<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_74046_0000074046-21-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12792689</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283561</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3068952</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3936330</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2891720</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2393751</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000074046-21-000082.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013160635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000074046-21-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oil-Dri Corp of America
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000074046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		IRS NUMBER:				362048898
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12622
		FILM NUMBER:		211321308

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3123211515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL-DRI Corp OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170417

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL DRI CORP OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170307

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL-DRI CORP OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000074046-21-000082.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 odc-20210731.htm
 10-K

odc-20210731 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 1 

Large accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of Oil-Dri s Common Stock owned by non-affiliates as of January 31, 2021 was . 
 
 Number of shares of each class of Oil-Dri s capital stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021: 
 Common Stock shares Class B Stock shares Class A Common Stock shares 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of Oil-Dri s Proxy Statement for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proxy Statement ), which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC not later than November 28, 2021 (120 days after the end of Oil-Dri s fiscal year ended July 31, 2021), are incorporated into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as indicated herein. 
 
 2 

CONTENTS 
 Item Page PART I 
 1 Business 
 5 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 2 Properties 
 25 
 3 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 4 Mine Safety Disclosure 28 
 PART II 
 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 71 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 72 
 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 74 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 74 
 9B. Other Information 
 74 
 PART III 
 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 75 
 11 Executive Compensation 
 75 
 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 75 
 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 76 

3 

CONTENTS (CONTINUED) 
 Item Page PART IV 
 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 77 
 Signatures 
 82 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 84 
 Exhibit Index 
 85 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements in this report, including those under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and those statements elsewhere in this report and other documents we file with the SEC, contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management s assumptions. In addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or written statements, or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls and conference calls. Words such as expect, outlook, forecast, would, could, should, project, intend, plan, continue, believe, seek, estimate, anticipate, may, assume, foresee, predict, possible, commit, design, strive, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially, including those described in Item 1A Risk Factors below and other documents we file with the SEC. Should one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, intended, expected, believed, estimated, projected or planned. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Except to the extent required by law, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. 
 
 TRADEMARK NOTICE 
 
 Agsorb, Amlan, Calibrin, Cat s Pride, ConditionAde, Flo-Fre, Fresh Light, Jonny Cat, KatKit, MD-09, Metal-X, NeoPrime, Oil-Dri, Pel-Unite, Perform, Pro Mound, Pro's Choice Sports Field Products, Pure-Flo, Rapid Dry, Select, Terra-Green, Ultra-Clear, Varium and Verge are all U.S. registered trademarks of Oil-Dri Corporation of America or of its subsidiaries. Saular, Cat's Pride and Jonny Cat are Canadian registered trademarks of Oil-Dri Corporation of America. Fresh Step is a registered trademark of The Clorox Company Clorox ). 
 
 4 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 
 O VERVIEW O F B USINESS 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated herein or as the context otherwise requires, references to Oil-Dri, the Company, we, us or our refer to Oil-Dri Corporation of America and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Oil-Dri is a leader in developing, manufacturing and/or marketing sorbent products. Our sorbent products are principally produced from hydrated aluminosilicate minerals, primarily consisting of calcium bentonite, attapulgite and diatomaceous shale, which we refer to collectively as our clay, our minerals, or Fuller's Earth. We surface mine our clay on leased or owned land near our manufacturing facilities in Mississippi, Georgia, Illinois and California. We produce both absorbent and adsorbent products from our clay. Absorbents, like sponges, draw liquids up into their many pores. Examples of our absorbent clay products are Cat s Pride and Jonny Cat branded premium cat litter, as well as other private label cat litters. Additional examples are our Oil-Dri branded floor absorbents, Amlan branded animal health and nutrition solutions for livestock, and Agsorb and Verge agricultural chemical carriers. Adsorbent products attract impurities in liquids, such as metals and surfactants, and form low-level chemical bonds. Examples of our adsorbent products are our Ultra-Clear clarification clays. Our Pure-Flo, Perform and Select bleaching clay products act as filtration media for edible oils, fats and tallows. Also, our Pure-Flo, Supreme, and Perform lines of bleaching clay products serve as a purification aid for vegetable oil products. We also sell nonclay-based products, such as our Oil-Dri synthetic sorbents used for industrial cleanup and plastic cat litter box liners. Our principal products are described in more detail below. 
 
 Oil-Dri Corporation of America was incorporated in 1969 in Delaware as the successor to an Illinois corporation incorporated in 1946 (which was the successor to a partnership that commenced business in 1941). For additional information on recent business developments, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Part II, Item 7, incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 P RINCIPAL P RODUCTS 
 
 Agricultural and Horticultural Products 
 
 We produce a wide range of granules and powders used to enhance agricultural and horticultural products. Our mineral-based absorbent products serve as carriers for biological and chemical active ingredients, drying agents, and growing media. Our brands include: Agsorb, an agricultural and horticultural carrier and drying agent; Verge, an engineered granule used as a carrier and drying agent; and Flo-Fre, a highly absorbent microgranule used as a flowability aid. 
 
 Agsorb and Verge carriers are used in products that are alternatives to liquid sprays. These products are sold for lawn and garden and row crop applications. The clay granules absorb active ingredients and are then delivered directly into, or on top of the ground, providing a more precise application than liquid sprays. Verge carriers are spherical, uniform-sized granules with very low dust. Agsorb drying agent is blended into fertilizer-pesticide blends applied to absorb moisture and improve flowability. Flo-Fre microgranules are used by grain processors and other large handlers of bulk products to soak up excess moisture, which prevents caking. These products are sold primarily in the United States by our technical sales force. 
 
 Animal Health and Nutrition Solutions 
 
 We produce, or use contract processors to produce, Amlan brand name and private label products that support good health and productivity of species in livestock industries. For example, our products, including our Calibrin, Varium and NeoPrime products, provide a number of solutions for swine, poultry and dairy cattle livestock production. In addition, our MD-09 moisture manager product is a feed additive for the reduction of wet droppings in poultry and our Pel-Unite and Pel-Unite Plus products are specialized animal feed pellet binders. 
 
 Our animal health and nutrition products are sold both directly and through a network of distributors to livestock producers, feed mill operators, nutritionists and veterinarians in the United States, Latin America, Africa, Mexico, the Middle East and Asia. The sales force for our subsidiaries located in China, Mexico and Indonesia also sells these products, as further described in Foreign Operations below. 

5 

Bleaching Clay and Purification Aid Products 
 
 We produce an array of products for bleaching, purification and filtration applications that are used around the world by edible oil processors, as well as by refiners of jet fuel and other petroleum-based products. Bleaching clays are used by edible oil processors to adsorb soluble contaminants that create oxidation problems. Our Pure-Flo and Perform bleaching clays remove impurities, such as trace metals, chlorophyll and color bodies, in various types of edible oils. Perform products provide increased activity for hard-to-bleach oils. Our Select adsorbents are used to remove contaminants in vegetable oil processing and can also be used to prepare oil prior to the creation of biodiesel fuel. Metal X is a highly efficient adsorbent for the renewable diesel market. Our Ultra-Clear product is used as a purification and filtration medium for jet fuel and other petroleum-based products. These products are sold in the United States and in international markets by our team of technical sales employees, distributors and sales agents. 
 
 Cat Litter Products 
 
 We produce two types of mineral-based cat litter products, scoopable and coarse non-clumping litters, both of which have absorbent and odor controlling characteristics. Scoopable litters have the additional characteristic of clumping when exposed to moisture, allowing the consumer to selectively dispose of the used portion of the litter. Scoopable litter products are further differentiated between lightweight and heavyweight. Lightweight scoopable litters offer high performance with the added convenience of being lighter to carry and pour. 
 
 Branded products . Our scoopable and non-clumping litters are sold under our Cat s Pride and Jonny Cat brand names. Our Cat's Pride litters created the lightweight segment of the scoopable litter market. In addition, we offer our non-clumping litter in a pre-packaged, disposable tray under the Cat s Pride KatKit brand. Moreover, we offer litter box liners under the Cat's Pride and Jonny Cat product lines. These products are sold through independent food brokers and by our sales force to major grocery, drug, dollar store, mass-merchandiser and pet outlets, as well as through e-commerce. 
 
 Private label products. We produce private label scoopable and non-clumping cat litters. Our lightweight scoopable litters lead our private label cat litter offerings. 
 
 Co-packaged products. We have a long-term supply arrangement with Clorox (which is material to our business) under which we manufacture branded non-clumping litters. Under this co-manufacturing relationship, the marketer controls all aspects of sales, marketing, and distribution, as well as the odor control formula, and we are responsible for manufacturing. Under the long-term supply agreement with Clorox we have the exclusive right to supply Clorox s requirements for Fresh Step coarse cat litter up to certain levels. 
 
 Industrial and Automotive Products 
 
 We manufacture and/or sell products made from clay, polypropylene and recycled materials that absorb oil, acid, paint, ink, water and other liquids. These products have industrial, automotive and home applications. Our clay-based sorbent products, such as Oil-Dri branded and private label floor absorbents, are used for floor maintenance in industrial applications to provide a non-slip and non-flammable surface for workers. These floor absorbents are also used in automotive repair facilities, car dealerships and other industrial applications, as well as for home use in garages and driveways. Our Oil-Dri branded polypropylene-based and recycled products are sold in various forms, such as pads, rolls, socks, booms and spill kits. 
 
 Industrial and automotive sorbent products are sold through distribution networks that includes industrial, auto parts, safety, sanitary supply, chemical and paper distributors. These products are also sold through environmental service companies, mass-merchandisers, catalogs and through e-commerce. 
 
 Sports Products 
 
 We manufacture and sell both branded and private label sports products. Pro s Choice Sports Field Products are used on baseball, softball, football and soccer fields. Pro s Choice soil conditioners are used in field construction or as top dressing to improve drainage, suppress dust and improve field performance. Pro Mound packing clay is used to construct pitcher s mounds, catcher's stations and batter s boxes. Rapid Dry drying agent is used to wick away excess water from the infield. Sports products are used at all levels of play, including professional, college and high school and on municipal fields. These products are sold through distributors of sport turf materials as well as to sports field product users. 
 
 6 

B USINESS S EGMENTS 
 
 We have two reportable operating segments for financial reporting derived from the different characteristics of our two major customer groups: the Retail and Wholesale Products Group and the Business to Business Products Group. The Retail and Wholesale Products Group customers include mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstore chains, pet specialty retail outlets, dollar stores, retail grocery stores, direct customers through e-commerce, distributors of industrial cleanup and automotive products, environmental service companies and users of sports field products and sports turf materials. The Business to Business Products Group customers include processors and refiners of edible oils, petroleum-based oils and biodiesel fuel; manufacturers of animal feed and agricultural chemicals; distributors of animal health and nutrition products; and marketers of consumer products. Certain financial information on both segments is contained in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 F OREIGN O PERATIONS 
 
 Our foreign operations are located in Canada and the United Kingdom, which are included in the Retail and Wholesale Products Group, and China, Switzerland, Mexico and Indonesia, which are included in the Business to Business Products Group. 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Oil-Dri Canada ULC, is a manufacturer, distributor and marketer of branded and private label cat litter in the Canadian marketplace. Among its leading brands are Saular, Cat s Pride and Jonny Cat. Our Canadian business also manufactures or purchases and sells industrial granule floor absorbents, synthetic polypropylene sorbent materials and agricultural chemical carriers. 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Oil-Dri (U.K.) Limited, is a manufacturer, distributor and marketer of industrial floor absorbents, bleaching earth and cat litter. These products are marketed in the United Kingdom and Western Europe. Oil-Dri (U.K.) Limited also sells synthetic polypropylene sorbent materials and plastic containment products. 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Amlan Trading (Shenzhen) Company, Ltd., located in Shenzhen, China, is dedicated to animal health and provides natural disease management solutions for livestock. This subsidiary sells animal health and nutrition products under our Amlan brand name and under private label arrangements. PT Amlan Perdagangan Internasional, another of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, is located in Indonesia and also distributes our animal health and nutrition products. 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Oil-Dri SARL, is a Swiss company that performs various management, customer service and administrative functions for some of the international customers of our domestic operations. 
 
 We own a 78.4 interest in a distributor in Mexico, Agromex Importaciones, S.A de C.V. This distributor sells, among other products, our animal health and nutrition products and swine feeding equipment and swine fertilization supplies. 
 
 Our foreign operations are subject to the normal risks of doing business in non-U.S. countries, such as currency fluctuations, restrictions on the transfer of funds and import/export duties; however, historically our operating results have not been materially impacted by these factors. Incorporated herein by reference are Item 1A. Risk Factors, which describes other risks that could impact our foreign operations, and Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which contains certain financial information about our foreign operations. 
 
 C USTOMERS 
 
 Sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Walmart and its affiliates accounted for approximately 18 and 19 of our total net sales for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Walmart is a customer in our Retail and Wholesale Products Group. There are no customers in the Business to Business Products Group with sales equal to or greater than 10 of our total sales; however, sales to Clorox (a customer in our Business to Business Products Group) and its affiliates accounted for approximately 5 of total net sales for both fiscal years 2021 and 2020. The degree of margin contribution of our significant customers in the Business to Business Products Group varies, with certain customers having a greater effect on our operating results . The loss of any customer other than those described in this paragraph would not be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 7 

C OMPETITION 
 
 Product performance, price, brand recognition, customer service, technical support, and distribution resources are the principal methods of competition in our markets and competition historically has been very vigorous. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also have a significant impact on retail consumer purchasing decisions, which primarily affects our Retail and Wholesale Products Group. Most of the principal competitors for our Retail and Wholesale Products Group have substantially greater financial resources or market presence than we do and have established brands. These competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than us. 
 
 We have six principal competitors in our Retail and Wholesale Products Group, including one of which is also our customer. Two of the principal competitors relate to our Industrial and Sports products. The overall cat litter market has grown in recent years. The overwhelming majority of all cat litter is mineral based, including both scoopable and coarse non-clumping litters. Cat litters based on alternative strata such as paper, various agricultural waste products and silica gels have niche positions. Scoopable products have a majority of the cat litter market share followed by coarse non-clumping litters. The market share for scoopable cat litter has been growing, while the coarse non-clumping litter share has remained stable. 
 
 There is significant competition to attract cat litter consumers across multi-outlet channels, including grocery, mass-merchandiser, dollar, pet and drug stores, as well as through e-commerce. Competition for the scoopable litter market has been particularly intense with new product offerings and increased advertising and promotions by our competitors and by us. We provide our customers with product innovation, a nation-wide distribution network and strong customer service. Our exceptional sales and research and development teams give us a further advantage over smaller and regional manufacturers. 
 
 We have six principal competitors in our Business to Business Products Group. Our bleaching clay and fluid purification products are sold in a highly cost competitive global marketplace. Performance is a primary competitive factor for these products. The animal health portion of this segment also operates in a global marketplace with price and performance competition from multi-national and local competitors. Competition for our crop protection products is primarily based on price, but competitor differentiation also exists in the ability to meet customer product specifications and enhancements in engineered granule technologies. 
 
 R ESEARCH AND D EVELOPMENT 
 
 We develop new products and applications and improve existing products at our research and development center in Vernon Hills, Illinois. The center includes a pilot plant that simulates the production processes of our customers and our manufacturing plants. In addition, our microbiology lab is within walking distance of our existing research and development center and is dedicated primarily to the development of our animal health products. Our staff (and various consultants they engage from time to time) have experience in disciplines such as biology, microbiology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, geological and earth science, material science, geochemistry, physical catalysis, animal nutrition, animal science, oncological nutrition and transitional medicine. In the past several years, our research efforts have resulted in a number of new sorbent products and processes. The research and development center produces prototype samples and tests new products for customer trial and evaluation. No significant research and development was customer sponsored, and all research and development costs are expensed in the period in which incurred. See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about research and development expenses. 
 
 B ACKLOG ; S EASONALITY 
 
 As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, the value of our backlog of orders were approximately 22,543,000 and 15,692,000, respectively. This value was determined by the number of tons on backlog order and the net selling prices. All backlog orders are expected to be filled within the next 12 months. We consider our business, taken as a whole, to be moderately seasonal; however, business activities of certain customers (such as agricultural chemical manufacturers) are subject to such seasonal factors as crop acreage planted, product formulation cycles and weather conditions. 
 
 E FFECTS OF I NFLATION 
 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing the cost of employee wages and benefits, transportation, processing equipment, purchased raw materials and packaging, energy and borrowings under our credit facility. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion of these costs. 
 
 8 

R ESOURCES 
 
 Patents 
 
 We have obtained or applied for patents for certain of our processes and products sold to customers in both the Retail and Wholesale Products Group and the Business to Business Products Group. U.S. patents are currently granted for a term of 20 years from the date the patent application is filed and durations of patents issued outside of the United States vary from country to country. Our patents, particularly our U.S. patents, are highly important to our business and we assert our patent rights and vigorously protect our patents them from apparent infringement where appropriate, although no single patent is considered material to the business as a whole. The risks associated with our patents (and intellectual property, generally), are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Reserves 
 
 We mine our clay on leased or owned land near our manufacturing facilities in Mississippi, Georgia, Illinois and California; we also have reserves in Nevada, Oregon and Tennessee. We estimate that our proven mineral reserves as of July 31, 2021 were approximately 102,953,000 tons in aggregate and our probable reserves were approximately 176,352,000 tons in aggregate, for a total of 279,305,000 tons of mineral reserves. Based on our rate of consumption during fiscal year 2021, and without regard to any of our reserves in Nevada, Oregon and Tennessee, we consider our proven and probable reserves adequate to supply our needs for over 40 years. Although we consider these reserves to be extremely valuable to our business, only a small portion of the reserves, those which were acquired in acquisitions, are reflected at cost on our balance sheet. 
 
 It is our policy to attempt to maintain a minimum of forty years of proven and probable reserves of each type of clay at each location. We have an ongoing program of exploration for additional reserves but we cannot assure that additional reserves will continue to become available. Our use of these reserves, and our ability to explore for additional reserves, are subject to compliance with existing and future federal and state statutes and regulations regarding mining and environmental compliance. During fiscal year 2021, we utilized these reserves to produce substantially all of the sorbent products that we sold. 
 
 Proven reserves are those reserves for which (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in outcrops, trenches, workings or drill holes; grade and/or quality are computed from results of detailed sampling, and (b) the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement are spaced so closely and the geologic character is so well defined that size, shape, depth and mineral content of reserves are well established. Probable reserves are computed from information similar to that used for proven reserves, but the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement are farther apart or are otherwise less adequately spaced. The degree of assurance, although lower than that for proven reserves, is high enough to assume continuity between points of observation. We use certified professional geologists and mineral specialists who estimate and evaluate existing and potential reserves in terms of quality, quantity and availability. 
 
 Mining Operations 
 
 We have continuously conducted mining operations in Ripley, Mississippi since 1963, in Ochlocknee, Georgia since 1968, in Blue Mountain, Mississippi since 1989, in Mounds, Illinois since 1998 and in Taft, California since 2002. Our clay is surface mined on a year-round basis, using large earth moving scrapers, bulldozers, or excavators and off-road trucks to strip off overburden (non-usable material atop desired clay). The desired clay is then loaded into dump trucks and transported to the processing facilities. The stripping, mining and hauling of our clay is performed in-house as well as by independent contractors. Our current operating mines range in distance from immediately adjacent to approximately 13 miles from the related processing plants. Processing facilities are generally accessed from the mining areas by private and public roads and in some instances by public highways. Each of our processing facilities maintains inventories of unprocessed clay of approximately one week of production requirements. See Item 2 Properties below for additional information regarding our mining properties and operations. 
 
 The following schedule summarizes the net book value of land and other plant and equipment for each of our manufacturing facilities as of July 31, 2021 (in thousands). 
 Land Mineral Rights Plant and Equipment Ochlocknee, Georgia 9,074 34,800 Ripley, Mississippi 2,421 12,437 Mounds, Illinois 1,637 3,520 Blue Mountain, Mississippi 908 8,715 Taft, California 1,854 8,222 
 9 

Energy 
 
 We primarily used natural gas in the processing kilns to dry our clay products during fiscal year 2021. We monitor gas market trends and we may contract for a portion of our anticipated fuel needs using forward purchase contracts to mitigate the volatility of our kiln fuel prices. We do not have any forward purchase contracts as of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. 
 
 H UMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND RESOURCES 
 
 Overview 
 
 During fiscal year 2021, we had approximately 847 employees, who we refer to as our teammates, 46 of whom were employed by our foreign subsidiaries. 111, 22, and 668 of our teammates work at our corporate offices, research and development center and manufacturing facilities, respectively. We believe our corporate offices, research and development center and manufacturing facilities are currently adequately staffed but there is no guarantee that, given the current state of the on-going novel coronavirus pandemic ("the coronavirus" or "COVID-19") and macro-economic environment, that this will always be possible. Approximately 52 of our teammates in the U.S. and approximately 15 of our teammates in Canada are represented by labor unions, with whom we have entered into separate collective bargaining agreements. We consider our employee relations to be satisfactory. 
 
 Culture 
 
 Oil-Dri s culture and values, along with its teammates, are our most valuable assets. We take pride in building a culture that emphasizes high moral and ethical values and conducts business with honesty, integrity and a passion for excellence. Our approach is centered on collaboration, communication, and transparency, and we believe in the value of an open and accessible corporate structure. We expect all our teammates to conduct business in an ethical and fair manner using our WE CARE values framework. 
 
 Oil-Dri's culture and the objectives that we focus on in managing our business are based on our WE CARE values. WE CARE is an acronym for remembering our core values, which is the moral standard that we endeavor to apply to our teammates, customers, vendors, and other stakeholders. We continuously work to reinforce these values through leading by example, training, and rewarding positive behaviors. We use WE CARE values as a moral compass to constantly strive for continuous improvement. These values are embedded into everything we do and are reflected in our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, formal policies and procedures, annual training, and a strong governance structure. Our WE CARE values are also the basis of our formal teammate recognition process. 

Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct details how we act in accordance with these fundamental standards. The first E in WE CARE stands for Ethics. Oil-Dri s ethical culture is one of our greatest strengths and areas of emphasis by our Board of Directors and management team. Our CEO is frequently asked to speak on this topic at local business schools, including the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern, and Marquette University. Our CEO s continued messaging to all Oil-Dri teammates about the importance of our ethical culture helps maintain a strong Tone at the Top for our entire organization. 
 10 

Our Compliance Committee meets quarterly and is comprised of members of Oil-Dri leadership as well as the owners of our three compliance functions: Trade, Regulatory, and Anti-Corruption. Our Trade compliance function works to make sure we are in alignment with all applicable export laws and regulations, and screens all new international customers, distributors and/or agents against the various restricted and denied party lists before they can do business with Oil-Dri. Our Regulatory compliance team ensures our product registrations meet the complex and multiple requirements of the various countries, as well as U.S. states, in which we do business. Our Anti-Corruption compliance team works with Human Resources to ensure that teammates attest to Oil-Dri s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which was updated in 2021. These two groups also work together to make sure teammates understand the specific requirements around Conflicts of Interest, including any disclosures where relevant. Our Board of Directors also annually attests to Oil-Dri s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct . The Anti-Corruption team also conducts a thorough Third-Party Due Diligence process that includes the use of compliance software. Third parties are selected for this process based on a risk analysis that includes potential interaction with government officials as well as the Corruption Perception Index published by Transparency International (an international non-profit) of the countries in which they do business. 
 
 Oil-Dri has strong policies and procedures in place for Anti-Corruption and Conflicts of Interest. This includes training and attestation requirements where appropriate. Oil-Dri is committed to whistleblower protection and has a third-party anonymous hotline where teammates across the globe can reach out via phone or internet with any concerns they may have and be ensured of anonymity in reporting if they so desire. Our Anti-Corruption training emphasizes the necessity of whistleblower protection and zero tolerance for retaliation. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 WE CARE for all. 
 
 Our strength as a company comes from leveraging the uniqueness of all teammates and those in our communities. We strive to promote a diverse and inclusive workforce for all. 
 
 Oil-Dri s success is enhanced by striving for a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities and countries in which we live and work. We embrace all people, regardless of race, sex, gender identity, age, religion, nationality, physical ability or sexual orientation. Diverse perspectives are encouraged and needed in order help our company achieve its vision and continue to grow. We are committed to cultivating and preserving a culture of inclusion. That is why we created a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee during fiscal year 2021 to help us live up to our WE CARE core values. This committee represents a diverse group of colleagues across locations, functions and communities who are the Company s champions for our diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. The committee strives to bring awareness and understanding of human diversity as a corporate imperative by engaging teammates in pertinent conversation, training, and education. As the committee evolves, additional programs will be introduced. 
 
 Compensation 
 
 We believe our success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled teammates. We have demonstrated a history of investing in our teammates by providing competitive salaries and bonuses at all levels of the Company, including a deferred compensation plan and executive deferred bonuses for our executives, and opportunities for equity ownership through our restricted stock program under our long-term incentive plan. We also provide access to training and development and an attractive employment package that promotes well-being, including health care, retirement plans, and paid time off. We support our employees desire to save for retirement by providing a 401(k) savings plan in which we contribute 100 of every employee dollar contributed, up to six percent (6 of earnings and for which employees are fully vested after two (2) years of employment. The competitive compensation and benefit package have been key to the strong retention of our employees. 
 
 Teammate Health and Wellness 
 
 The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our teammates. As such, the health and wellness of our teammates is a top priority of ours. We offer robust and generous benefit programs, to those who qualify, which include, but are not limited to, health, prescription drug, dental, life insurance and disability insurance. We also offer wellness programs, to those who qualify, to help our teammates live healthy lives. Smoking cessation programs are offered to teammates at no cost. We also offer gym and weight loss reimbursement in order to encourage a healthy lifestyle. Our employee assistance program provides face-to-face, telephonic and online counseling services for a variety of potential needs that our teammates may have. Our commitment to the wellness of our teammates is further evidenced by our paid time off and sick days program which are part of the work/life balance component of our WE CARE values framework. 
 
 11 

Continuous Teammate Development 
 
 We encourage our teammates to reach their potential with continuous learning and improvement. All teammates have access to our online training and development library for on-demand courses, webinars, books and podcasts. Teammates may attend conferences and programs and/or obtain certifications that relate to their positions at no cost. For teammates looking to further their education, we offer varying levels of tuition reimbursement programs after one year of employment. This is designed to provide financial support to help teammates reach their educational goals, while also providing a way to support academic activities that directly relate to the organization s identified knowledge, skills, and behaviors which support the mission, vision, and values of the Company. 
 
 Teammate Engagement 
 
 Oil-Dri maintains an open-door policy that encourages conversations between teammates at all levels. Communication goes both ways - ideas are shared and feedback is encouraged. We engage with teammates on a regular basis through newsletters, townhalls, video announcements, meetings, and new hire luncheons with our CEO. On occasion, anonymous online surveys are issued to solicit feedback on various work-related topics. We come together to celebrate work anniversaries, birthdays, retirements and other special occasions. 
 
 Safety 
 
 We believe that safety must be the first and foremost consideration in the decisions made by and on behalf of the Company. We believe safety is everyone s responsibility - from senior management to frontline workers. As part of our company-wide safety policies, it is expected that all teammates identify safety risks and take action by implementing interim controls, ensuring that controls are maintained, and recommending permanent solutions. Additionally, as part of our annual budget and capital planning process, our businesses identify additional safety investments required for training, education, equipment, and processes. We are committed to operating in a manner that protects the health and safety of our workforce and our communities and ensures decisions are consistent with a long-term view of sustainability and stewardship. 
 
 Through our corporate safety department, we implemented a safety auditing program for adherence to local, state and federal safety standards and regulations including MSHA and OSHA. These audits are conducted annually for global operations by third-party consultants enforcing a rigorous assessment of regulatory standards, internal procedures and program performance. Audit assessments and inspections are scored and are currently indicating high levels of compliance in our operations. The auditing program confirms the Company s commitment to best management practices and principles. We continually increase the rigor and level of scrutiny to drive continuous improvement in our operations. 
 
 In response to COVID-19, we implemented significant safety changes which comply with government regulations. This included having the vast majority of our teammates who can perform their jobs offsite work from home and additional safety measures for teammates continuing critical on-site work. We substantially restricted non-essential travel, required social distancing, supplied masks, implemented vigorous cleaning and sanitation protocols, and provided information to all of our teammates on a regular basis regarding the Company s approach to COVID-19 and other beneficial health and vaccine related information. Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for information on Human Capital Management actions taken by the Company in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 G OVERNMENT AND E NVIRONMENTAL R EGULATION AND C OMPLIANCE 
 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulatory requirements relating to the environment and to health and safety matters. In particular, our mining and manufacturing operations and facilities in Georgia, Mississippi, California and Illinois are required to comply with state surface mining and environmental protection statutes as well as the workplace safety requirements of the Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ). These domestic locations and our Canadian operations are subject to various federal, state and local statutes, regulations, ordinances, building codes, and permitting and licensing requirements which govern the discharge, storage and disposal of materials, water and waste into the environment, maintenance of our locations or otherwise regulate our operations. In recent years, regulation and enforcement have grown increasingly stringent, a trend that we expect will continue. We endeavor to be in compliance at all times and in all material respects with all applicable environmental, health and safety controls and regulations. As a result, compliance with the various statutes, regulations, ordinances, codes, and other requirements have required continuing management efforts and the expenditures relating to such compliance have varied over the years; however, these expenditures have not had a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. As part of our ongoing environmental compliance activities, we incur expenses in connection with reclaiming mining sites. Historically, reclamation expenses have not had a material effect on our cost of sales. 
 
 12 

In addition to the environmental, health and safety requirements related to our mining and manufacturing operations and facilities, there has been increased federal, state and international regulation with respect to the content, labeling, use, packaging, registration, trade compliance, advertising, and disposal of products that we sell. For example, in the United States, some of our operations, products, product claims, labeling and advertising are regulated by the Food and Drug Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Occupational Health and Safety Administration, the Mine Safety and Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and the Federal Trade Commission. Most states have agencies that regulate in parallel to these federal agencies. In addition, our international sales and operations are subject to regulation in each of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture, distribute or sell our products. There is increasing federal and state regulation with respect to the content, labeling, use, and disposal after use of various products we sell. Throughout the world, but particularly in the United States and Europe, there is also increasing government scrutiny and regulation of the food chain and products entering or affecting the food chain. We endeavor to be in compliance at all times and in all material respects with those regulations and to assist our customers in that compliance. 
 
 We cannot assure that, despite all commercially reasonable efforts, we will always be in compliance in all material respects with all applicable environmental laws and requirements nor can we assure that from time to time enforcement of such requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our business. The imposition of more stringent standards or requirements under such regulations could result in increased expenditures. Additionally, we could be required to alter our operations in order to comply with any new standards or requirements under environmental laws or regulations. See Item 1A Risk Factors below for a discussion of the impact of government regulations on our business and other risks to our business. 
 
 A VAILABLE I NFORMATION 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to all of the foregoing reports, are made available free of charge on or through the Investor Information section of our website at www.oildri.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information related to corporate governance at Oil-Dri, including its Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, information concerning executive officers, directors and Board committees, and transactions in Oil-Dri securities by directors and executive officers, is available free of charge on or through the Investor Information section of our website at www.oildri.com. The information on our website in not included as a part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 13 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 We seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. You should consider the following factors carefully, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. We face risks related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and actions in response thereto, which have exacerbated or could further exacerbate conditions in our other risk factors noted below. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial in our operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Our future growth and financial performance depend in large part on successful new product introductions. 
 
 A significant portion of our net sales comes from the sale of products in mature categories, some of which have had, at times, experienced little or no volume growth or have had volume declines in recent fiscal years. A significant part of our future growth and financial performance will require that we successfully introduce new products or extend existing product offerings to meet emerging customer needs, technological trends and product market opportunities. We cannot be certain that we will achieve these goals. The development and introduction of new products generally require substantial and effective research, development and marketing expenditures, some or all of which may be unrecoverable if the new products do not gain market acceptance. New product development itself is inherently risky, as research failures, competitive barriers arising out of the intellectual property rights of others, launch and production difficulties, customer rejection and unexpectedly short product life cycles as well as other factors and events beyond our control may occur even after substantial effort and expense on our part. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we, at times, experienced limitations on our ability to conduct plant tests with customers, which impacted our sales. Even in the case of a successful launch of a new product, the ultimate benefit we realize may be uncertain if the new product cannibalizes sales of our existing products beyond expected levels. See Government regulation imposes significant costs on us, and future regulatory changes (or related customer responses to regulatory changes) could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce and sell our products for a discussion of additional risks associated with new product development and launches and Our business could be adversely affected by a widespread threat to public health for a discussion of risks and events beyond our control that could impact our growth and performance. 
 
 We face intense competition in our markets. 
 
 Our markets are highly competitive and we expect that both direct and indirect competition will increase in the future. Our overall competitive position depends on a number of factors including price, customer service, marketing, advertising and trade spending, technical support, product quality and delivery. Some of our competitors, particularly in the sale of cat litter (the largest product in our Retail and Wholesale Products Group), have substantially greater financial resources and market presence with established brands. The competition in the future may, in some cases, lead to price reductions, increased promotional spending, or loss of market share or product distribution, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our periodic results may be volatile. 
 
 Our operating results have varied on a quarterly basis during our operating history and are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future. Our expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations regarding future net sales, and many of our expenses are fixed, particularly in the short term. We may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. Any significant shortfall of net sales in relation to our expectations could negatively affect our quarterly operating results. Our operating results may be below the expectations of our investors as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside our control. The Company has experienced growth in recent periods, which may not be sustainable or indicative of future growth. Factors that may affect our quarterly operating results include: 
 
 fluctuating demand for our products and services; 
 size and timing of sales of our products and services; 
 the mix of products with varying profitability sold in a given quarter; 
 changes in our operating costs including raw materials, energy, transportation, packaging, overburden removal, trade spending and marketing, wages and other employee-related expenses such as health care costs, and other costs; 
 our ability to anticipate and adapt to rapidly changing conditions; 
 introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors; 
 14 

our ability to successfully implement price increases and surcharges, as well as other changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 variations in purchasing patterns by our customers, including due to weather conditions or other factors outside of our control; 
 the ability of major customers and other debtors to meet their obligations to us as they come due; 
 our ability to successfully manage regulatory, intellectual property, tax and legal matters; 
 litigation and regulatory judgments and charges, settlements, or other litigation and regulatory-related costs; 
 the overall tax rate of our business, which may be affected by a number of factors, including the use of tax attributes, the financial results of our international subsidiaries and the timing, size and integration of acquisitions we may make from time to time; 
 the occurrence of a widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, any other public health crisis, natural disaster or other force majeure event ; 
 the incurrence of restructuring, impairment or other charges; and 
 general economic conditions and specific economic conditions in our industry and the industries of our customers. 
 
 The Company has experienced an increase in sales as a result of higher levels of pet ownership and spending on pets. Additionally, the continued COVID-19 pandemic and its impact may exacerbate these factors and cause greater fluctuations in our operating results from quarter-to-quarter. To the extent these factors slow or change, consumer demand for our products may not be sustained or may reverse, and our results could be adversely affected. Accordingly, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful. Investors should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication of our future performance. 
 
 Acquisitions involve a number of risks, any of which could cause us not to realize the anticipated benefits. 
 
 We intend, from time to time, to strategically explore potential opportunities to expand our operations and reserves through acquisitions. Identification of good acquisition candidates is difficult and highly competitive. If we are unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, and successfully integrate the companies, businesses or properties that we acquire, our profitability may decline and we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. Acquisitions involve a number of inherent risks, including: 
 
 uncertainties in assessing the value, strengths, and potential profitability of acquisition candidates, and in identifying the extent of all weaknesses, risks, contingent and other liabilities (including environmental, legacy product or mining safety liabilities) of those candidates; 
 the potential loss of key customers, management and employees of an acquired business; 
 the ability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition; 
 problems that could arise from the integration of the acquired business; and 
 unanticipated changes in business, industry or general economic conditions that affect the assumptions underlying our rationale for pursuing the acquisition. 
 
 Any one or more of these factors could cause us not to realize the benefits we anticipate to result from an acquisition. Moreover, acquisition opportunities we pursue could materially affect our liquidity and capital resources and may require us to incur indebtedness, seek equity capital or both and there can be no assurances that we can obtain indebtedness or equity capital on terms acceptable to the Company. Increased borrowings would correspondingly increase the Company's financial leverage, and could result in lower credit ratings and increased future borrowing costs. These risks could also reduce the Company's flexibility to respond to changes in its industry or in general economic conditions. In addition, future acquisitions could result in our assuming more long-term liabilities relative to the value of the acquired assets than we have assumed in our previous acquisitions. 
 
 We depend on a limited number of customers for a large portion of our net sales. 
 
 A limited number of customers account for a large percentage of our net sales, as described in Item 1 Business above. The loss of, or a substantial decrease in the volume of, purchases by Walmart, Clorox or any of our other top customers could harm our sales and profitability. In addition, an adverse change in the terms of our dealings with, or in the financial wherewithal or viability of, one or more of our significant customers could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We expect that a significant portion of our net sales will continue to be derived from a small number of customers and that the percentage of net sales represented by these customers may increase. As a result, changes in the strategies of our largest customers may reduce our net sales. These strategic changes may include a reduction in the number of brands or variety of 
 15 

products they carry or a shift of shelf space to private label products or increased use of global or centralized procurement initiatives. Further, the continued impact of COVID-19 may result in a change in demand for or availability of our products as a result of customers modifying their restocking, fulfillment, or shipping practices in response to, or recovery from, the global pandemic. In addition, our business is based primarily upon individual sales orders placed by customers rather than contracts with a fixed duration. Accordingly, most of our customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products from us on relatively short notice. While we do have long-term contracts with certain of our customers, including Clorox, even these agreements are subject to termination in certain circumstances. In addition, the degree of profit margin contribution of our significant customers varies. If a significant customer with a more favorable profit margin was to terminate its relationship with us or shift its mix of product purchases to lower-margin products, it would have a disproportionately adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Price or trade concessions, or the failure to make them to retain customers, could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 
 
 The products we sell are subject to significant price competition. From time to time, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. These pressures are often exacerbated during an economic downturn. Any reduction in prices to respond to these pressures would reduce our profit margins. In addition, if our sales volumes fail to grow sufficiently to offset any reduction in margins, our results of operations would suffer. Because of the competitive environment facing many of our customers, particularly our high-volume mass merchandiser customers, these customers have increasingly sought to obtain price reductions, specialized packaging or other concessions from product suppliers. These business demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. To the extent we provide these concessions, our profit margins are reduced. Further, if we are unable to maintain terms that are acceptable to our customers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products and increase purchases of products from our competitors, which would harm our sales and profitability. 
 
 Increases in energy, commodity and transportation costs would increase our operating costs, and we may be unable to pass all these increases on to our customers in the form of higher prices and surcharges. 
 
 If our energy, commodity and transportation costs increase disproportionately to our net sales, our earnings could be significantly reduced. Increases in our operating costs may reduce our profitability if we are unable to pass all the increases on to our customers through price increases or surcharges. Sustained price increases, surcharges or price inflation (or inflation pressure generally), in turn, may lead to declines in volume, and while we seek to project tradeoffs between price increases, surcharges and inflation, on the one hand, and volume, on the other, there can be no assurance that our projections will prove to be accurate. In particular, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and increased demand in trucking in certain areas of the United States following the reopening of state economies as well as increased shipping demand globally, which has impacted overseas vessel deliveries, the Company has experienced significant increases in transportation costs, decreases in the availability of shipping, and other global supply chain complexities and could experience delays in customer shipments. Given the varying level of re-openings and the continued spread of the pandemic globally (and uncertainty regarding how areas will respond to a continued or renewed spread), it is possible that significant disruptions could occur if the pandemic continues to put pressure on transportation and shipping as a result of an imbalance of supply and demand or if there are continued increases in costs that we are unable to recover. The duration and magnitude of the increased transportation costs cannot be predicted at this time and there can be no assurances that such costs and/or shipping disruptions will not continue to increase. 
 
 We are subject to volatility in the price and availability of natural gas, as well as other sources of energy. From time to time, we may use forward purchase contracts or financial instruments to moderate the volatility of a portion of our energy costs. The success or failure of any such transactions depends on a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate and manage volatility in energy prices, the general demand for fuel by the manufacturing sector, seasonality and the weather patterns throughout the United States and the world. 
 
 The prices of other commodities such as paper, plastic resins, synthetic rubber and steel significantly influence the costs of packaging, replacement parts and equipment we use in the manufacture of our products and the maintenance of our facilities. Similarly, transportation prices impact our cost of packaging and raw materials we purchase, as well as our cost to deliver finished products to our customers. As a result, increases in the prices of commodities and transportation may increase our cost of sales and present the same types of risks as described above. 
 
 To the extent that we experience increased costs in any of these areas, we may increase our prices, pass the increases along to customers, or otherwise take actions to offset the impact. Further, competitive pressures and other factors may also limit our ability to quickly raise prices in response to increased costs. Accordingly, we may not be able to offset increased costs fully or at all, and there can be no assurances that increasing prices will fully mitigate the impact of these increases, which could adversely impact our results. 
 
 16 

Our business could be negatively affected by supply, capacity, labor, information technology and logistics disruptions or the costs incurred to avoid these disruptions. 
 
 Supply, capacity, information technology and logistics disruptions (which may be caused by a variety of factors, including public health crises such as the COVID-19 outbreak or other outbreaks of diseases or illnesses, weather conditions, governmental controls, tariffs, national emergencies, natural or man-made disasters or other force majeure events) or our failure to mitigate such disruptions could adversely affect our ability to manufacture, package or transport our products or require additional resources to maintain or restore our supply chain. In addition, labor shortages or an increase in the cost of labor could adversely affect our profit margins and results of operations. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, there could be continued or renewed restrictions on our ability to travel or disruptions in our supply chain or ability to manufacture our products, as well as temporary closures of our facilities or those of our suppliers or customers, any of which could impact our sales and operating results. Some of our products require raw materials that are provided by a limited number of suppliers, or are demanded by other industries or are simply not available at times. Also, some of our products are manufactured on equipment at or near its capacity thus limiting our ability to sell additional volumes of such products until more capacity is obtained. In addition, an increase in truck or ocean freight costs may reduce our profitability, and a decrease in transportation availability may affect our ability to deliver our products to our customers and consequently decrease customer satisfaction and future orders. See Increases in energy, commodity and transportation costs would increase our operating costs, and we may be unable to pass all these increases on to our customers in the form of higher prices and surcharges for additional risks related to increased transportation costs and logistics disruptions. 
 
 Changes in inventory strategy by our customers as well as other external factors could adversely affect our sales and increase our inventory risk. 
 
 From time to time, customers in both our Retail and Wholesale Products Group and our Business to Business Products Group have changed inventory levels as part of managing their working capital requirements. Any decrease in inventory levels by our customers would harm our operating results for the financial periods affected by the reductions. In particular, continued consolidation within the retail industry could potentially reduce inventory levels maintained by our retail customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations for the financial periods affected by the reductions. 
 
 The value of our inventory may decline as a result of surplus inventory, packaging changes driven by regulatory requirements or market refreshment, price reductions or obsolescence. We must identify the right product mix and maintain sufficient inventory on hand to meet customer orders. Failure to do so could adversely affect our revenue and operating results. If circumstances change (for example, an unexpected shift in market demand, pricing or customer defaults) there could be a material impact on the net realizable value of our inventory. We maintain an inventory valuation reserve account against diminution in the value or saleability of our inventory; however, there is no guaranty that these arrangements will be sufficient to avoid write-offs in excess of our reserves. 
 
 We depend on our mining operations for a majority of our supply of sorbent minerals. 
 
 Most of our principal raw materials are sorbent minerals mined by us or independent contractors on land that we own or lease. While our mining operations are conducted in surface mines, which do not present many of the risks associated with deep underground mining, our mining operations are nevertheless subject to many conditions beyond our control. Our mining operations are affected by weather and natural disasters (such as earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, heavy rains and flooding), power outages, equipment failures and other unexpected maintenance problems, variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying our reserves, variations in geological conditions, fires and other accidents, fluctuations in the price or availability of supplies, landowner disputes, permit requirements and other matters. Any of these risks could result in significant damage to our mining properties or processing facilities, personal injury to our employees, environmental damage, delays in mining or processing, losses or possible legal liability. We cannot predict whether or the extent to which we will suffer the impact of these and other conditions in the future. 
 
 We may not be successful in acquiring adequate additional reserves in the future. 
 
 We have an ongoing program of exploration for additional reserves on existing properties as well as through the potential acquisition of new owned or leased properties; however, there can be no assurance that our attempts to acquire additional reserves in the future will be successful. Our ability to acquire additional reserves in the future could be limited by competition from other companies for attractive properties, the lack of suitable properties that can be acquired on terms acceptable to us or restrictions under our existing or future debt facilities. We may not be able to negotiate new leases or obtain mining contracts for properties containing additional reserves or renew our leasehold interests in properties on which operations are not commenced during the term of the lease. Also, requirements for environmental compliance may restrict exploration or use of lands that might otherwise be utilized as a source of reserves. 
 
 17 

Failure to effectively utilize or successfully assert intellectual property rights, and the loss or expiration of such rights, could materially adversely affect our competitiveness. Infringement of third-party intellectual property rights could result in costly litigation and/or the modification or discontinuance of our products. 
 
 We rely on intellectual property rights based on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our brands, products and packaging for our products. We cannot be certain that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own intellectual property rights or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions. We cannot be certain that these rights, if obtained, will not later be invalidated, circumvented or challenged, and we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions to assert our intellectual property rights or to defend those rights from assertions of invalidity. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the United States or in other countries, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties infringe our intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of our brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers associate with our brands and harm our sales. Accordingly, we have taken and may need to continue to take legal action in the future to protect our patents, trade secrets or know-how or to assert them against claimed infringement by others. Any legal action of that type could be costly and time consuming and no assurances can be made that any lawsuit will be successful. The failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, if our products are found to infringe intellectual property rights of others, the owners of those rights could bring legal actions against us claiming substantial damages for past infringement and seeking to enjoin manufacturing and marketing of the affected products. If these legal actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages from past infringement, we could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to manufacture or market the affected products, potentially adding significant costs. Similarly, we have asserted that products sold by our competitors infringe patents owned or licensed by us. We may not prevail in any action brought against us or we may be unsuccessful in securing any license for continued use and therefore have to discontinue the marketing and sale of a product. This could make us less competitive and could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The loss of any key member of our senior management team may impede the implementation of our business plans in a timely manner. 
 
 The execution of our business plans depends in part upon the continued service of our senior management team, who possess unique and extensive industry knowledge and experience. The loss or other unavailability of one or more of the key members of our senior management team could adversely impact our ability to manage our operations effectively and/or pursue our business strategy. No Company-owned life insurance coverage has been obtained on current team members. Further, in the event of a loss of a key member of our senior management team, it is uncertain whether COVID-19 and its impact may result in difficulties in recruiting and hiring for such positions. 

Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance 
 
 Environmental, health and safety matters create potential compliance and other liability risks. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulatory requirements relating to the environment and to health and safety matters. For example, our mining operations are subject to extensive governmental regulation on matters such as permitting and licensing requirements, workplace safety, plant and wildlife protection, wetlands and other environmental protection, reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining is completed, the discharge, storage and disposal of materials in the environment, and the effects that mining has on air or groundwater quality and water availability. We believe we have obtained all material permits and licenses required to conduct our present operations. We will, however, need additional permits and renewals of permits in the future. 
 
 The expense, liabilities and requirements associated with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations are costly and time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of exploration, mining or manufacturing operations. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant capital and operating expenditures and other costs, along with management focus and efforts, in complying with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. In recent years, regulation and enforcement of environmental, health and safety matters has grown increasingly stringent, a trend that we expect will continue. Substantial penalties and other costs may be imposed if we violate certain of these laws and regulations even if the violation was inadvertent or unintentional. Failure to maintain or achieve compliance with these laws and regulations or with the permits required for our operations could result in substantial operating costs and capital expenditures, in addition to fines and administrative, civil or criminal sanctions, third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, the issuance of injunctions to limit or cease operations, the suspension or revocation of permits and other enforcement measures that could have the effect of limiting our operations or otherwise requiring a change to our operations. Under the joint and several liability principle of certain environmental laws, we may be held liable for all 
 18 

remediation costs at a particular site and the amount of that liability could be material. In addition, future environmental laws and regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or extract our existing reserves or could require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant expenses in connection with our business. Furthermore, our reputation could be adversely impacted by the failure (or perceived failure) to maintain high environmental, health and safety practices for operations or negative perceptions of these practices in our industry or for our operations or products. There can be no assurance that future events, including changes in any environmental requirements and the costs associated with complying with such requirements, will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Government regulation imposes significant costs on us, and future regulatory changes (or related customer responses to regulatory changes) could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce and sell our products. 
 
 In addition to the regulatory matters described above, our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the mining, manufacture, packaging, labeling, content, storage, distribution and advertising of our products and the conduct of our business operations. For example, in the United States, some of our products, product claims, labeling and advertising are regulated by the Food and Drug Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Occupational Health and Safety Administration, the Mine Safety and Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and the Federal Trade Commission. Most states have agencies that regulate in parallel to these federal agencies. In addition, our international sales and operations are subject to regulation in each of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture, distribute or sell our products. There is increasing federal and state regulation with respect to the content, labeling, use, and disposal after use of various products we sell. Throughout the world, but particularly in the United States and Europe, there is also increasing government scrutiny and regulation of the food chain and products entering or affecting the food chain. 
 
 If we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas, we could be subject to loss of customers and to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls or asset seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting product demand, introducing new products, building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results. As a result of closures caused by government action taken in response to COVID-19, the Company experienced some delays in obtaining such permits and registrations for its products. While the Company has taken steps to mitigate such delays, there can be no assurances that there will not be further delays as governments and agencies continue to respond to the COVID-19 outbreak. Further, if applicable laws or regulations are changed or interpreted differently in the future, it may become more difficult or expensive for us to comply. In addition, investigations or evaluations of our products by government agencies may require us to adopt additional labeling, safety measures or other precautions, or may effectively limit or eliminate our ability to market and sell these products. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that current or future governmental regulation will not have a material adverse effect on our business or that we will be able to obtain or renew required governmental permits and registrations in the future. 
 
 We are also experiencing increasing customer scrutiny of the content and manufacturing of our products, particularly our products entering or affecting the food chain, in parallel with the increasing government regulation discussed above. Our customers may impose product specifications, certifications or other requirements that are different from, and more onerous than, applicable laws and regulations. As a result, the failure of our products to meet these additional requirements may result in loss of customers and decreased sales of our products even in the absence of any actual failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that future customer requirements concerning the content or manufacturing of our products will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We face risks to our domestic and international sales and business operations due to economic, political, regulatory and other conditions. 
 
 Unstable economic, political, regulatory and other conditions could adversely affect demand for our products or disrupt our operations in the United States and in international markets. International sales and operations are subject to currency exchange fluctuations, fund transfer and trade restrictions and import/export duties. In some cases, we may have difficulty enforcing agreements and collecting accounts receivable through a foreign country s legal system. We derived approximately 20 of our consolidated net sales from sales outside of the United States in fiscal year 2021. Further, an increase in inflation rates could affect the Company's profitability and cash flows, due to higher employment costs, higher operating costs, higher financing costs, and/or higher supplier prices. Inflation may also adversely affect foreign exchange rates. The Company may be unable to pass along such higher costs to its customers. In addition, inflation may adversely affect customers' operations. Both international and domestic operations are also subject to regulatory requirements and issues, including with respect to environmental matters. Any of these matters could result in sudden, and potentially prolonged, changes in domestic and international demand for our products. Further, ongoing developments in the U.S. political climate have introduced greater uncertainty with respect to tax policies, trade relations, tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and 
 19 

other countries. In particular, it remains uncertain what impact the continued COVID-19 pandemic and the reactions of governmental authorities and others thereto will have on international trade and what impact any changes in international trade will have on the economy or on the businesses of the Company and those of its customers and its suppliers. These developments, as well as the risks outlined above, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may incur adverse safety events or product liability claims that may be costly, create adverse publicity and may add further governmental regulation. 
 
 If any of the products that we sell cause, or appear to cause, harm to any of our customers or to consumers, we could be exposed to product liability lawsuits, heightened regulatory scrutiny, requirements for additional labeling, withdrawal of products from the market, indemnification obligations, imposition of fines or criminal penalties or other governmental actions. Any of these actions could result in material write-offs of inventory, material impairments of intangible assets, goodwill and fixed assets, material restructuring charges and other adverse impacts on our business operations. We cannot predict with certainty the eventual outcome of any pending or future litigation, and we could be required to pay substantial judgments or settlements against us or change our product formulations in response to governmental action. Further, lawsuits can be expensive to defend, whether or not they have merit, and the defense of these actions may divert the attention of our management and other resources that would otherwise be engaged in managing our business and our reputation could suffer, any of which could harm our business. 
 
 We may be subjected to increased taxes or fluctuating tax rates, which could adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 
 As a corporation operating in various jurisdictions around the world, we are subject to income and other taxes based upon the jurisdictions in which we operate and where our sales and profits are determined to be earned and taxed. Federal, state, and foreign statutory tax rates and taxing regimes have been subject to significant change and continue to evolve. Further, significant uncertainties exist with respect to the application of the various taxes to the businesses in which we engage, often requiring that we make judgments in determining our tax liabilities and worldwide provision for income taxes. 
 
 Our interpretation of current tax laws and their applicability to our business, as well as any changes to existing laws, can significantly impact our effective tax rate. In particular, the U.S. as well as jurisdictions around the world are considering or have enacted changes in relevant tax regulations and interpretations. Changes in income tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain revenues or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and profitability. In the U.S., various proposals, if enacted, could raise the U.S. corporate tax rate and increase the tax on non-U.S. income. Such unfavorable tax legislation could create the potential for added volatility in our quarterly provision for income taxes and could have a significant adverse impact on our future income tax provision and tax rate. Further, a number of factors may cause our effective tax rate to fluctuate, including: changes in tax rates in various jurisdictions, unanticipated changes in the amount of profit in jurisdictions in which the statutory tax rates may be higher or lower than the U.S. tax rate, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of various tax returns, increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, and changes in available tax credits or our ability to utilize foreign tax credits. We could experience an effective tax rate significantly different from that of prior periods or current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We are also subject to potential reviews, examinations, and audits by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities with respect to taxes within and outside of the U.S. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, unfavorable resolution of any tax audits and controversies could cause our tax liabilities to increase (including interest and penalties) and may have a significant adverse impact on our provision for income taxes and tax rate. Our effective tax rate is also influenced by the geography, timing, nature, and magnitude of transactions, such as acquisitions and divestitures, restructuring activities, and impairment charges. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 We cannot guarantee that that our share repurchases will enhance long-term shareholder value. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has previously authorized a share repurchase program. Under these authorizations, the Company has authority to repurchase both shares of our common stock and our Class B stock. The Company has undertaken repurchases of common stock on the open market (including pursuant to a 10b5-1 plan) and is also authorized to undertake repurchases in private, negotiated transactions. The Company has no obligations to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to 
 20 

acquire any specific number of shares. The timing, number and manner of share repurchases is determined by management and may depend upon a number of factors, including the trading price, market conditions, and the Company s liquidity needs and management of its spending. Further, the Company s share repurchases may be limited, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice (subject to the terms and conditions of the repurchase plan(s) in place at such time). The existence of a share repurchase program could cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock or otherwise affect stock price and or volatility. Additionally, our share repurchase program could diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to otherwise deploy such cash. There can be no assurance that these share repurchases will enhance shareholder value. 
 
 Our principal stockholders have the ability to control matters requiring a stockholder vote and could delay, deter or prevent a change in control of our company. 
 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share and the holders of our Class B Stock are entitled to ten votes per share; the two classes generally vote together without regard to class (except that any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation changing the number of authorized shares or adversely affecting the rights of Common Stock or Class B Stock requires the separate approval of the class so affected as well as the approval of both classes voting together). As a result, the holders of our Class B Stock exert control over the Company and thus limit the ability of other stockholders to influence corporate matters. Beneficial ownership of Common Stock and Class B Stock by the Jaffee Investment Partnership, L.P. and its affiliates (including Daniel S. Jaffee, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors) provides them with the ability to control the election of our Board of Directors and the outcome of most matters requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the amendment of certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, the approval of any equity-based employee compensation plans and the approval of fundamental corporate transactions, including mergers and substantial asset sales. Through their concentration of voting power, our principal stockholders may be able to delay, deter or prevent a change in control of our company or other business combinations that might otherwise be beneficial to our other stockholders. 
 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE rules and, as a result, qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 
 We are a controlled company under the New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Standards. As a controlled company, we may from time to time rely on exemptions from certain NYSE corporate governance requirements that otherwise would be applicable, including the requirements: 
 
 that a majority of the board of directors consists of independent directors; 
 that we have a nominating and governance committee comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 that we have a compensation committee comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 
 We have previously relied on these exemptions (although we are not currently relying on the first exemption listed above), and we intend to continue to rely on them in the future, as applicable. As a result, you may not have the same benefits and information available to stockholders of NYSE-listed companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. 
 
 The market price for our Common Stock may be volatile. 
 
 The market price of our Common Stock could fluctuate substantially in the future in response to a number of factors, including the following: 
 
 fluctuations in our quarterly operating results or the operating results of our competitors; 
 changes in general conditions in the economy, the financial markets, or the industries in which we operate; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances or joint ventures by us, our customers, suppliers or competitors; 
 introduction of new products or services; 
 increases in the price of energy sources and other raw materials; and 
 other developments affecting us, our industries, customers or competitors. 
 
 In addition, the stock market may experience extreme price and volume fluctuations that have a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may materially adversely affect our Common Stock price, regardless of our operating results. Given its 
 21 

relatively small public float, number of stockholders and average daily trading volume, our Common Stock may be relatively more susceptible to volatility arising from any of these factors. There can be no assurance that the price of our Common Stock will increase in the future or be maintained at its recent levels. 
 
 Future sales of our Common Stock could depress its market price. 
 
 Future sales of shares of our Common Stock could adversely affect its prevailing market price. If our officers, directors or significant stockholders sell a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market price of our Common Stock could significantly decline. Moreover, the perception in the public market that stockholders might sell shares of Common Stock could depress the market for our Common Stock. Our Common Stock s relatively small public float and average daily trading volume may make it relatively more susceptible to these risks. 
 
 Furthermore, i n response to recent public focus on dual class capital structures, certain stock index providers are implementing limitations on the inclusion of dual class share structures in their indices. If these restrictions increase, they may impact who buys and holds our stock. 
 
 Future dividends on our common stock may be restricted or eliminated. 
 
 Dividends are declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors, and future dividends will depend on our future earnings, cash flow, financial requirements and other factors, including market and economic conditions. We are not obligated to continue a dividend for any fixed period, and the payment of dividends could be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion and without prior notice. Although we have maintained our dividend despite the impact of COVID-19, there can be no assurance that we will continue to do so, particularly if the situation deteriorates. The amount and timing of any future dividends may vary, and the payment of any dividend does not assure that we will pay dividends in the future. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Technology failures or cyber security breaches could have an adverse effect on the Company's business and operations. 
 
 We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic information. For example, a significant portion of the communications between the Company's personnel, customers, and suppliers depends on information technology and we rely on access to such information systems for our operations. We cannot guarantee that the security measures in place will prevent disruptions, failures, computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, hacking, and other cyber-attacks or other privacy or security breaches in the information technology or phone systems of the Company, our customers or third parties, which could adversely affect our communications and business operations. Further, events such as natural disasters, fires, power outages, systems failures, telecommunications failures, employee error or malfeasance or other catastrophic events could similarly cause interruptions, disruptions or shutdowns, or exacerbate the risk of the failures described above. These risks may be increased as more employees work from home as part of our response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate, prevent or detect rapidly-evolving types of cyber-attacks and other security risks. Attacks may be targeted at us, our customers and suppliers, or others who have entrusted us with information. While the Company has policies and procedures in place, including system monitoring and data back-up processes to prevent or mitigate the effects of these potential disruptions or breaches, security breaches and other disruptions to information technology systems could interfere with our operations. Any failure to maintain, or disruption to, our information technology systems, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation, subject the Company to legal claims and proceedings, create risks of violations of data privacy laws and regulations, and cause us to incur substantial additional costs. There can be no assurance that existing or emerging threats will not have an adverse impact on our systems or communications networks and, further, technological enhancements to prevent business interruptions could require increased spending. Furthermore, security breaches pose a risk to confidential data and intellectual property, which could result in damage to our competitiveness and reputation. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with our global operations, we, from time to time, transmit data across national borders to conduct our business and, consequently, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation. Our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time. 
 
 Our enterprise resource planning system ERP is designed to accurately maintain our books and records and provide information important to the operation of our business. Any potential disruptions with the ERP system could affect our ability to process orders, ship product and send invoices. These difficulties could, in turn, negatively impact our financial results 
 22 

including sales, earnings and cash flow. Further development and maintenance of the ERP system will continue to require investment of human and financial resources, which may cause increased costs and other difficulties. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by a widespread threat to public health. 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic and many factors and uncertainties remain regarding the pandemic and its effects. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak and as jurisdictions have experienced resurgences in the spread of COVID-19, countries and local governments across the world implemented Shelter in Place, Safe at Home, quarantine or similar orders that restricted workforce and/or required closures of non-essential businesses along with restrictions on travel. Such restrictions and closures initially disrupted our sales office in China and has limited travel by our salesforce and delayed product shipments. While our facilities otherwise remained operational as essential businesses throughout the pandemic, there can be no assurances that we will not have to close facilities in the future due to concerns over the health and well-being of our employees, or as a result of government directives in response to COVID-19 or other public health threats. Further, while we have implemented policies and practices in accordance with CDC guidance, as well as other local health and governmental directives, to protect our employees at each of our locations, including sanitizing and cleaning protocols, social distancing, remote work, and suspending non-essential employee travel, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful in preventing health concerns from impacting our operations. The spread of a widespread threat to public health such as COVID-19 has currently had limited disruption and impact to our third party business partners, suppliers, service providers, and customers but no assurances can be made that future threats to public health will not have a more significant impact on our operations or results. 
 
 Although the disruptions, delays and modifications to our operations caused by COVID-19 have not had a material impact on our results of operations, there continues to be significant uncertainty relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and the responses thereto as well as the potential effects of the pandemic on our business which could negatively affect our costs, customer orders, and collection of accounts receivable, which may be material. In addition, the deterioration of worldwide economic conditions may impact the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, and commodity and energy prices, as well as demand for our products. Even as the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, we may experience adverse impacts to our business and financial results due to uncertainty regarding the ultimate duration of the pandemic (including increases in COVID-19 case numbers, the duration, scope and efficacy of measures taken by governments in response to the pandemic, the provision of and access to medical responses to the pandemic, and the impact of the pandemic on the economy, including any economic recession or depression that may occur as the pandemic continues to evolve, and due to any major public health crises that may occur in the future. Given the uncertainties related to the pandemic, including its continued duration and severity, we cannot reasonably estimate the scope of its impact on our employees, operations, suppliers, or customers, or the full extent to which COVID-19 and actions taken in response to the pandemic could continue to affect the global economy and our results. 
 
 We are subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings, including litigation in the ordinary course of business, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings, which may include but are not limited to those involving antitrust, tax, trade, environmental, intellectual property, data privacy and other matters, including general commercial litigation. Such claims and litigation are frequently expensive and time consuming (and could divert management s attention and resources) to resolve and may result in substantial liability to us, which liability and related costs and expenses may not be recoverable through insurance or any other forms of reimbursement and could also result in higher insurance costs. Additionally, the outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of these proceedings are often difficult to predict reliably. Various factors and developments can lead to changes in our estimates of liabilities. A future adverse ruling, settlement or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period. 
 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price. 
 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related SEC rules require that we perform an annual management assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and obtain an opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting. Our assessment concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 31, 2021 and we obtained from our independent registered public accounting firm an unqualified opinion on our internal control over financial reporting; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time in future periods. Further, as a result of COVID-19, a portion of our workforce has been and continues to work from home, so new processes, procedures, and controls could be required due to the changes in our business environment, which could negatively impact our internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we cannot assure that we will be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal control is necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and is important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports 
 23 

or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our Common Stock could drop significantly. 
 
 Failure to maintain a level of corporate social responsibility could damage our reputation and could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In light of evolving expectations around corporate social responsibility, our reputation or brand could be adversely impacted by a failure (or perceived failure) to maintain a level of corporate responsibility. In today s environment, an allegation or perception regarding quality, safety, or corporate social responsibility can negatively impact our reputation. This may include, without limitation: failure to maintain certain ethical, social and environmental practices for our operations and activities, or failure to require our suppliers or other third parties to do so; our environmental impact, including our mining operations and their impact on the environment; the practices of our employees, agents, customers, suppliers, or other third parties (including others in our industry) with respect to any of the foregoing, actual or perceived; the failure to be perceived as appropriately addressing matters of social responsibility; consumer perception of statements made by us, our employees and executives, agents, customers, suppliers, or other third parties (including others in our industry); or our responses to any of the foregoing. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 24 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 
 Real Property Holdings and Mineral Reserves 
 Land Owned Land Leased Land Unpatented Claims Total Estimated Proven Reserves Estimated Probable Reserves Total (acres) (thousands of tons) California 795 1,030 1,825 3,579 11,226 14,805 Georgia 3,851 1,593 5,444 33,731 22,675 56,406 Illinois 105 508 613 2,477 1,596 4,073 Mississippi 2,219 1,331 3,550 36,850 134,854 171,704 Nevada 535 535 23,316 2,976 26,292 Oregon 340 340 25 25 Tennessee 178 178 3,000 3,000 6,000 8,023 3,432 1,030 12,485 102,953 176,352 279,305 
 
 With the exception of our research and development center in Illinois, all properties contain clay reserves or are used in the processing of our clay. We mine sorbent minerals primarily consisting of calcium bentonite, attapulgite and diatomaceous shale which we refer to in the aggregate as clay, minerals, or Fuller s Earth. We use certified professional geologists and mineral specialists who prepared the estimated reserves of these minerals in the table above. See also Item 1 Business above for further information about our reserves. Apart from certain mines in Georgia, all of the properties in Mississippi, Georgia, California and Illinois are currently in active production and collectively produced approximately 781,000 tons of finished product in fiscal year 2021 and 756,000 in fiscal year 2020. Certain of our mines in Georgia are currently in development. Parcels of such land are also sites of manufacturing facilities operated by us. In addition, we own approximately one acre of land in Laval, Quebec, Canada, which is the site of the processing, packaging and distribution facility for our Canadian subsidiary. While we have reserves in Nevada, Oregon and Tennessee we are not actively mining these properties. 
 
 M INING P ROPERTIES 
 
 Our mining operations are conducted on both owned and leased land. The Georgia, Illinois and Mississippi mining leases generally require that we pay a minimum monthly rent to continue the lease term. The rental payments are typically applied against a stated royalty related to the number of unprocessed, or in some cases processed, tons of minerals extracted from the leased property. Many of our mining leases have no stated expiration dates. Some of our leases, however, do have expiration dates ranging from 2026 to 2097. We would not experience a material adverse effect from the expiration or termination of any of these leases. We have a variety of access arrangements, some of which are styled as leases, for manufacturing at facilities that are not contiguous with the related mines. We would not experience a material adverse effect from the expiration or termination of any of these arrangements. 
 
 Certain of our land holdings in California are represented by unpatented mining claims we lease from the Bureau of Land Management. These leases generally give us the contractual right to conduct mining or processing activities on the land covered by the claims. The validity of title to unpatented claims, however, is dependent upon numerous factual matters. We believe the unpatented claims we lease are in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local mining laws, rules and regulations. Future amendments to existing federal mining laws, however, could have a prospective effect on mining operations on federal lands and include, among other changes, the imposition of royalty fees on the mining of unpatented claims, the elimination or restructuring of the patent system and an increase in fees for the maintenance of unpatented claims. To the extent that future proposals may result in the imposition of royalty fees on unpatented lands, the mining of our unpatented claims may become economically unfavorable. We cannot predict the form that any such amendments might take or whether or when such amendments might be adopted. In addition, the construction and operation of processing facilities on these sites would require the approval of federal, state and local regulatory authorities. See Item 1A Risk Factors above for a discussion of other risks to our business related to our mining properties. 
 
 25 

M INING AND M ANUFACTURING M ETHODS 
 
 Mining and Hauling 
 
 We mine clay in open-pit mines in Georgia, Mississippi, Illinois and California. The mining and hauling operations are similar throughout the Oil-Dri locations, with the exception of California. The land to be mined is first stripped. The stripping process involves removing the overburden and preparing the site to allow the excavators to reach the desired clay. When stripping is completed, the excavators dig out and load the clay onto dump trucks. The trucks haul the clay directly to our processing plants where it is dumped in a clay yard and segregated by clay type if necessary. Generally, the mine sites are in close proximity to the processing plants; however, the maximum distance the clay is currently hauled to a plant is approximately 13 miles. 
 
 At our California mines, the clay is excavated and hauled to a hopper. An initial crushing and screening operation is performed at the mine site before the trucks are loaded for delivery to the processing plant. 
 
 Processing 
 
 The processing of our clay varies depending on the level of moisture desired in the clay after the drying process. The moisture level is referred to as regular volatile moisture RVM or low volatile moisture LVM ). 
 
 RVM Clay: A front end loader is used to load the clay from the clay yard into the primary crusher. The primary crusher reduces the clay chunks to 2.0 inches in diameter or smaller. From the crusher, the clay is transported via a belt conveyor into the clay shed. A clay shed loader feeds the clay into a disintegrator which reduces the clay to particles 0.5 inches in diameter or smaller. The clay then feeds directly into the RVM kiln. The RVM kiln reduces the clay s moisture content. From the RVM kiln, the clay moves through a series of mills and screens which further size and separate the clay into the desired particle sizes. The sized clay is then conveyed into storage tanks. The RVM processed clay can then be packaged or processed into LVM material. 
 
 LVM Clay: RVM clay is fed from storage tanks into the LVM kiln where the moisture content is further reduced. The clay then proceeds to a screening circuit which separates the clay into the desired particle sizes. 
 
 In addition, certain other products may go through further processing or the application of fragrances and additives. For example, certain fluid purification and animal health products are processed into a powder form. We also use a proprietary process for our engineered granules to create spherical, uniform-sized granules. 
 
 Packaging 
 
 Once the clay has been dried to the desired level it will be sized and packaged. Our products have various package sizes and types ranging from bags, boxes and jugs of cat litter to railcars of agricultural products. We also package some of our products into bulk (approximately one ton) bags or into bulk trucks. The size and delivery configuration of our finished products is determined by customer requirements. 
 
 26 

F ACILITIES 
 
 We operate clay manufacturing and non-clay production facilities on property owned or leased by us as shown on the map below: 
 
 Oil-Dri Plant Site Locations 
 Location Owned/Leased Function Blue Mountain, Mississippi Owned Manufacturing and packaging Chicago, Illinois Leased Principal executive office Coppet, Switzerland Leased Customer service office Jakarta, Indonesia Leased Office Jalisco, Mexico Leased Warehouse and office Laval, Quebec, Canada Owned Non-clay manufacturing and clay and non-clay packaging, sales Mounds, Illinois Owned Manufacturing and packaging Ochlocknee, Georgia Owned Manufacturing and packaging Ripley, Mississippi Owned Manufacturing and packaging Shenzhen, China Leased Sales office, customer service Taft, California Owned Manufacturing and packaging Vernon Hills, Illinois Owned Leased Research and development Wisbech, United Kingdom Leased Non-clay manufacturing and clay and non-clay packaging, sales, customer service 
 We have no mortgages on the real property we own. The leases for the locations listed above expire as follows: Shenzhen, China in 2025; Vernon Hills, Illinois in 2026; Wisbech, United Kingdom in 2032 and Chicago, Illinois in 2033. The leases for the Coppet, Switzerland; Jakarta, Indonesia; and Jalisco, Mexico offices are on a year-to-year basis. We consider that our properties are generally in good condition, well maintained and suitable and adequate to carry on our business. 
 27 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For a discussion of contingencies related to legal proceedings, see Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 Our mining operations are subject to regulation by the Mine Safety and Health Administration under authority of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended. Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 28 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our Common Stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol ODC. There is no established trading market for our Class B Stock. There are no shares of Class A Common Stock currently outstanding. See Exhibit 4.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our Common Stock, Class B Stock and Class A Common Stock. The number of holders of record of Common Stock and Class B Stock on September 30, 2021 were 696 and 23, respectively, as reported by our transfer agent. In the last three years, we have not sold any securities which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Our Board of Directors determines the timing and amount of any dividends. Our Board of Directors may change its dividend practice at any time. The declaration and payment of future dividends, if any, will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, legal requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. Our Credit Agreement with BMO Harris Bank N.A. BMO Harris and our Amended Note Agreement with Prudential requires that certain minimum net worth and tangible net worth levels are to be maintained. To the extent that these balances are not attained, our ability to pay dividends may be impaired. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about our note agreements. 
 
 Issuer Repurchase of Equity Securities 
 
 During the three months ended July 31, 2021, we did not sell any securities which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. The following chart summarizes our Common Stock purchases during this period. 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 1 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) For the Three Months Ended July 31, 2021 Total Number of Shares Purchased 2 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under Plans or Programs 3 
 May, 1 2021 to May 31, 2021 5,813 34.89 5,813 811,050 June 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021 811,050 July 1, 2021 to July 31, 2021 88 35.08 810,962 
 
 1 The table summarizes repurchases of (and remaining authority to repurchase) shares of our Common Stock. Our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of 300,000 shares of Class B Stock on March 21, 2018, however there have been no repurchases of Class B Stock for the three months ended July 31, 2021, and the authorized Class B Stock is not included in the table above. No shares of our Class A Common Stock are currently outstanding. Descriptions of our Common Stock, Class B Stock and Class A Common Stock are contained in Exhibit 4.1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. 
 
 2 The 88 shares of Common Stock in July 2021 represent shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes related to restricted stock awards. 
 
 3 Our Board of Directors authorized repurchase of 250,000 shares on June 14, 2012 and an additional 750,000 shares on March 11, 2019. These authorizations do not have a stated expiration date. The share numbers in this column indicate the number of shares of Common Stock that may yet be repurchased under these authorizations. Repurchases may be made on the open market (pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans or otherwise) or in negotiated transactions. The timing and number of shares repurchased will be determined by our management. 
 29 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included elsewhere herein. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause a difference include those discussed under Forward-Looking Statements and in Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 O VERVIEW 
 
 We develop, mine, manufacture and market sorbent products principally produced from clay minerals, primarily consisting of calcium bentonite, attapulgite and diatomaceous shale. Our principal products include agricultural and horticultural chemical carriers, animal health and nutrition products, cat litter, fluid purification and filtration bleaching clays, industrial and automotive floor absorbents and sports field products. Our products are sold to two primary customer groups, including customers who resell our products as originally produced to the end consumer and other customers who use our products as part of their production process or use them as an ingredient in their final finished product. We have two reportable operating segments based on the different characteristics of our two primary customer groups: the Retail and Wholesale Products Group and the Business to Business Products Group. Each operating segment is discussed individually below. Additional detailed descriptions of the operating segments are included in Item 1 Business above. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 O VERVIEW 
 
 Consolidated net sales increased approximately 21,754,000 or 8 in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. Consolidated income from operations in fiscal year 2021 decreased compared to fiscal year 2020 by 11,791,000. The decrease was driven primarily by the inclusion in fiscal year 2020 of a one-time receipt of 13,000,000 related to the licensing of one of our patents as further described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Excluding the aforementioned one-time receipt of 13,000,000 in fiscal 2020, operating income for fiscal 2021 was 10 greater than the prior year. Higher costs of sales in fiscal year 2021 due to rising commodity costs also accounted for the decrease in income from operations and was somewhat offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Consolidated net income was 11,113,000, or 1.57 per diluted common share, for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, a 41 decrease from net income of 18,900,000, or 2.65 per diluted common share, for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020. The decrease relates to the same factors decreasing income from operations noted above, partially offset by a decrease in pension service costs due to the freeze of our pension plan in fiscal year 2020 and lower pension and deferred compensation settlement costs as further described in Notes 8 and 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, fiscal year 2021 experienced lower income tax expense than fiscal year 2020 as further described in Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2021 and our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal year 2021 show a decrease in total cash and cash equivalents from fiscal year-end 2020 driven, in part, by certain one-time events. The decrease in cash is further described in Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 In late 2019 and early 2020, COVID-19 was first reported and then declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and continues to have a worldwide impact. While we saw changes to consumer purchasing patterns for certain products in response to the pandemic and certain increases in our costs arising out of the pandemic, its continued spread and accompanying effects, there has not, to date, been a significant impact to our business as a whole. All of our facilities, with the exception of our subsidiary in China (which experienced certain disruptions in the first half of our fiscal year 2020 but has subsequently resumed operations), have continued to operate as essential businesses as permitted under exceptions in the applicable shelter-in-place mandates due to our inclusion in the Critical Manufacturing Sector as defined by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other functions defined as essential by government authorities. Our top priority has been, and continues to be, the safety and health of our employees, contractors, and customers. We have adhered, and continue to adhere, to guidance from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC and local health and governmental authorities with respect to social distancing, physical separation, and enhanced cleaning and sanitation programs at each of our facilities. As a result, we have not experienced any shut downs due to workforce absences or illnesses. 
 
 30 

As further discussed below, our net sales increased in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 and represented an all time high for the Company. Despite the overall increase in net sales during fiscal year 2021, we have not experienced any significant issues collecting amounts due from customers to date. However, parts of our business continue to be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak. Net sales of our industrial and sports products declined during fiscal year 2020 as many businesses that typically use our products and sports fields shut down. As certain geographic areas are permitting broader re-openings and operations and reducing restrictions, we are starting to see a positive trend in that such businesses are increasingly re-opening, including sports fields. As a result, as discussed below in Retail and Wholesale Products Group, net sales of our industrial and sports products were higher in fiscal year 2021 than in fiscal year 2020 with net sales from our industrial products returning to pre-pandemic levels. In the long term, we foresee that our sports product sales will improve back to pre-pandemic volumes aided by the expected continued re-opening of baseball and softball at all levels. As discussed below in Foreign Operations, net sales for our industrial floor granules in the United Kingdom as well as our purification products were lower due to restrictions imposed by the United Kingdom government on business operations in response to later waves of outbreaks of COVID-19 as well as reduced travel. In addition, while net sales of our fluids purification products were higher in fiscal year 2021 than fiscal year 2020, COVID-19 has negatively impacted the sales of these products. Reduced travel and, to a lesser extent, our inability due to COVID-19 to participate in our customers' plant tests of our fluids purification products, and the continued closures of schools and restaurants in some parts of the world have continued to impede our sales. In addition, record cases of COVID-19 since the start of the pandemic in Asia and a second wave of COVID-19 starting in June of 2021 in China has somewhat hampered net sales of our animal health products, the extent to which we are monitoring closely. 
 
 Consolidated gross profit has not been significantly impacted by COVID-19. We did experience some delays of incoming materials from several suppliers due to COVID-19 during fiscal year 2021. However, it did not impact our ability to fulfill customer orders and we continue to monitor our suppliers. In general, our suppliers have either remained open or we have found new suppliers to meet the increase in consumer demand. While we have experienced a significant increase in transportation costs as discussed further below, including increased costs from truck loading delays, we have continued to meet the increase in customer demand for our products. In addition, we have been able to successfully navigate delays in overseas vessel deliveries of our products by increasing our safety stock as well as finding other providers. We have incurred additional employee compensation costs as a result of increased production to meet increased customer demand as well as additional cleaning and sanitation costs to comply with the CDC guidelines, but these costs did not have a significant impact on our consolidated gross profit. Further, we have adjusted our cleaning and sanitation efforts in response to the evolution of the pandemic and increasing vaccination rates, which has reduced these costs. In addition, we are still experiencing a decrease in travel costs as our employees have continued to travel at reduced levels during the ongoing pandemic. 
 
 We are closely monitoring the continuation, resurgence in certain areas, and effects of the outbreak of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business, including how it has, and may, impact our suppliers and customers as well as the effects of the pandemic on economic conditions and the financial markets. In general, we have seen an increase in costs particularly as it relates to commodities as the economy continues to react to, and recover from, the pandemic and demand surpasses supply. However, we have not experienced any significant interruptions, and we will continue to closely monitor our inventory levels to mitigate the risk of any potential supply interruptions or changes in customer demand. It is possible that significant disruptions could occur if the pandemic continues to put pressure on transportation and shipping as a result of an imbalance of supply and demand or if there are continued increases in costs that we are unable to recover. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, we revised our shipping terms with one of our significant customers to provide that freight charges are the responsibility of, and to be paid directly by, such customer and such costs will no longer be included in the prices we charge such customer. The impacts of COVID-19 and related economic conditions on our future results are uncertain at this time. The scope, duration and magnitude of the direct and indirect effects of COVID-19 continue to evolve (and in many cases, rapidly) and in ways that are difficult or impossible to anticipate. In addition, although COVID-19 did not materially impact our financial results to date, and because it remains uncertain whether and how consumers will modify their purchasing habits in response to COVID-19 or during the period of reopening as the pandemic abates in certain areas and continued or reduced government restrictions, these results may not be indicative of the impact that COVID-19 may have on our future results. See Part I - Item 1A - Risk Factors for additional discussion regarding the risks COVID-19 presents our business. 
 
 The impacts of COVID-19 to our specific operating segments are discussed below. 

31 

R ESULTS O F O PERATIONS 
 F ISCAL Y EAR 2021 C OMPARED T O F ISCAL Y EAR 2020 
 
 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
 
 Consolidated net sales in fiscal year 2021 reached an all-time high of 304,981,000, an increase of 21,754,000 or 8 , from net sales of 283,227,000 in fiscal year 2020. Net sales in both our Retail and Wholesale Products Group and Business to Business Products Group increased in fiscal year 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year as did net sales for each of our principal products by segment except for products sold by our subsidiary in the United Kingdom. Sales fluctuations by operating segment are further discussed below. 
 
 Consolidated gross profit in fiscal year 2021 was 65,241,000, a decrease of 3,465,000 from gross profit of 68,706,000 in the prior fiscal year. Our gross margin (defined as gross profit as a percentage of net sales) in fiscal year 2021 decreased to 21 from 24 in fiscal year 2020. As further described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we identified an error in our historical consolidated financial statements related to the classification of certain costs as selling, general and administrative costs that relate to the production of our inventory and should be classified as cost of sales. These costs relate primarily to our annual discretionary bonus and 401(k) employer match for our manufacturing teammates, teammate salaries for individuals in our support functions that spend a portion of their time related to our manufacturing operations such as IT, and other costs mostly related to consultants and outside services. Because the error was not material to any prior period interim or our annual financial statements, no amendments to previously filed interim or annual periodic reports were required. We have adjusted for this error by revising the historical consolidated financial statements presented herein. The impact to gross margin in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, on a manufactured ton basis, was 6.79 and 9.42, respectively. Aside from the reclassification of costs from selling, general and administrative expenses to cost of sales, higher domestic freight, packaging, natural gas, materials, and non-fuel costs per manufactured ton drove the decrease in gross profit in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. Freight costs per manufactured ton increased approximately 13 compared to the prior fiscal year as the result of higher transportation rates due to a national driver shortage and tight trucking capacity in part caused by the continued return of non-essential businesses. Our overall freight costs also vary between periods depending on the mix of products sold and the geographic distribution of our customers. Despite the tight trucking capacity, we have been able to continue to meet the increase in customer demand. Packaging costs per ton were approximately 19 higher compared to the prior fiscal year due, in part, to the mix of products produced driven by higher commodity costs, particularly as it relates to the resin used in our jugs and pails. Many of our contracts for packaging purchases are subject to periodic price adjustments, which trail changes in underlying commodity prices. The cost per manufactured ton of natural gas used to operate kilns that dry our clay was approximately 15 higher in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 due to the increase in natural gas prices. The increased gas prices in 2021 were driven, in part, by the limited supply created by record-low temperatures across the nation, which drove up demand, and supply was further limited across the country due to natural gas pipelines and wellheads freezing in southern regions in the United States. The limited supply coupled with high demand caused the increase in natural gas prices. In addition, non-fuel manufacturing costs per ton increased approximately 3 compared to fiscal year 2020 driven primarily by higher purchased materials. While we have experienced an increase in costs due to the reasons mentioned above, we anticipate being able to recover some of these rising costs through price increases. 
 
 Total selling, general and administrative expenses were 8 lower in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The discussion of each segment's operating income below describe the changes in selling, general and administrative expenses that were allocated to that segment, particularly the lower advertising costs in the Retail and Wholesale Products Group. The remaining unallocated corporate expenses in fiscal year 2021 included a lower estimated annual incentive bonus accrual for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The incentive bonus accrual was based on actual financial results achieved for the fiscal year and discretion by our Chief Executive Officer, in accordance with the incentive plan's provisions. Fiscal year 2021 also included lower pension service costs expense as the pension plan is frozen. In addition, as compared to fiscal year 2020, unallocated corporate expenses are lower in fiscal year 2021 because fiscal year 2020 included a legal contingency offset by a curtailment gain related to the termination of our Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP). See Notes 8, 9 and 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further description of our pension plan freeze, SERP termination, and legal contingencies. 
 
 Other income (expense), net in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 included approximately 600,000 and 2,000,000, respectively, of settlement expense under our pension plan as further described in Note 8 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, there were lower pension costs in fiscal year 2021 due to the pension plan freeze. 

32 

Tax expense for fiscal year 2021 was 2,388,000 (effective tax rate of 17.7 compared to 4,280,000 (effective tax rate of 18.6 in fiscal year 2020. The decrease in tax expense was driven by lower taxable income as well as certain employment related credits we were able to take advantage of and a tax deduction for foreign-derived income which further reduced our effective tax rate. See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our income taxes. 
 
 BUSINESS TO BUSINESS PRODUCTS GROUP 
 
 Net sales of the Business to Business Products Group for fiscal year 2021 were 110,120,000, an increase of 5,860,000, or 6 , from net sales of 104,260,000 in fiscal year 2020. Net sales increased in all product categories - agricultural and horticultural products; fluids and purification products; animal health products; and cat litter. The majority of this growth was the result of increased volume and to some degree, price increases that were implemented late in fiscal year 2021 for certain of our products. 
 
 Net sales of our agricultural and horticultural chemical carrier products increased approximately 19 or 4,149,000 in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The increase in net sales was attributable to increased sales to existing customers, particularly to one of our largest customers using our product in some of its re-formulated goods; the addition of several smaller new customers; an expected shift in timing of sales to one of our largest customers from the last three months of fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2021 due to that customer resuming its production schedule after it experienced various supplier delays due to COVID-19; and increased sales due to a new business application of our Agsorb product to an existing customer. Net sales of our fluids purification products increased approximately 1,334,000 or 3 in fiscal year 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year despite the negative impacts of COVID-19. We experienced sales improvement primarily in Latin and North America. A key driver of the net sales growth in Latin America related to timing of sales as one of our customers ordered more than usual to navigate potential delays in ocean freight shipments. Other drivers of the sales growth in Latin America related to new customers and increased sales to existing customers. Net sales in North America increased in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 due to an increase in air travel and more need for our jet fuel purification products as well as an increase in demand for our clay used for bio-diesel products. However, net sales have still been impacted by the oil quality in North America, which continues to be good and, accordingly, has reduced the need for our clay products. The increases in net sales to Latin and North America were partially offset by lower sales to Asia and to some degree, Europe. Reduced air travel due to COVID-19 has negatively affected the sale of our jet fuel fluids purification products in Asia and Europe. Sales to Asia also decreased in the fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 due to price competition. Net sales of our animal health and nutrition products were essentially flat during fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 as the increases in net sales of our animal feed additives in China and Asia were offset by the decreases in net sales in other countries, including Mexico. See Foreign Operations below for a discussion of net sales in China and Mexico. The increase in net sales in Asia as well as the decreases in net sales in other countries were primarily related to timing of net sales and the impacts of COVID-19. Net sales of our co-packaged coarse cat litter increased approximately 340,000 or 2 during fiscal year 2021 compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year due to timing of customer purchases. 
 
 The Business to Business Products Group s selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal year 2021 were approximately 8 or 805,000 higher compared to fiscal year 2020, but remained consistent as a percentage of sales. During fiscal year 2021, we made a concentrated effort to invest in our animal health business through increased sales personnel, leadership hires, and marketing of our animal health products which resulted in an increase in selling general and administrative expenses. This increase was partly offset by lower travel costs and less bad debt expense in fiscal year 2021. 
 
 The Business to Business Products Group s segment operating income for fiscal year 2021 was 25,086,000, a decrease of 3,351,000 or 12 , from operating income of 28,437,000 in fiscal year 2020. While net sales increased, this increase was offset by higher freight, packaging, natural gas, materials, and non-fuel costs per manufactured ton in fiscal year 2021 as discussed in Consolidated Results above as well as higher selling, general and administrative costs. In addition, as previously noted in Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the allocation of additional costs from selling, general and administrative costs to cost of sales decreased segment operating income in both fiscal years 2021 and 2020. 
 33 

RETAIL AND WHOLESALE PRODUCTS GROUP 
 
 Net sales of the Retail and Wholesale Products Group for fiscal year 2021 were 194,861,000, an increase of 15,894,000, or 9 , from net sales of 178,967,000 in fiscal year 2020 driven by both increases in net sales of our cat litter and our industrial and sports products. Total cat litter net sales increased 13,748,000 or 9 compared to the prior fiscal year with increased sales of both private label and branded scoopable litters as we gained business from new customers and from new items being sold to existing customers. Further, an increase in e-commerce sales, where the customer base differs from brick and mortar customers, continued to increase cat litter sales. In addition, the impact of COVID-19 on increased pet adoption continued to boost sales as well as the overall macro trend of increased spending on pets. Cat litter sales by our subsidiary in Canada further contributed to the sales increase, as discussed in Foreign Operations below. Also included in the Retail and Wholesale Products Group's results were increased sales of our industrial and sports products compared to fiscal year 2020. Net sales of our industrial and sports products increased approximately 2,689,000 or 9 in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, mainly driven by the re-opening of businesses and sports fields in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2021 in most, but not all, of the United States. Industrial floor absorbent sales by our subsidiary in Canada further contributed to the net sales increase in fiscal year 2021, as discussed in Foreign Operations below. To some extent, the increase in net sales for our Retail and Wholesale Products Group was also driven by price increases. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Retail and Wholesale Products Group were approximately 730,000 or 4 lower compared to fiscal year 2020. The decrease was driven mainly by lower advertising expense and to some extent, lower travel costs. The decrease was partially offset by higher personnel costs and commissions due to the increase in sales volume. 
 
 The Retail and Wholesale Products Group s segment operating income for fiscal year 2021 was 11,916,000, an increase of 393,000 or 3 , from operating income of 11,523,000 in fiscal year 2020. The higher sales and lower selling, general and administrative costs were partially offset by higher freight, packaging, natural gas, materials, and non-fuel costs per manufactured ton, as discussed in Consolidated Results above. In addition, as previously noted in Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the allocation of additional costs from selling, general and administrative costs to cost of sales decreased segment operating income in both fiscal years 2021 and 2020. 
 
 FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES 
 Foreign operations include our subsidiaries in Canada and the United Kingdom, which are included in the Retail and Wholesale Products Group, and our subsidiaries in China, Mexico and Indonesia, which are included in the Business to Business Products Group. Net sales by our foreign subsidiaries during fiscal year 2021 were 17,406,000, an increase of 2,186,000, or 14 , from net sales of 15,220,000 during fiscal year 2020. The increase relates chiefly to higher sales by our subsidiaries in Canada and China during fiscal year 2021. Cat litter sales for our subsidiary in Canada increased by approximately 1,521,000 or 28 during fiscal year 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year due to new product sales; higher sales to existing customers; in-store promotions; and pantry loading in eastern Canada due to a second wave of COVID-19 infections and lockdown restrictions during the first three months of fiscal year 2021. In addition to increased sales of cat litter, sales of our industrial absorbent granules in Canada increased by approximately 551,000 or 27 during fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 due to both price increases and the re-opening of distributors in the second half of the fiscal year 2021. Sales of our animal health products by our foreign operations also grew by 658,000 or 13 as higher sales for our subsidiary in China were somewhat offset by lower sales from our subsidiaries in Mexico and Indonesia. Net sales in China increased approximately 1,149,000 or 54 during fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. Despite the continued impacts of the African Swine Fever to pork consumption, sales of our animal health products in China were higher during fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 due to a new contract with an existing customer; increased sales to existing customers; winning back several previous distributors; the use of two new distributors; and implementing a concentrated sales and marketing effort. In addition, net sales for our subsidiary in China in fiscal year 2020 were lower due to the outbreak of COVID-19 that impacted the second and third quarters of that fiscal year. Net sales by our subsidiary in Mexico in fiscal year 2020 included a sale of equipment that did not recur in fiscal year 2021 which drove the decrease in net sales in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The increase in net sales of our cat litter and animal health products in fiscal year 2021 were somewhat offset by the decrease in our purification products from our subsidiary in the United Kingdom. Sales of industrial floor absorbents by our subsidiary in the United Kingdom increased marginally in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 over fiscal year 2020 but were still lower overall in fiscal year 2021 than 2020. The effect of COVID-19 lockdowns and restrictions on the industry in Europe has, to some extent, reduced demand for our products. The discontinuation by a customer of a product that used our clay granules also contributed to the decrease in sales of our subsidiary in the United Kingdom. Net sales by our foreign subsidiaries represented 6 of our consolidated net sales for both the fiscal years 2021 and 2020. 

34 

For fiscal year 2021, our foreign subsidiaries reported a net loss of 597,000, compared to a net loss of 1,308,000 in fiscal year 2020. The net loss in fiscal year 2021 was primarily driven by our continued investment in our subsidiary in Indonesia and higher selling, general, and administrative expenses to support increased sales for our animal health business. 
 
 Identifiable assets of our foreign subsidiaries as of July 31, 2021 were 12,572,000 compared to 12,586,000 as of July 31, 2020. 
 
 L IQUIDITY AND C APITAL R ESOURCES 
 
 Our principal capital requirements include: funding working capital needs; purchasing and upgrading equipment, facilities, information systems, and real estate; supporting new product development; investing in infrastructure; repurchasing stock; paying dividends; making pension contributions; and, from time to time, business acquisitions. During fiscal year 2021, we primarily used cash generated from operations to fund these requirements. Cash and cash equivalents totaled 24,591,000 and 40,890,000 as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contributing to the cash generated in fiscal year 2020 was 10,000,000 of borrowings in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020 as well as a one-time receipt of 13,000,000 related to licensing of certain of our patents. These receipts have since been used in our operations in fiscal 2021. See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about the one-time receipt and Note 3 for the borrowings. 
 
 To date, COVID-19 has not had a significant impact on our operations as a whole, and we anticipate cash flows from operations and our available sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements. In addition, we are actively monitoring the timing and collection of our accounts receivable. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of COVID-19, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs and to actively manage our spending. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain elements of our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal year (in thousands): 
 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 13,636 42,462 Net cash used in investing activities (18,830) (14,677) Net cash used in financing activities (11,322) (8,750) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 217 (7) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (16,299) 19,028 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 In addition to net income, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization and other non-cash operating activities, the primary sources and uses of operating cash flows for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 Non-cash stock compensation was 837,000 lower for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 due to several large awards of restricted stock fully vesting early in fiscal year 2021. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about stock-based compensation. 
 
 We recognized a curtailment gain on our Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP plan in fiscal year 2020 of 1,296,000, which is further discussed in Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. No such gain was recognized in fiscal year 2021 as the SERP was terminated in fiscal year 2020. 
 
 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts and cash discounts, were 5,808,000 higher at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020 due primarily to higher sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 than in the same period in fiscal year 2020. The same measure of accounts receivable was 411,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2020 compared to fiscal year-end 2019 due to lower sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020, an increase in our bad debt reserve for certain uninsured foreign receivables, and for two customers that were slow paying Fluctuations in accounts receivable balances were impacted in all periods by the timing of both sales and collections, as well as the payment terms provided to various customers in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Inventories were 518,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020 due primarily to higher sales of finished goods offset by increased packaging costs and a lower obsolescence reserve. Packaging costs increased due to 
 35 

anticipated sales demand as well as an increase in the underlying cost of packaging. The lower obsolescence reserve is attributable to our focus on inventory management. Inventories were 213,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2020 compared to fiscal year-end 2019 due to a higher obsolescence reserve and lower packaging cost. The higher obsolescence reserve and lower packaging inventories were attributable to our focus on inventory management and enhanced data available from our ERP system. Furthermore, finished goods and purchased materials inventories vary from year to year due to anticipated sales requirements and the mix of products expected to be produced. See Note 1 of the Notes of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Prepaid expenses were 4,067,000 higher at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020 driven primarily by prepayment of income taxes and insurance offset by lower prepaid advertising costs. Prepaid expenses were 949,000 higher at fiscal year end 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019 due to higher prepaid repairs. 
 
 Deferred income taxes, less provision for deferred income taxes, were 5,196,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020 and were 453,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2020 compared to fiscal year-end 2019. Deferred income taxes were lower at fiscal year-end 2021 due to pension and retirement benefits, accrued expenses, and bonus depreciation on fixed assets. Deferred income taxes were lower at fiscal year-end 2020 due to pension and postretirement benefits and accrued expenses. See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about income taxes. 
 
 Other assets were 544,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020 due to a reduction in our operating right of use lease asset for expiring leases partially offset by higher pre-production costs at certain of our mines. Other assets were 1,242,000 higher at fiscal year-end 2020 than fiscal year-end 2019 due to pre-production costs at our Georgia mine. 
 
 Accounts payable were 2,411,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020. Lower trade payables drove the decrease in accounts payable in fiscal year 2021 as well as income taxes payable being in a prepaid position versus a payable position at the end of the fiscal year 2021. Accounts payable were 4,238,000 higher at fiscal year-end 2020 compared to fiscal year-end 2019. Higher accrued income taxes due to higher net income and a higher effective tax rate drove the increase in fiscal year 2020 as well as higher freight payables due to the increase in sales. Changes in trade accounts payable in all periods are subject to normal fluctuations in the timing of payments, the cost of goods and services we purchased, production volume levels and vendor payment terms. 
 
 Accrued expenses were 4,097,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020 due mainly to a lower accrued annual discretionary bonus, as well as lower advertising expenses and real estate taxes somewhat offset by an increase in accrued freight and a reclassification of one of our accruals from long-term to short-term. The payout of the prior fiscal year's discretionary incentive bonus reduced accrued salaries in both fiscal years, but to a greater extent in fiscal year 2021 as the accrual was higher in the prior fiscal year. Accrued advertising expenses decreased in fiscal year 2021 more than fiscal year 2020 due to timing of our advertising programs. Accrued real estate taxes decreased based on lower real estate taxes for one of our facilities. These decreases were partially offset by the reclassification of the current portion of the deferred employer payroll taxes under the CARES Act, which is due by the end of calendar year 2021, as further described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and an increase in accruals for unvouchered freight. Accrued freight can vary with freight rates, timing of shipments, and production requirements. In addition, accrued plant expenses can also fluctuate due to timing of payments, changes in the cost of goods and services we purchase, production volume levels and vendor payment terms. Accrued expenses were 8,632,000 higher at fiscal year-end 2020 compared to fiscal year-end 2019 due primarily to accrued annual discretionary bonus, 401(k) employer match, advertising costs and an accrual for a legal contingency which is further described in Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These increases were partially offset by lower accruals for unvouchered freight. 
 
 Deferred compensation balances at fiscal year-end 2021 were 770,000 lower compared to fiscal year-end 2020 and fiscal year-end 2020 was 421,000 higher compared to fiscal year-end 2019. Deferred compensation balances were lower at fiscal year-end 2021 due to the termination and subsequent pay-out of one of our plans, the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as further discussed in Note 9 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Deferred compensation increased in fiscal 2020 because of higher deferrals by participants in our other deferred compensation plans. 
 
 Pension and other postretirement liabilities, net of the adjustment recorded in stockholders' equity, were 2,652,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020 due to reduced service expense related to the Pension Plan which was frozen in fiscal year 2020 as well as a higher discount rate and change in census data. These liabilities were 5,684,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2020 compared to fiscal year-end 2019 due primarily to the curtailment of our pension plan and a 8,000,000 voluntary contribution to our pension plan in excess of the minimum amount required. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our postretirement benefit plans. 
 36 

Other liabilities were 557,000 lower at fiscal year-end 2021 compared to fiscal year-end 2020. The decrease in Other Liabilities relates to a reduction in our operating lease liability, partly offset by an increase in our reclamation liability due to increased mining activity and an increase in deferral of employer taxes under the CARES Act as further described in Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Other liabilities were 1,120,000 higher at fiscal year-end 2020 compared to fiscal year-end 2019. The increase in fiscal year 2020 was due to a reclassification of the deferred lease liability to operating lease liabilities upon adoption of ASC 842, Leases . 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 18,830,000 in fiscal year 2021 and cash used in investing activities was 14,677,000 in fiscal year 2020. Cash used in fiscal year 2021 related chiefly to capital expenditures. T he increase in our capital expenditures in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 relates to purchases of equipment to support our increased mining and hauling activity. Cash used in fiscal year 2020 related primarily to the purchases of capital expenditures at levels comparable to fiscal year 2019. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 Cash used in financing activities was 11,322,000 in fiscal year 2021 and 8,750,000 in fiscal year 2020. The primary uses of cash in all periods were for long-term debt, dividend payments, and stock purchases offset by borrowings as further described in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other 
 
 Total cash and investment balances held by our foreign subsidiaries as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 were 3,054,000 and 3,042,000, respectively. See further discussion in the Foreign Operations section above. 
 
 On January 31, 2019, we signed a fifth amendment to our credit agreement with BMO Harris, which expires on January 31, 2024. The new agreement provides for a 45,000,000 unsecured revolving credit agreement, including a maximum of 10,000,000 for letters of credit. The remaining terms are substantially unchanged from our previous agreement with BMO Harris, including the provision that we may select a variable rate based on either BMO Harris prime rate or a LIBOR-based rate, plus a margin which varies depending on our debt to earnings ratio, or a fixed rate as agreed between us and BMO Harris. As of July 31, 2021, the variable rates would have been 3.50 for the BMO Harris prime-based rate or 1.38 for the LIBOR-based rate. The credit agreement contains restrictive covenants that, among other things and under various conditions, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or to dispose of assets. The agreement also requires us to maintain a minimum fixed coverage ratio and a minimum consolidated net worth. As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, we were in compliance with its covenants. As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings under this credit agreement. 
 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our outstanding notes payable and a discussion of the debt instrument that we entered into on May 15, 2020 pursuant to which, among other things, we issued 10,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of our 3.95 Series B Senior Notes due May 15, 2030 and entered into an amended note agreement that provides the Company with the ability to request, from time to time until May 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as provided for in the agreement), additional senior unsecured notes of the Company in an aggregate principal amount of up to 75,000,000 minus the aggregate principal amount of the notes then outstanding and the additional notes that have been accepted for purchase. The issuance of such additional notes is at the discretion of the noteholders and purchasers and on an uncommitted basis. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021, we had remaining authority to repurchase 810,962 shares of Common Stock and 278,250 shares of Class B Stock under a repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors (the Board ). Repurchases may be made on the open market (pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans or otherwise) or in negotiated transactions. The timing and number of shares repurchased will be determined by our management pursuant to the repurchase plan approved by our Board. In fiscal 2021 we made repurchases of stock as further discussed in Item 5, Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 We believe that cash flow from operations, availability under our revolving credit facility, current cash balances and our ability to obtain other financing, if necessary, will provide adequate cash funds for foreseeable working capital needs, capital expenditures at existing facilities, deferred compensation payouts, dividend payments and debt service obligations for at least the next 12 months. We spent approximately 1,023,000 less for advertising in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 and we expect advertising expense in fiscal year 2022 to be higher than in fiscal year 2021. Our expenditures for capital were higher in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The increased capital expenditures did not dramatically impact our cash position; however our cash requirements are subject to change as business conditions warrant and opportunities arise. 
 37 

We continually evaluate our liquidity position and anticipated cash needs, as well as the financing options available to obtain additional cash reserves. Our ability to fund operations, to make planned capital expenditures, to make scheduled debt payments, to contribute to our pension plan and to remain in compliance with all financial covenants under debt agreements, including, but not limited to, the current credit agreement, depends on our future operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors. The timing and size of any new business ventures or acquisitions that we complete may also impact our cash requirements. 
 
 O FF B ALANCE S HEET A RRANGEMENTS 
 
 We do not have any unconsolidated special purpose entities. As of July 31, 2021 we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. The term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with us is a party, under which we have: (i) any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest; or (ii) a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. 
 
 C RITICAL A CCOUNTING P OLICIES AND E STIMATES 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles of the United States U.S. GAAP ). We review our financial reporting and disclosure practices and accounting policies annually to ensure that our financial reporting and disclosures provide accurate and transparent information relative to the current economic and business environment. We believe that, of our significant accounting policies stated in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the policies listed below involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity. The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include income taxes, promotional programs, pension accounting and allowance for doubtful accounts. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 
 Income Taxes. Our effective tax rate on earnings was based on income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment was required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. 
 
 We determine our current and deferred taxes in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740 Income Taxes . The tax effect of the expected reversal of tax differences was recorded at rates currently enacted for each jurisdiction in which we operate. To the extent that temporary differences will result in future tax benefit, we must estimate the timing of their reversal and whether taxable operating income in future periods will be sufficient to fully recognize any deferred tax assets. 
 
 We maintain valuation allowances where it is likely that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the income tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, we take into account such factors as prior earnings history, expected future earnings and other factors that could affect the realization of deferred tax assets. 
 
 We recorded valuation allowances of 1,362,000 and 1,029,000 for the amount of the deferred tax benefit related to our foreign net operating loss carryforwards as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because we believe it is unlikely we will realize the benefit of these tax attributes in the future. 
 
 In addition to valuation allowances, we may provide for uncertain tax positions when such tax positions do not meet certain recognition thresholds or measurement standards. Amounts for uncertain tax positions are adjusted when new information becomes available or when positions are effectively settled. We did not record a liability for unrecognized tax benefits at either July 31, 2021 or 2020. See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 Trade Promotions. We routinely commit to one-time or ongoing trade promotion programs in our Retail and Wholesale Products Group. Promotional reserves are provided for sales incentives made directly to consumers, such as coupons, and sales incentives made to customers, such as slotting, discounts based on sales volume, cooperative marketing programs and other arrangements. All such trade promotion costs are netted against sales. Promotional reserves are established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. To estimate trade promotion reserves, we rely on our historical experience of trade spending patterns and that of the 
 38 

industry, current trends and forecasted data. While we believe our promotional reserves are reasonable and that appropriate judgments have been made, estimated amounts could differ from future obligations. We have accrued liabilities at the end of each period for the estimated trade spending programs. We recorded liabilities of approximately 1,260,000 and 1,843,000 for trade promotions as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Pension and Postretirement Benefit Costs. We calculate our pension and postretirement health benefit obligations and the related effects on results of operations using actuarial models. To measure the expense and obligations, we must make a variety of estimates including critical assumptions for the discount rate used to value certain liabilities and the expected return on plan assets set aside to fund these costs. We evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually. Other assumptions involving demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover, are evaluated periodically and are updated to reflect actual experience. As these assumptions change from period to period, recorded pension and postretirement health benefit amounts and funding requirements could also change. Actual results in any given year will often differ from actuarial assumptions because of economic and other factors. 
 
 The discount rate is the rate assumed to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the pension benefits when due. The discount rate is subject to change each year. We refer to an applicable index and the expected duration of the benefit payments to select a discount rate at which we believe the benefits could be effectively settled. The discount rate was the single equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as the plan s expected cash flows discounted with spot rates on a yield curve of investment-grade corporate bonds. The yield curve used in both fiscal years 2021 and 2020 was the FTSE Pension Discount Curve (formally called the Citi Pension Discount Curve). Our determination of pension expense or income is based on a market-related valuation of plan assets, which is the fair market value. Our expected rate of return on plan assets is determined based on asset allocations and historical experience. The expected long-term rate of inflation and risk premiums for the various asset categories are based on general historical returns and inflation rates. The target allocation of assets is used to develop a composite rate of return assumption. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 As further described in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we amended and froze participation in our pension plan and supplemental executive retirement plan in the second quarter of fiscal year 2020. The amendment of these plans triggered a curtailment, which required a remeasurement of the plans obligations. Both of these remeasurements were based on actuarially determined amounts. In addition, we offered terminated participants with vested benefits who have not yet begun receipt of benefits under the pension plan the opportunity to receive their pension benefits in a single payment (the Lump Sum Option ). We made payments to those participants in the pension plan who elected the Lump Sum Option by the May 15, 2020 election deadline. This settlement of a portion of the pension plan was recorded as settlement expense based on actuarially determined amounts in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020. The pension plan was further settled in fiscal year 2021 when we purchased an annuity. 
 
 Trade Receivables. We recognize trade receivables when control of finished products are transferred to our customers. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on our historical experience and a periodic review of our accounts receivable, including a review of the overall aging of accounts, consideration of customer credit risk and analysis of facts and circumstances about specific accounts. A customer account is determined to be uncollectible when it is probable that a loss will be incurred after we have completed our internal collection procedures, including termination of shipments, direct customer contact and formal demand of payment. We believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is reasonable; however, the unanticipated default by a customer with a material trade receivable could occur. We also record an estimated allowance for cash discounts offered in our payment terms to some customers. We recorded a total allowance for doubtful accounts and cash discounts of 1,174,000 and 1,078,000 as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of the contracts with customers are satisfied. Our performance obligation generally consists of the promise to sell finished products to wholesalers, distributors and retailers or consumers and our obligations have an original duration of one year or less. Control of the finished products are transferred upon shipment to, or receipt at, customers' locations, as determined by the specific terms of the contract. We have completed our performance obligation when control is transferred and we recognize revenue accordingly. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from net sales. Sales returns are not material nor are warranties and any related obligations. 
 
 Inventories. We value inventories at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Inventory costs include the cost of raw materials, packaging supplies, labor and other overhead costs. We perform a detailed review of our inventory to determine if a reserve adjustment is necessary, giving consideration to obsolescence, inventory levels, product deterioration and other factors. The review also surveys all of our operating facilities and sales divisions to give consideration to historic and new market trends. The inventory reserve values as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 were 641,000 and 926,000, respectively. 
 39 

Reclamation. During the normal course of our mining process we remove overburden and perform on-going reclamation activities. As overburden is removed from a mine site, it is hauled to a previously mined site and used to refill older sites. This process allows us to continuously reclaim older mine sites and dispose of overburden simultaneously, therefore minimizing the costs associated with the reclamation process. On an annual basis we evaluate our potential reclamation liability in accordance with ASC 410, Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations . As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, we have recorded an estimated net reclamation asset of 1,152,000 and 932,000, respectively, and a corresponding estimated reclamation liability of 2,965,000 as of July 31, 2021 and 2,554,000 as of July 31, 2020. These values represent the discounted present value of the estimated future mining reclamation costs at the production plants. The reclamation assets are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the various mines. The reclamation liabilities are increased based on a yearly accretion charge over the estimated useful lives of the mines. 
 
 Accounting for reclamation obligations requires that we make estimates unique to each mining operation of the future costs we will incur to complete the reclamation work required to comply with existing laws and regulations. Actual future costs incurred could significantly differ from estimated amounts. Future changes to environmental laws could increase the extent of reclamation work required. Any such increases in future costs could materially impact the amount incurred for reclamation costs. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets. We review carrying values of goodwill, trademarks and other indefinite-lived intangible assets periodically for possible impairment in accordance ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other. Our impairment review requires significant judgment with respect to factors such as volume, revenue and expenses. Impairment occurs when the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Our impairment analysis is performed in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and may be re-performed during the year when indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological changes, competitive activities and acts by governments and courts indicate that an asset may become impaired. Our impairment analysis performed in the fourth quarters of both fiscal years 2021 and 2020 did not indicate any impairment. We continue to monitor events, circumstances or changes in the business that might imply a reduction in value which could lead to an impairment. In addition, although we have not identified any triggering events relating to goodwill or our intangibles, the ultimate effects of COVID-19 could change this assessment in the future, as outlined under Item 1A, Risk Factors, discussed above. 
 
 N EW A CCOUNTING P RONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 848, Reference Rate Reform. This guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions to account for debt, leases, contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate if certain criteria are met. The guidance is effective immediately and may be applied prospectively to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated on or before December 31, 2022. We have debt agreements that reference LIBOR and to the extent that those agreements are modified to replace LIBOR with another interest rate index, ASC 848 will allow us to account for the modification as a continuation of the existing contract without additional analysis. We are currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 740, Income Taxes , which simplifies the accounting for income taxes. The guidance removes several specific exceptions to the general principles in ASC 740 and clarifies and makes amendments to improve consistent application of and simplify existing accounting for other areas in ASC 740. This guidance is effective for our first quarter of fiscal year 2022, with early adoption permitted. We have performed an initial analysis of the impacts of adopting this requirement and do not anticipate that it will be material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses , which requires companies to utilize an impairment model for most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other financial instruments, which include trade and other receivables, loans and held-to-maturity debt securities, to record an allowance for credit risk based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. In addition, this new guidance changes the recognition method for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities, which can occur as a result of market and credit risk, as well as additional disclosures. In general, this guidance will require modified retrospective adoption for all outstanding instruments that fall under this guidance. This guidance is effective for our first quarter of fiscal year 2023. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this requirement on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 A summary of all recently adopted and issued accounting standards is contained in Note 1 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 July 31, 2021 2020 ASSETS (in thousands) Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance of and 
 in 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaid repairs expense Prepaid expenses and other assets Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Office furniture and equipment Vehicles Gross depreciable assets Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net depreciable assets Construction in progress Land and mineral rights Total Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Other Assets Goodwill Trademarks and patents, net of accumulated amortization 
 of and in 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Customer list, net of accumulated amortization 
 of and in 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Deferred income taxes Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total Other Assets Total Assets 
 
 41 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (continued) 
 
 July 31, 2021 2020 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands) Current Liabilities Current maturities of notes payable Accounts payable Dividends payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses Total Current Liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and in 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Deferred compensation Pension and postretirement benefits Long-term operating lease liabilities Other Total Noncurrent Liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Equity Common Stock, par value per share, issued shares in 2021 and shares in 2020 
 Class B Stock, convertible, par value per share, issued shares in 2021 and shares in 2020 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Noncontrolling interest ) ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Pension and postretirement benefits ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) Less treasury stock, at cost Common and Class B shares in 2021 and Common and Class B shares in 2020) 
 ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 42 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Year Ended July 31, 2021 2020 (in thousands, except for per share data) Net Sales Cost of Sales (1) ) ) Gross Profit Other Operating Income (2) Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (1)(3) ) ) Income from Operations Other Income (Expense) Interest income Interest expense ) ) Foreign exchange loss ) ) Other, net (4) ) Total Other Income (Expense), Net ) Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense ) ) Net Income Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest ) ) Net Income Attributable to Oil-Dri Net Income Per Share Basic Common Basic Class B Common Diluted Common Diluted Class B Common Average Shares Outstanding Basic Common Basic Class B Common Diluted Basic Common Diluted Basic Class B Common 
 (1) See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about amounts included in this line item. 
 (2) See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about amounts included in this line item. 
 (3) See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about amounts included in this line item. 
 (4) See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about amounts included in this line item. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 43 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Year Ended July 31, 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net Income Attributable to Oil-Dri Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Pension and postretirement benefits (net of tax) Cumulative translation adjustment ) Other Comprehensive Income Comprehensive Income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 44 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Number of Shares (in thousands) Common Class B Stock Treasury Stock Common Class B Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Balance, July 31, 2019 ) ) ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income Dividends declared 
 ) ) Purchases of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Net issuance of stock under long-term incentive plans 
 ) ) Amortization of restricted stock Contributions from noncontrolling interests (1) 
 Balance, July 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Purchases of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Net issuance of stock under long-term incentive plans 
 ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock Balance, July 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) On April 1, 2020 we increased our interest in one of our non-wholly owned subsidiaries from to for approximately when that subsidiary issued shares through a capital call. Certain other noncontrolling interest holders also purchased shares but to a lesser extent, thereby diluting their collective ownership from to . 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

45 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year-Ended July 31, 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash stock compensation expense Provision for deferred income taxes ) Provision for bad debts and cash discounts Loss on the disposals of property, plant and equipment Curtailment gain on SERP Plan ) (Increase) decrease in: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories Prepaid expenses ) ) Deferred income taxes Other assets ) Increase (decrease) in: Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred compensation ) Pension and postretirement benefits ) ) Other liabilities ) Total Adjustments Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of notes payable Principal payments on notes payable ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year 
 
 46 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED 

Year-Ended July 31, 2021 2020 (in thousands) Supplemental disclosure: Other cash flows: Interest payments, net of amounts capitalized Income tax payments Noncash investing and financing activities: Capital expenditures accrued, but not paid Cash dividends declared and accrued, but not paid 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 

R ECLASSIFICATION 
 Certain amounts in the prior period financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the presentation of the current period financial statements. These immaterial reclassifications had no effect on the previously reported net income. 
 
 I MMATERIAL CORRECTION OF AN ERROR IN PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Subsequent to the issuance of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020, we identified an error in our historical financial statements related to the classification of certain costs as selling, general and administrative expenses relating to the production of our inventory that should be classified as cost of sales. These costs generally relate to our annual discretionary bonus and 401(k) employer match for our manufacturing teammates, teammate salaries for individuals in our support functions that spend a portion of their time related to our manufacturing operations such as IT, and other costs mostly related to consultants and outside services. 
 
 In accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections , we evaluated the materiality of the error from both a quantitative and qualitative perspective, and concluded that the error was immaterial to our prior period interim and annual financial statements. Since the error was not material to any prior period interim or annual financial statements, no amendments to previously filed interim or annual periodic reports are required. Consequently, we have adjusted for these errors by revising our historical consolidated financial statements presented herein. The revision to our historical consolidated financial statements did not result in any impact to our consolidated net income. ) ) Selling, General and Administrative Expenses ) ) 
 The related impacts to Inventory in our Consolidated Balance Sheets were not considered material and hence, were not adjusted. The effects of the corrections to our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Operating Segments were as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended July 31, 2020 Income As Previously Reported 
 Corrections As Corrected Business to Business Products ) Retail and Wholesale Products ) Corporate Expenses ) ) 
 48 

or less. 

Packaging Other Inventories 
 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value. Inventory costs include the cost of raw materials, packaging supplies, labor and other overhead costs. We performed a detailed review of our inventory items to determine if an obsolescence reserve adjustment was necessary. The review surveyed all of our operating facilities and sales groups to ensure that both historical issues and new market trends were considered. The obsolescence reserve not only considered specific items, but also took into consideration the overall value of the inventory as of the balance sheet date. We recorded inventory obsolescence reserves of approximately and as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The lower obsolescence reserve is attributed to our focus on inventory management. The other category of inventories includes a variety of items including clay, additives, fragrances and other supplies and decreased from July 31, 2020 due to increased production. Finished goods inventory decreased due to sales volume. Conversely, packaging inventories increased from July 31, 2020 due to anticipated sales demand as well as an increase in the cost of packaging. 
 49 

to years. Our customer list intangible asset is amortized at an accelerated amortization rate in the earlier years to reflect the expected pattern of decline in the related benefits over time. Intangible amortization was in fiscal year 2021 and in fiscal year 2020. Some intangible assets were determined to have indefinite lives and are not amortized, specifically one acquired trademark recorded at . 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 

Customer list Total intangible assets subject to amortization 
 
 We periodically review indefinite-lived intangibles and goodwill to assess for impairment. Our review is based on cash flow considerations and other approaches that require significant judgment with respect to volume, revenue, expenses and allocations. Impairment occurs when the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Much of our goodwill cannot be specifically assigned to one of our operating segments because of the shared nature of our production facilities; however, for purposes of our most recent impairment analysis we estimated the goodwill allocation and assigned to the Retail and Wholesale Products Group and to the Business to Business Products Group. 
 
 We performed our annual impairment testing in the fourth quarter of fiscal years 2021 and 2020. There was impairment required based on our analysis for fiscal years 2021 or 2020. We will continue to consider the need to re-perform impairment testing throughout the year when circumstances such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological changes, competitive activities and acts by governments and courts indicate that an asset may become impaired. In addition, although we have not identified any triggering events relating to goodwill or our intangibles, the ultimate effects of COVID-19 could change this assessment in the future, as outlined under Item 1A, Risk Factors, discussed above. 
 
 50 

and for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Pre-production overburden removal costs associated with opening a new mine during the development phase are deferred. Total pre-production costs, including the overburden removal costs, that were capitalized in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 were and respectively. Capitalized development costs are amortized when the sorbent material is removed from the mine and used to produce product for sale. At the end of fiscal year 2021, the amount of development costs that are being amortized is . 
 
 and , respectively, as of July 31, 2021, and were and , respectively, as of July 31, 2020. Any prepaid royalties that may be offset against future royalties due upon extraction of the mineral are also capitalized. Prepaid royalties included in current prepaid expenses and in non-current other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were approximately and as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 and , respectively, and a corresponding estimated reclamation liability of as of July 31, 2021 and as of July 31, 2020. These values represent the discounted present value of the estimated future mining reclamation costs at the production plants. Additional mining activity in fiscal year 2021 and disturbance of land accounts for the increase in the reclamation liability. 

and in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Major improvements and betterments are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of the applicable assets are expensed as incurred. Interest expense may also be capitalized for assets that require a period of time to get them ready for their intended use. There was capitalized interest in fiscal years 2021 and 2020. 
 - Machinery and equipment Packaging - Processing - Mining and other - Office furniture and equipment - Vehicles - 
 51 

impairment was recorded in either fiscal year 2021 or 2020. 
 
 in payroll taxes in calendar year 2020. The will be paid equally in the fourth quarters of calendar years 2021 and 2022; in 2021 and in 2022. The current portion of the accrual for these payroll taxes is included in Other within Accrued Expenses and the noncurrent portion of the accrual is included in Other within Noncurrent Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

and in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

and as of July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020, respectively. This liability is reported in Other Accrued Expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue recognized during fiscal year 2021 that was included in the liability for advance payments at the beginning of the year was . 
 52 

and for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in fiscal year 2021 relates to the increase in freight due to higher transportation rates from tight truck availability. 

and were charged to expense as incurred for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

53 

. This revenue is recognized at a point in time as it is considered functional intellectual property. 

54 

NOTE 2 
 
 reportable operating segments: (1) Retail and Wholesale Products Group and (2) Business to Business Products Group. These operating segments are managed separately and each segment's major customers have different characteristics. The Retail and Wholesale Products Group customers include mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstore chains, pet specialty retail outlets, dollar stores, retail grocery stores, distributors of industrial cleanup and automotive products, environmental service companies and sports field product users. The Business to Business Products Group customers include: processors and refiners of edible oils, petroleum-based oils and biodiesel fuel; manufacturers of animal feed and agricultural chemicals; distributors of animal health and nutrition products; and marketers of consumer products. 
 
 Industrial and Sports Agricultural and Horticultural Bleaching Clay and Fluids Purification Animal Health and Nutrition Net Sales 
 
 Retail and Wholesale Products Unallocated assets Total Assets 
 55 

Retail and Wholesale Products Net Sales Other Operating Income Corporate Expenses ) ) Income from Operations Total Other Income (Expense), Net ) Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense ) ) Net Income Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest ) ) Net Income Attributable to Oil-Dri 
 
 Foreign subsidiaries Sales or transfers between geographic areas: Domestic operations Foreign subsidiaries Income (Loss) before income taxes: Domestic operations Foreign subsidiaries ) ) Net Income (Loss) attributable to Oil-Dri: Domestic operations Foreign subsidiaries ) ) Identifiable assets: Domestic operations Foreign subsidiaries 
 
 Included within identifiable assets for our foreign subsidiaries is cash held at foreign banks of as of July 31, 2021. 
 
 Net accounts receivable as of July 31 
 
 There are no other customers with sales equal to or greater than 10 of our total sales. 

56 

NOTE 3 
 
 in each fiscal year 2021 through 2030. Interest is payable semi-annually at an annual rate of 
 Less current maturities of notes payable ) ) Less unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Noncurrent notes payable 
 
 We issued senior promissory notes in November 2010 for . The note agreement provided that the proceeds could be used to fund future principal payments on debt, acquisitions, stock repurchases, capital expenditures, and working capital purposes. The note agreement contained restrictions against certain activities, among other things and under various conditions, further described below, these notes were amended in May 2020 and paid in full in July 2020. 
 
 On May 15, 2020 (the Effective Date ), we entered into an Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement (the Amended and Restated Note Agreement with PGIM, Inc. Prudential and certain existing noteholders and purchasers affiliated with Prudential named therein. The Amended Note Agreement amends and restates the Note Agreement between Oil-Dri, Prudential and certain existing noteholders named therein, dated as of November 12, 2010 (the Prior Note Agreement ), under which our Series A Senior Notes (the Series A Notes were previously issued in an original aggregate principal amount of . 
 
 Pursuant to the Amended Note Agreement, (i) the Series A Notes, in an aggregate principal amount of as of immediately prior to the Effective Date, were paid in full in July 2020 and (ii) we issued in aggregate principal amount of our Series B Senior Notes due May 15, 2030 (the Series B Notes ). In addition, the Amended Note Agreement provided us with the ability to request, from time to time until May 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as provided for in the Amended Note Agreement), that Prudential affiliate(s) purchase, at Prudential s discretion and on an uncommitted basis, additional senior unsecured notes of Oil-Dri (the Shelf Notes, and collectively with the Series A Notes and Series B Notes, the Notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to minus the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding and Shelf Notes that have been accepted for purchase. Interest payable on any Shelf Note agreed to be purchased under the Amended Note Agreement will be at a rate determined by Prudential and will mature not more than fifteen years after the date of original issue of such Shelf Note. 
 
 Like the Prior Note Agreement, the Amended Note Agreement is guaranteed, on an unsecured basis, by certain U.S. subsidiaries of Oil-Dri, and contains customary covenants, including but not limited to, limitations on our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, engage in mergers, and sell or transfer assets and stock, as well as financial covenants, including a minimum fixed charges coverage ratio and consolidated debt ratio that remain the same as those contained in the Prior Note Agreement. Upon the occurrence of certain events of default, our obligations under the Amended Note Agreement may be accelerated. Such events of default include payment defaults, covenant defaults and other enumerated defaults. 
 
 We have a credit agreement with BMO Harris that expires on . The agreement provides for a unsecured revolving credit agreement, including a maximum of for letters of credit. Under the credit agreement, we may select a variable rate based on either BMO Harris prime rate or a LIBOR-based rate, plus a margin which varies depending on our debt to earnings ratio, or a fixed rate as agreed between us and BMO Harris. As of July 31, 2021, the variable rates would have been for the BMO Harris prime-based rate or for the LIBOR-based rate. 
 
 As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, there were outstanding borrowings under this credit agreement. However, we had outstanding letters of credit of and as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, under this agreement. 
 
 The credit agreement contains restrictive covenants that, among other things and under various conditions, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or to dispose of assets. The agreement also requires us to maintain a minimum fixed coverage ratio, a minimum consolidated net worth and a minimum consolidated debt ratio. Our debt agreements also contain provisions such that if we default on one debt agreement, the others will automatically default. If we default on any guaranteed debt with a balance greater than , our unsecured revolving credit agreement with BMO Harris will be considered in 
 57 

we will also be considered in default with the senior promissory notes. We were in compliance with all restrictive covenants and limitations as of July 31, 2021. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 

NOTE 4 

Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2: Observable market-based inputs for similar assets or liabilities or valuation models whose inputs are observable, directly or indirectly. 
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs. 
 
 Cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they were valued using quoted market prices in active markets. There were cash equivalents as of July 31, 2021 and cash equivalents of as of July 31, 2020. These cash instruments are primarily money market funds and are included in cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Accounts receivable and accounts payable balances on the Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate their fair values as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 due to the short maturity and nature of those balances. 
 
 Notes payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are carried at the face amount of future maturities. The estimated fair value of notes payable was approximately as of July 31, 2021 and as of July 31, 2020. The fair value was estimated using the exit price notion of fair value and is classified as Level 2. The increase in fair value is attributable to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement entered into in May 2020. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the new debt. 
 
 We apply fair value techniques on at least an annual basis associated with: (1) valuing potential impairment loss related to goodwill, trademarks and other indefinite-lived intangible assets and (2) valuing potential impairment loss related to long-lived assets. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 

58 

NOTE 5 
 Foreign State Current Income Tax Total ) Deferred Federal ) Foreign ) ) State Deferred Income Tax Total ) Total Income Tax Expense 

Depletion deductions allowed for mining ) ) State income tax expense, net of federal tax expense Nondeductible Officer Compensation Tax Credits ) ) Statutory rate change of foreign subsidiaries ) Valuation Allowance - Foreign Foreign Tax Differential ) ) Prior year income taxes ) ) Other ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 The U.S. effective tax rate for the year ended July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020 were and , based on income before taxes. The items impacting the effective tax rate were permanent items, return to provision adjustments, a deferred tax asset true-up and an increase in the foreign valuation allowance. The tax impact of the items comprising the permanent adjustments primarily consisted of depletion, stock-based compensation and tax credits. 

59 

Deferred compensation Postretirement benefits Goodwill Lease right of use assets Lease liabilities Allowance for doubtful accounts Deferred marketing expenses Other assets Accrued expenses Tax credits Amortization Inventories Depletion Stock-based compensation Reclamation Other liabilities - foreign Other assets foreign Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred taxes 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities for depreciation increased due to the election of bonus depreciation that the Company took in fiscal year 2021. Deferred tax assets for post retirement benefits were affected by the freeze of our pension plan as well as the Lump Sum Option both of which significantly reduced our pension liability. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about postretirement benefits. Deferred tax assets and liabilities related to lease decreased as leases are expiring. Deferred tax assets for accrued expenses reflected a lower accrual for the annual discretionary bonus. 
 
 We recorded a valuation allowance of and as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for the amount of the deferred tax benefit related to our foreign net operating loss carryforwards since we believe it is unlikely we will realize the benefit of these tax attributes in the future. As of July 31, 2021, we have total net operating loss carryforwards from state jurisdictions of approximately . The carryforward expiration dates vary by state. No valuation allowance has been established for these carryforwards since we expect our future profitability will allow us to fully realize these tax benefits. 
 
 With the exception of our foreign subsidiary in Canada, none of our foreign subsidiaries have generated any untaxed foreign income, therefore we have not provided for any related income taxes for these subsidiaries. 
 
 We had material liability for unrecognized tax benefits based on tax positions related to the current and prior fiscal years as of July 31, 2021 and 2020; correspondingly, related interest and penalties were recognized as income tax expense and there were accruals for such items in either of these fiscal years. 
 
 We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. We have no income tax returns under examination as of July 31, 2021 and federal tax returns for fiscal years 2018-2020 remain open for examination. Foreign and U.S. state jurisdictions have statutes of limitations generally ranging from three to . The state impact of any federal income tax changes remains subject to examination by various states for a period of up to one year after formal notification to the states. There are a limited number of open state and local income tax audits in which no material issues have been preliminarily identified. There are no material open or unsettled foreign income tax audits. We believe our accrual for tax liabilities is adequate for all open audit years. 
 60 

NOTE 6 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) a) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax b) Curtailment/Settlement on Pension Plan c) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of July 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax a) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax b) Settlement on Pension Plan c) Net current-period other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance as of July 31, 2021 ) ) 
 
 a) Amounts are net of taxes of and in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Other Comprehensive Loss. 
 b) Amounts are net of taxes of and in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amounts are included in the components of net periodic benefit cost for the pension and postretirement health plans. 
 c) Amount is net of taxes of and in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amounts are included in the components of net periodic benefit cost for the pension and postretirement health plans. 
 
 See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about pension and postretirement health benefits. 

NOTE 7 
 
 . As of July 31, 2021, there were shares available for future grants under this plan. 
 
 RESTRICTED S TOCK 
 
 All non-vested restricted stock as of July 31, 2021 was issued under the 2006 Plan with vesting periods generally from two to . 
 61 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested restricted stock outstanding at July 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested restricted stock outstanding at July 31, 2021 
 
 Stock-based compensation for restricted stock of and , net of related tax effect, was recognized in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total restricted stock compensation related tax benefit was and in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 8 
 
 , which was recorded in Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes of in the second quarter of fiscal year 2020. During the third quarter of fiscal 2020 we offered terminated participants with vested benefits who have not yet begun receipt of benefits under the Plan the opportunity to receive their pension benefits in a single payment (the Lump Sum Option ). We made payments in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020 to those participants who elected the Lump Sum Option by the May 15, 2020 election deadline. The settlement expense was and was recorded net of tax in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. On May 4, 2021 we purchased an annuity for which decreased both our projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets and resulted in no change in the funded status of the pension plan. The settlement expense related to the annuity purchase was and was recorded net of tax in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 A postretirement health benefits plan is also provided to domestic salaried employees who meet specific age, participation and length of service requirements at the time of retirement. Eligible employees may elect to continue their health care coverage under the Oil-Dri Corporation of America Employee Benefits Plan until the date certain criteria are met, including attaining the age of Medicare eligibility. We have the right to modify or terminate the postretirement health benefit plan at any time. 
 
 A 401(k) savings plan is maintained under which we match a portion of employee contributions. This plan is available to essentially all domestic employees following a specific number of days of employment. Our contributions to this plan, and to similar plans maintained by our foreign subsidiaries, were and for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. During fiscal year 2020, we changed the percentage of employer matching contributions from of every employee dollar contributed up to of earnings to of every employee dollar contributed up to of earnings. 
 
 62 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain)/loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Curtailments ) Settlements ) ) Benefit obligation, end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year Actual return on plan assets Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year Funded status, recorded in Consolidated Balance Sheets ) ) ) ) 
 
 The change in actuarial (gain)/loss from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2021 relates to a change in discount rate as well as actual participant demographic experience vs. assumed experience. 
 
 See Cash Flows below for further information about employer contributions and benefits payments. 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the Pension Plan was and as of July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Other current liabilities ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss net of tax: Net actuarial loss 
 
 63 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of: Prior service costs (income) ) ) Other actuarial loss Settlement cost Net periodic benefit cost ) 
 Service cost is recorded in Other, net within Other Income (Expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As the pension plan is frozen, there was no service cost recorded in fiscal year 2021. 
 ) Amortization of: Prior service income Amortization of actuarial loss ) ) ) Curtailment/Settlement ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) ) 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 We have funded the Pension Plan based upon actuarially determined contributions that take into account the amount deductible for income tax purposes, the normal cost and the minimum contribution required and the maximum contribution allowed under applicable regulations. During fiscal year 2020, we made two voluntary contributions for and in excess of the minimum required amount. The voluntary contributions improved our funded status and contributed to a lower net periodic benefit expense. We made contributions in fiscal year 2021 and we do expect to make a contribution to the Pension Plan in fiscal year 2022. The postretirement health plan is an unfunded plan. Our policy is to pay health insurance premiums and claims from our assets. 
 
 64 

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027-31 
 
 Assumptions 
 
 Our pension benefit and postretirement health benefit obligations and the related effects on operations are calculated using actuarial models. Critical assumptions that are important elements of plan expenses and asset/liability measurements include discount rate and expected return on assets for the Pension Plan and health care cost trend for the postretirement health plan. We evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually. Other assumptions involving demographic factors such as retirement age, mortality and turnover are evaluated periodically and are updated to reflect our experience and to meet regulatory requirements. Actual results in any given year will often differ from actuarial assumptions because of economic and other factors. 
 Discount rate for year-end obligations Rate of increase in compensation levels for net periodic benefit costs Rate of increase in compensation levels for year-end obligations Long-term expected rate of return on assets 
 
 The discount rate was based on the FTSE Pension Discount Curve to determine separately for the Pension Plan and the postretirement health plan, the single equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as the specific plan s expected cash flows. 
 
 Our expected rate of return on Pension Plan assets is determined by our asset allocation, our historical long-term investment performance, our estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries, investment managers and investment advisors), and long-term inflation assumptions. 
 
 For fiscal year 2021, the medical cost trend assumption used for the postretirement health benefit cost was . The graded trend rate is expected to decrease to an ultimate rate of in fiscal year . 
 
 Pension Plan Assets 
 
 The investment objective for the Pension Plan assets is to optimize long-term return at a moderate level of risk in order to secure the benefit obligations to participants at a reasonable cost. To reach this goal, our investment structure includes various asset classes, asset allocations and investment management styles that, in total, have a reasonable likelihood of producing a sufficient level of overall diversification that balances expected return with expected risk over the long-term. The Pension Plan does not invest directly in Company stock. 
 
 65 

Fixed income Equity 
 
 In anticipation of the Lump Sum Option payments we adjusted our asset allocation in fiscal year 2020 and reverted back to our historical asset allocations in fiscal year 2021. 
 
 The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy, the Pension Plan's assets carried at fair value (in thousands): 
 Fair Value At July 31, 2021 Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Asset Class Cash and cash equivalents (a) 
 Equity securities (b) : 
 U.S. companies International companies Equity securities - international mutual funds: Developed market (c) 
 Emerging markets (d) 
 Commodities (e) 
 Fixed Income: U.S. Treasuries Debt securities (f) 
 Government sponsored entities (g) 
 Multi-strategy bond fund (h) 
 Money market fund (i) 
 Other (j) 
 Total 
 66 

Equity securities (b) : 
 U.S. companies International companies Equity securities - international mutual funds: Developed market (c) 
 Emerging markets (d) 
 Commodities (e) 
 Fixed Income: U.S. Treasuries Debt securities(f) Government sponsored entities (g) 
 Multi-strategy bond fund (h) 
 Money market fund (i) 
 Other (j) 
 Total 
 
 (a) Cash and cash equivalents consists of highly liquid investments which are traded in active markets. 
 (b) This class represents equities traded on regulated exchanges, as well as funds that invest in a portfolio of such stocks. 
 (c) These mutual funds seek long-term capital growth by investing no less than of their assets in stocks of non- U.S. companies that are primarily in developed markets, but also may invest in emerging and less developed markets. 
 (d) These mutual funds seek to track the performance of a benchmark index that measures the investment return of stock issued by companies located in emerging market countries. 
 (e) These investments seek attractive total return by investing primarily in a diversified portfolio of commodity futures contracts and fixed income investments. 
 (f) This class includes bonds and loans of U.S. and non-U.S. corporate issuers from diverse industries and bonds of domestic and foreign municipalities. 
 (g) This class represents a beneficial ownership interest in a pool of single-family residential mortgage loans. These investments are generally not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government, except for securities valued at in our portfolio as of July 31, 2021 and as of July 31, 2020. 
 (h) This class invests at least 80 of its net assets in bonds and other fixed income instruments issued by governmental or private-sector entities. More than 50 of its net assets are invested in asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities. The fund may invest up to 20 of its net assets in securities below investment grade. 
 (i) These money market mutual funds seek to provide current income consistent with liquidity and stability of principal by investing in a diversified portfolio of high quality, short-term, dollar-denominated debt securities. These funds may include securities issued or guaranteed as to principal and interest by the U.S. government or its agencies, short-term securities issued by domestic or foreign banks, domestic and dollar-denominated foreign commercial papers, and other short-term corporate obligations and obligations issued or guaranteed by one or more foreign governments. 
 (j) This class includes funds that use a number of other strategies, including arbitrage, to obtain long-term positive returns. The portfolio of instruments may include equities, debt securities, real estate properties, warrants, options, swaps, future contracts, forwards or other types of derivative instruments. 

67 

NOTE 9 
 and into these plans in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. We recorded and of interest expense associated with these plans in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Payments to participants were and in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the total liability recorded for deferred compensation was and as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Oil-Dri Corporation of America Annual Incentive Plan provides certain executives with the opportunity to receive a deferred executive bonus award if certain financial goals are met. executive bonus was awarded for fiscal year 2021 as financial targets under the provisions of the plan were not achieved. was awarded to certain executives for fiscal year 2020. These awards will vest and accrue interest over a period. 
 
 Our deferred compensation plans are unfunded. We fund these benefits when payments are made, and the timing and amount of the payments are determined according to the plans' provisions and, for certain plans, according to individual employee agreements. 
 
 Our SERP, which was terminated in fiscal year 2020, provided certain retired participants in the Pension Plan with the amount of benefits that would have been provided under the Pension Plan but for: (1) the limitations on benefits imposed by Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code Code ), and/or (2) the limitation on compensation for purposes of calculating benefits under the Pension Plan imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code. The SERP liability was actuarially determined at the end of each fiscal year using assumptions similar to those used for the Pension Plan, see Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The SERP liability was as of July 31, 2020, and we recorded expense related to the SERP of in fiscal year 2020. On January 9, 2020, we amended the SERP to freeze participation and any excess benefit, supplemental benefit or additional benefit effective March 1, 2020. Consequently, the SERP was closed to new participants and current participants no longer earned additional benefits on or after March 1, 2020. The amendment of the SERP triggered a curtailment which required a remeasurement of the SERP's obligation. The remeasurement resulted in a decrease in the SERP liability and recognition of a curtailment gain of approximately in fiscal year 2020, which was recorded in Selling, General Administrative Expenses. Subsequent to the curtailment, the SERP was terminated effective June 30, 2020 and all participants were paid in the form of one lump sum in July 2021. 

Trade promotions and advertising Freight Real Estate Tax Other 
 
 The decrease in salaries, wages, commissions and employee benefits relates primarily to the payment of annual discretionary bonuses related to fiscal year 2020 during the first quarter of fiscal year 2021 and a lower discretionary bonus as of the end of fiscal year 2021. The accrual for trade promotions and advertising is lower at July 31, 2021 than at July 31, 2020 due to a shift in timing of advertising programs and expense. Freight rates increased during fiscal year 2021 resulting in a higher accrual at July 31, 2021 than at July 31, 2020. Accrued real estate tax at July 31, 2021 is lower than at July 31, 2020 due to timing of payments as well as an adjustment to account for lower real estate taxes for one of our facilities. 

NOTE 11 
 68 

NOTE 12 

Short-term operating lease cost 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in thousands): 
 
 For the Twelve Months Ended July 31, For the Twelve Months Ended July 31, 2021 2020 Other Information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are separately presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, excluding leases with an initial term of twelve months or less. Other supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 For the Twelve Months Ended July 31, For the Twelve Months Ended July 31, 2021 2020 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

69 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Less: imputed interest ) Net lease obligation 

NOTE 13 

NOTE 14 
 
 and for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. There was of outstanding accounts receivable due from that customer, and its subsidiaries, as of July 31, 2021 and outstanding accounts receivable as of July 31, 2020. 
 
 One member of our Board of Directors is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of a vendor of ours. Total payments to this vendor for fees and cost reimbursements were and for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were outstanding amounts due to that vendor as of July 31, 2021 or July 31, 2020. 

70 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15f. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 31, 2021. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our internal controls over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021 have been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears on the next page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

71 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Oil-Dri Corporation of America 
 
 Opinions on the financial statements and internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended July 31, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended July 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

72 

Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Annual goodwill impairment analysis 
 
 As described further in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 9,262,000 as of July 31, 2021 and the goodwill assigned to the Retail and Wholesale Products Group and Business to Business Products Group was 5,497,000 and 3,765,000, respectively. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may be impaired. We identified the Company s annual goodwill impairment analysis of both of the Company s reporting units as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the annual goodwill impairment analysis is a critical audit matter are that the significant estimates and assumptions made by management involve subjectivity and judgment in determining the fair value of the reporting units using the discounted future cash flows valuation technique. The reporting unit discounted future cash flows include certain management assumptions that are complex and have a higher degree of estimation uncertainty and changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the results of the impairment analysis. These assumptions include forward-looking projections related to volume, revenue, and expenses as well as certain allocations between reporting units and determination of discount rates. Performing audit procedures to evaluate management s assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve valuation specialists. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the annual goodwill impairment analysis included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment test, including the controls over the determination of key inputs such as the forecasting of future cash flows and determination of the discount rate; 
 We tested the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future revenues and operating margin by comparing to third-party industry projections and historical operating results; 
 We performed sensitivity analysis on the Company s future revenue, operating margins, and expense allocations to evaluate the reasonableness of management s forecasts; 
 We utilized a valuation specialist to assist in recalculating the Company s discounted future cash flows model and in evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions including the discount rate; and 
 We evaluated the competency and objectivity of management s specialists who assisted with preparing the discounted cash flow analysis. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 October 13, 2021 
 
 73 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. The controls evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based upon the controls evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have not experienced any material impact to our internal controls over financial reporting despite the fact that many of our employees are working remotely due to COVID-19. We are continually monitoring and assessing the effects of COVID-19 on our internal controls to minimize the impact to their design and operating effectiveness. 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including the CEO and CFO, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 74 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this Item (except as set forth below) is contained in Oil-Dri s Proxy Statement for its 2021 annual meeting of stockholders under the captions PROPOSALS - 1. Election of Directors, Executive Officers, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS - Director Nominations, Board of Directors Committee Membership and Meetings, (including the Audit Committee section thereunder), Corporate Governance Matters and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code which applies to all of its directors, officers (including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers) and employees. The Code imposes significant responsibilities on the Chief Executive Officer and the senior financial officers of the Company. The Code, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charter of its Audit Committee may be viewed on the Company s website at www.oildri.com and are available in print to any person upon request to Investor Relations, Oil-Dri Corporation of America, 410 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 400, Chicago, Illinois 60611-4213, telephone (312) 321-1515 or e-mail to info@oildri.com. Any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the Code which applies to the Company s Chief Executive Officer or senior financial officers and relates to the elements of a code of ethics as defined by the SEC will also be posted on the Company s website. As allowed by the controlled company exemption to certain NYSE rules, the Company does not have a nominating/corporate governance committee (as defined by the NYSE rules) and its compensation committee does not have a charter. 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this Item is contained in Oil-Dri s Proxy Statement for its 2021 annual meeting of stockholders under the captions Executive Compensation, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Director Compensation, and Board of Directors Committee Membership and Meetings, (including the Compensation Committee thereunder) and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Except as set forth herein, t he information required by this Item is contained in Oil-Dri s Proxy Statement for its 2021 annual meeting of stockholders under the captions Principal Stockholders and Security Ownership of Management and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information. The following table presents information about compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. There are no outstanding stock options as of July 31, 2021. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about these stock-based compensation plans. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information As Of July 31, 2021 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (in thousands) (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options (b) Number of securities remaining available for further issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (in thousands) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 341 
 
 The number of securities remaining in column (c) above includes, in accordance with the terms of the plan, shares that were: 1) not vested or exercised in full due to expiration or termination, or 2) tendered or withheld for payment of the exercise price or to satisfy tax withholding amounts. 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this Item is contained in Oil-Dri s Proxy Statement for its 2021 annual meeting of stockholders under the captions CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 75 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this Item is contained in Oil-Dri s Proxy Statement for its 2021 annual meeting of stockholders under the caption Other Matters Relating to the Independent Auditor - Auditor Fees and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 76 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 (a)(1) The following consolidated financial statements are contained herein. Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020. Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. (a)(2) The following financial statement schedule is contained herein: Schedule to Financial Statements, as follows: Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, years ended July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020. All other schedules are omitted because they are inapplicable, not required under the instructions or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (a)(3) The following documents are exhibits to this Report: 
 Exhibit No. Description SEC Document Reference 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Oil-Dri, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Oil-Dri s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-57625), filed on June 24, 1998. 
 3.2 By-Laws of Oil-Dri Corporation of America, as Amended and Restated on December 12, 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 9, 2018. 
 4.1 Description of Capital Stock Filed herewith 
 10.1 Memorandum of Agreement #1450 Fresh Step dated as of March 12, 2001 between A M Products Manufacturing Company and Oil-Dri. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 .1 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 202 0 . 
 
 77 

Exhibit No. Description SEC Document Reference 10.2 First Amendment, dated as of December 13, 2002, to Memorandum of Agreement #1450 Fresh Step dated as of March 12, 2001. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2007. 
 10.3 Second Amendment, dated as of October 15, 2007, to Memorandum of Agreement #1450 Fresh Step dated as of March 12, 2001. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 20 20 . 
 10.4 Third Amendment, dated as of May 27, 2016, to Memorandum of Agreement #1450 Fresh Step dated as of March 12, 2001. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Qu a rterly Report on Form 10- Q for the quarter ended October 3 1 , 2020 . 
 10.5 Exclusive Supply Agreement dated May 19, 1999 between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and Oil-Dri. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2020 . 
 10.6 Credit Agreement, dated January 27, 2006 among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company and Harris N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2006. 
 10.7 First Amendment, dated as of December 19, 2008 to Credit Agreement dated as of January 27, 2006. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2009. 
 10.8 Second Amendment, dated as of December 21, 2011 to Credit Agreement dated as of January 27, 2006. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2011. 
 10.9 Third Amendment, dated as of June 21, 2012 to Credit Agreement dated as of January 27, 2006. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2012. 
 10.10 Fourth Amendment, dated as of December 4, 2014 to Credit Agreement dated as of January 27, 2006. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2014. 
 10.11 Fifth Amendment, dated as of January 31, 2019 to Credit Agreement dated as of January 27, 2006. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2019. 
 10.12 Annex A to the Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of January 27, 2006. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2019. 
 10.13 18,500,000 Note Agreement dated as of November 12, 2010 among Oil-Dri Corporation of America, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Forethought Life Insurance Company, Physicians Mutual Insurance Company and BCBSM, Inc. dba Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2010. 
 
 78 

Exhibit No. Description SEC Document Reference 10.14 Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2020, among Oil-Dri Corporation of America, PGIM, Inc. and existing noteholders and purchasers named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oil-Dri's (file No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2020. 
 10.15 Oil-Dri Corporation of America Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective April 1, 2003. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10)(j)(1) to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2003. 
 10.16 First Amendment, effective as of January 1, 2007, to Oil-Dri Corporation of America Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective April 1, 2003. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2008. 
 10.17 Second Amendment, effective as of January 1, 2008, to Oil-Dri Corporation of America Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective April 1, 2003. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2008. 
 10.18 Oil-Dri Corporation of America Annual Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2008. 
 10.19 Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2008. 
 10.20 First Amendment, effective July 1, 2020, to the Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008). I ncorporate d by reference to Exhibit 10.2 4 to Oil Dri's File No. 001-12622) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020. 
 10.21 Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective July 28, 2006) Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on November 3, 2006. 
 10.22 First Amendment, effective as of January 1, 2008, to Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective July 28, 2006) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2008. 
 10.23 Second Amendment, effective as of October 15, 2015, to Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan (as previously amended and restated effective July 28, 2006) Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Oil-Dri s (File No. 001-12622) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on October 28, 2015. 
 10.24 Third Amendment to Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Oil-Dri's (File No. 001-12622) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on October 30, 2019 
 
 79 

Exhibit No. Description SEC Document Reference 10.25 Form of Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan Employee Stock Option Agreement for Class A Common Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2006. 
 10.26 Form of Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan Employee Stock Option Agreement for Common Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2006. 
 10.27 Form of Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan Employee Stock Option Agreement for Class B Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2006. 
 10.28 Form of Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan Director Stock Option Agreement for Common Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2006. 
 10.29 Form of Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Class A Common Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2006. 
 10.30 Form of Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Common Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2006. 
 
 10.31 Form of Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Class B Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2006. 
 10.32 Form of 2018 Restricted Stock Agreement for Class B Stock under the Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Oil-Dri's (file No. 001-12622) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2018 . 
 10.33 Fourth Amendment, dated as of December 4, 2020, to Memorandum of Agreement #1450 Fresh Step dated as of March 12, 2001. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Oil-Dri s (file No. 001-12622) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2020. 
 11.1 Statement re: Computation of Net Income Per Share. Filed herewith. 
 14.1 Amended and Restated Code of Ethics Available at Oil-Dri s website at www.oildri.com or in print upon request to Investor Relations, Oil-Dri Corporation of America, 410 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 400, Chicago, IL 60611-4213, telephone (312) 321-1515 or e-mail to info@oildri.com. 21.1 Subsidiaries of Oil-Dri Corporation of America Filed herewith. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Filed herewith. 
 
 80 

Exhibit No. Description SEC Document Reference 31.1 Certifications pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a). Filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certifications pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Furnished herewith. 
 95 Mine Safety Disclosure Filed herewith. 
 101.INS XBRL Taxonomy Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Furnished herewith. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Furnished herewith. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Furnished herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Furnished herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document Furnished herewith. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Furnished herewith. Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. A copy of the omitted portions will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 81 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Oil-Dri has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA (Registrant) By /s/ Daniel S. Jaffee Daniel S. Jaffee President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Dated: October 13, 2021 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Oil-Dri and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 /s/ Daniel S. Jaffee October 13, 2021 Daniel S. Jaffee President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Susan M. Kreh October 13, 2021 Susan M. Kreh Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ David M. Atkinson October 13, 2021 David M. Atkinson Vice President, Corporate Controller (Controller) /s/ Ellen-Blair Chube October 13, 2021 Ellen-Blair Chube Director /s/ Paul M. Hindsley October 13, 2021 Paul M. Hindsley Director 
 
 82 

/s/ Michael A. Nemeroff October 13, 2021 Michael A. Nemeroff Director /s/ George C. Roeth October 13, 2021 George C. Roeth Director /s/ Amy L. Ryan October 13, 2021 Amy L. Ryan Director /s/ Allan H. Selig October 13, 2021 Allan H. Selig Director /s/ Paul E. Suckow October 13, 2021 Paul E. Suckow Director /s/ Lawrence E. Washow October 13, 2021 Lawrence E. Washow Director 
 
 83 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 
 Year Ended July 31, 2021 2020 (in thousands 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts and cash discounts: Balance, beginning of year 1,078 644 Addition 82 421 Net recovery 14 13 Balance, end of year 1,174 1,078 Valuation reserve for income taxes: Balance, beginning of year 1,029 732 Change 333 297 Balance, end of year 1,362 1,029 

84 

EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 4.1 Description of Capital Stock 
 11.1 Statement Re: Computation of Net Income Per Share 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Oil-Dri Corporation of America 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certifications by Daniel S. Jaffee, President and Chief Executive Officer and Susan M. Kreh, Chief Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) 
 32.1 Certifications pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 95 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Note: Stockholders may receive copies of the above listed exhibits, without fee, by written request to Investor Relations, Oil-Dri Corporation of America, 410 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 400, Chicago, Illinois 60611-4213, telephone (312) 321-1515 or e-mail to info@oildri.com. 
 
 85 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 odcex4107312021.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following description of our Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to both the Certificate of Incorporation of Oil-Dri, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and the By-Laws of Oil-Dri Corporation of America, as Amended and Restated (the By-laws ). The Certificate of Incorporation and the By-laws are each incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 
 
 Authorized Shares of Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 7,000,000 shares of Class B Stock and 30,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, each with a par value of .10 per share. There are no Class A Common Stock shares currently outstanding. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share and Class B Stock is entitled to ten votes per share, while Class A Common Stock has no voting rights except in accordance with law. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Common Stock is entitled to cash dividends, as and when declared or paid, equal to at least 133.33 on a per share basis of the cash dividend paid on Class B Stock. Class A Common Stock is entitled to cash dividends on a per share basis equal to the cash dividend on Common Stock. Additionally, while shares of Common Stock, Class A Common Stock and Class B Stock are outstanding, the sum of the per share cash dividend paid on shares of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock, must be equal to at least 133.33 of the sum of the per share cash dividend paid on Class B Stock and Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Shares of Common Stock, Class A Common Stock and Class B Stock are equal in respect of all rights to dividends (other than cash as described above) and distributions in the form of stock or other property (including stock dividends and split-ups) in each case in the same ratio except in the case of a Special Stock Dividend. A Special Stock Dividend, which can be issued only once, is either a dividend of one share of Class A Common Stock for each share of Common Stock and Class B Stock outstanding or a recapitalization, in which half of each outstanding share of Common Stock and Class B Stock would be converted into a half share of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Conversion Rights 
 
 Common Stock and Class A Common Stock have no conversion rights. Class B Stock is convertible on a share-by-share basis into Common Stock at any time and is subject to mandatory conversion under certain circumstances. 
 
 Duration of Class Rights and Powers 
 
 At any time when the shares of Class B Stock cease to account for at least 20 of the total of both shares of Common Stock and Class B Stock outstanding, or for a period of one year do not account for at least 10 of the total shares of Common Stock, Class B Stock and Class A Common Stock outstanding, then any shares of Class B Stock outstanding shall, without any action by the Board of Directors, automatically convert to shares of Common Stock. In addition, and the provisions for different voting or cash dividend rights for Common Stock and Class B Stock shall thence forth not be in effect. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of all classes of stock are entitled to share ratably as a single class in the remaining net assets of the Company. A merger or consolidation of the Company or a sale or conveyance of all or any part of the Company's assets will not be deemed a liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 
 Restrictions on Sale and Transfer 
 
 Class B Stock is subject to restrictions that permit the sale or transfer of these shares only to certain permitted transferees. 

No Redemption or Preemptive Rights 
 
 Holders of common stock have no preemptive, redemption or subscription rights. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-11.1>
 3
 odcex11107312021.htm
 EX-11 COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

Document 

EXHIBIT 11.1 
 OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Computation of Net Income Per Share 
 (in thousands except for per share amounts) 

Year Ended July 31, 2021 2020 Net income available to stockholders 11,113 18,900 Less Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested restricted stock (493) (951) Earnings available to common shareholders 10,620 17,949 Shares Calculation Average shares outstanding - Basic Common 5,142 5,149 Average shares outstanding - Basic Class B Common 1,926 2,020 Potential Common Stock - Basic Common - relating to non-vested restricted stock 111 97 Potential Common Stock - Basic Class B Common - relating to non-vested restricted stock 41 29 Average shares outstanding - Assuming dilution 7,220 7,295 Net Income Per Share Basic Common 1.61 2.70 Net Income Per Share Basic Class B Common 1.20 2.02 Net Income Per Share Diluted Common 1.57 2.65 Net Income Per Share Diluted Class B Common 1.18 1.99 

</EX-11.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 odcex21107312021.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 

Subsidiary State or Country of Organization Agromex Importaciones, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Amlan Trading (Shenzhen) Company, Ltd. China Blue Mountain Production Company Mississippi Mounds Management, Inc. Delaware Mounds Production Company, LLC Illinois ODC Acquisition Corp. Illinois Oil-Dri Canada ULC Canada Oil-Dri Corporation of Georgia Georgia Amlan International Nevada Oil-Dri Production Company Mississippi Oil-Dri SARL Switzerland Oil-Dri (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom PT Amlan Perdagangan Internasional Indonesia Taft Production Company Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 odcex23107312021.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated October 13, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Oil-Dri Corporation of America on Form 10-K for the year ended 
 July 31, 2021. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Oil-Dri Corporation of America on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-139550 and 333-236912). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 October 13, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 odcex31107312021.htm
 EX-31 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO RULE 13A -14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Daniel S. Jaffee, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 13, 2021 By s Daniel S. Jaffee Daniel S. Jaffee 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT 31.1 (CONTINUED) 
 
 Certification of a Principal Financial Officer 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Susan M. Kreh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 13, 2021 By s Susan M. Kreh Susan M. Kreh 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 odcex32107312021.htm
 EX-32 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned officer of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the Company hereby certifies that to the best of my knowledge the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 Dated October 13, 2021 s Daniel S. Jaffee Name Daniel S. Jaffee Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Oil-Dri Corporation of America and will be retained by Oil-Dri Corporation of America and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 
 Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned officer of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the Company hereby certifies that to the best of my knowledge the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 Dated October 13, 2021 s Susan M. Kreh Name Susan M. Kreh Title Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Oil-Dri Corporation of America and will be retained by Oil-Dri Corporation of America and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-95>
 8
 odcex9507312021.htm
 EX-95 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Document 

EXHIBIT 95 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 Under section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, each operator of a coal or other mine is required to include certain mine safety information in its periodic reports filed with the SEC. The table below includes this mine safety information for each mine facility owned and operated by Oil-Dri Corporation of America, or its subsidiaries, for the year ended July 31, 2021. Due to timing and other factors, our data may not agree with the mine data retrieval system maintained by the Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ). The columns in the table represent the total number of, and the proposed dollar assessment for, violations, citations and orders issued by MSHA during the period upon periodic inspection of our mine facilities in accordance with the referenced sections of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended (the Mine Act ), described as follows 
 
 Section 104 Significant and Substantial Violations Total number of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard. 
 
 Section 104(b) Orders Total number of orders issued due to a failure to totally abate, within the time period prescribed by MSHA, a violation previously cited under section 104, which results in the issuance of an order requiring the mine operator to immediately withdraw all persons from the mine. 
 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders Total number of citations and orders issued for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health and safety standards. The violation could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a safety and health hazard, but the conditions do not cause imminent danger. 
 
 Section 110(b)(2) Flagrant Violations Total number of flagrant violations defined as a reckless or repeated failure to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory health or safety standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury. 
 
 Section 107(a) Imminent Danger Orders Total number of orders issued when an imminent danger is identified which requires all persons to be withdrawn from area(s) in the mine until the imminent danger and the conditions that caused it cease to exist. 
 
 Total Dollar Value of Proposed MSHA Assessments Each issuance of a citation or order by MSHA results in the assessment of a monetary penalty. The total dollar value presented includes any contested penalties. 
 
 Legal Actions Pending, Initiated or Resolved Total number of cases pending legal action before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of the last day of the reporting period or the number of such cases initiated or resolved during the reporting period. 
 Legal Actions Mine location Section 104 Significant and Substantial Violations Section 104(b) Orders Section 104(d) Citations and Orders Section 110(b)(2) Flagrant Violations Section 107(a) Imminent Danger Orders Total Dollar Value of Proposed MSHA Assessments in thousands) 
 Pending as of Last Day of Period Initiated During Period Resolved During Period (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) ) (#) (#) (#) Ochlocknee, Georgia 6 7,154 Ripley, Mississippi 2 3,403 Mounds, Illinois 1 4,004 Blue Mountain, Mississippi 750 Taft, California 625 
 We had no mining-related fatalities at any of our facilities during the twelve months ended July 31, 2021. During this period we also received no written notices from MSHA under section 104(e) of the Mine Act of (i) a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards or (ii) the potential to have such a pattern. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 odc-20210731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 odc-20210731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 odc-20210731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 odc-20210731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 odc-20210731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

