<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_1787518_0001213900-21-052513.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3451006</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>514231</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>241036</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>933813</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>988204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>667925</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-052513.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211012210059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-052513
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211012

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Brilliant Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001787518
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39341
		FILM NUMBER:		211319922

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 DAN BA ROAD C-9
		STREET 2:		PUTUO DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			200062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		086-021-80125497

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 DAN BA ROAD C-9
		STREET 2:		PUTUO DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			200062

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-052513.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 f10k2020_brilliantacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission File No. 333-237153 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

British Virgin Islands 
 
 N/A 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

99 Dan Ba Road, C-9, Putuo District, 
 Shanghai, Peoples Republic of China 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

(86) 021-80125497 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on 
 which registered 
 
 Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, one Right and one Redeemable Warrant 
 
 BRLIU 
 
 The Nasdaq Capital Market 
 
 Ordinary Shares, no par value per share 
 
 BRLI 
 
 The Nasdaq Capital Market 
 
 Rights, each right entitling the holder to 1/10 of one Ordinary Share 
 
 BRLIR 
 
 The Nasdaq Capital Market 
 
 Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share 
 
 BRLIW 
 
 The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares
outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales
price for the ordinary shares on October 10, 2021, as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market, was approximately 61,782,210. 

As of October 11, 2021, there were 6,111,000 ordinary
shares, no par value, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 53 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 54 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 55 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 58 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 59 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Control and Procedures 
 59 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 60 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 61 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 65 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 66 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 66 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 69 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 70 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 66 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Signature 
 72 

i 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
references to: 

references to we, us or our company refer to Brilliant Acquisition Corporation, a BVI business company with limited liability; 

references to the BVI refer to the British Virgin Islands; 

references to the Companies Act and the Insolvency Act refer to the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 and the Insolvency Act, 2003 of the British Virgin Islands, respectively and in each case as amended; 

references to founder shares refer to the 1,150,000 ordinary shares currently held by the initial shareholders (as defined below); 

references to our initial shareholders refer to our sponsor and any of our officers or directors that hold founder shares, and our advisor New Lighthouse Investment Limited; 

references to our representative shares refer to the 100,000 shares we issued to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBirdCapital and its designees prior to our initial public offering; 

references to our insider units refer to the 261,000 units we sold privately to our sponsor upon consummation of our initial public offering including the overallotment option which as exercised in full as part of that offering; 

references to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors; 

references to private units refer to the insider units and the representative shares; 

references to ordinary shares refer to the ordinary shares of no par value in the company; 

references to private shares, private rights and private warrants refer to the ordinary shares, rights and warrants, respectively, included within the private units; 

references to our public shares refer to ordinary shares which were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in such offering or thereafter in the open market) and references to public shareholders refer to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders to the extent our initial shareholders purchase public shares, provided that their status as public shareholders shall exist only with respect to such public shares; 

references to our sponsor refer to Nisun Investment Holding Limited, a BVI company with limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Ningsheng Supply Chain Group Co., Ltd. (f/k/a Shanghai Ningsheng Enterprise Management Group Co., Ltd.) Ning Sheng Group Co. ), a company incorporated in the People s Republic of China PRC ); 

references to our rights or public rights refer to the rights which were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering; 

references to our public warrants refer to the redeemable warrants which were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering as well as the private warrants and warrants underlying units issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or members of our management team (or permitted transferees), in each case after our initial business combination; and 

references to our warrants refer to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private warrants and warrants underlying units issued upon conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private warrants or members of our management team (or their permitted transferees), in each case after our initial business combination. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, 
 anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, 
 projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other
variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such
statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination
and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current
expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

failure to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, NASDAQ or an inability to have our securities listed on NASDAQ or another national securities exchange following our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on
our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us
may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are
beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described
under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except
as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and
developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements
contained in this report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry
in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this report, those results or developments may not
be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands as a business company with limited liability (meaning that our shareholders have no liability, as members of our
company, for the liabilities of our company over and above the amount already paid for their shares) and formed for the purpose of acquiring,
engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering
into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which
we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. 

Business Strategy 

Our efforts in identifying prospective target
businesses are not be limited to a particular industry or country, including but not limited to businesses that have their primary operations
located in the Asia-pacific region Asia-pacific or Asia ). We believe that we will add value to these businesses
primarily by providing them with access to the U.S. capital markets. 

We seek to capitalize on the strength of our management
team. Our team consists of experienced financial services and accounting professionals, senior operating executives, and managers of Asian
and U.S. companies. Our independent directors have collective experience in entrepreneurship, asset management/advisory services, and
accounting tax practices in mainland China, Hong Kong and the U.S, as well as knowledge of sectors and industries arising in connection
with provision of those services and entrepreneurial experiences. We believe we benefit from their accomplishments, and specifically their
current activities in the Asian market, in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. However, the past performance of our management
team, advisors and their affiliates is not a guarantee either of (i) success of any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that
we will complete a business combination. 

Our officers and directors, or our management
team, has a broad range of collective operational experience across a variety of economic sectors, including corporate financing,
debt financing, internet, real estate, insurance, health care, energy and resources, consumer and retail, manufacturing, capital markets
and information technology. Our acquisition strategy leverages our team s relationships as well as relationships with management
teams of public and private companies, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants, which we should provide us with a number of potential
target businesses with which we may consummate an initial business combination. 

We deploy a pro-active, thematic sourcing strategy
and focus on companies for which we believe the combination of our relationships, capital and capital markets expertise and operating
experience of executives at Shanghai Ning Sheng Supply Chain Group Co. Ltd., or Ning Sheng Group Co. , our sponsor s
100 parent company, can help accelerate the target business growth and performance. 

Investment Criteria 

Our management team focus on creating shareholder
value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation and financing of businesses to improve the efficiency of operations while
implementing strategies to scale revenue organically and/or through acquisitions. In addition to the factors listed above, we have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we use
these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we see justification
to do so. 

Middle-Market Growth Business. We primarily seek to acquire one or more growth businesses with a total enterprise value of between 200 million and 300 million. We believe that there are a substantial number of potential target businesses within this valuation range that can benefit from new capital for scalable operations to yield significant revenue and earnings growth. We currently do not intend to acquire either a start-up company (a company that has not yet established commercial operations) or a company with negative cash flow. 

1 

Companies with Opportunity to Strengthen Management and Add Value. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that provide a platform for the existing management team to leverage the experience of our management team. We believe that the operating expertise of our management team is well suited to complement and, if beneficial, replace the target s management team. 

Companies in Business Segments that are Strategically Significant to the regional areas, including but not limited to the Asia-pacific region. We seek to acquire those businesses with strong technological know-how, distribution networks and/or business practices in economic sectors that are currently experiencing significant outbound investing in the Asia-pacific region. Such sectors include, but are not limited to, software, and hardware technology, clean energy, health care, consumer and retail, energy and resources, food processing, and education. 

Business with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Niche Leader and Specialized Business with Earning Growth Potential. We seek to acquire target companies that have significant underexploited expansion opportunities in a niche sector. One of the key elements of our sponsor s typical value creation approach is to acquire target companies to accelerate their growth. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of brand and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. This can be accomplished through a combination of accelerating organic growth and finding attractive add-on acquisition targets. Our management team has significant experience in identifying such targets and helping target management assess the strategic and financial fit. Similarly, our management has the expertise to assess the likely synergies and a process to help a target integrate acquisitions. 

Long-term Revenue Visibility with a Defensible Market Position. We seek to acquire target companies that are at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate by developing new products or services, or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance and where an acquisition may help facilitate growth. 

Companies with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance shareholder value. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company. We seek to acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and which can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our sponsor and management team may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business
combination, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would file with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may
encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent ownership, management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers
and suppliers, inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

2 

Significant Activities Since Inception 

On June 26, 2020, we consummated our initial public
offering of 4,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one ordinary share, no par value, one warrant to purchase one-half of one ordinary
share and one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business combination, pursuant to
a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237153). Each whole warrant is exercisable for one ordinary share at an exercise price
of 11.50 per share. The units were sold in our initial public offering at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds
of 40,000,000 (before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). 

Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial
public offering, we completed a private placement of 240,000 units at a price of 10.00 per private unit issued to our sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of 2,400,000. 

40,000,000 of the net proceeds from our initial
public offering and the private placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

Our units began trading on June 24, 2020 on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BRLIU. On June 29, 2020, EarlyBirdCapital notified us of their intention to exercise
their over-allotment option in full. As such, on June 30, 2020, we consummated the sale of an additional 600,000 units, at 10.00 per
unit, and the sale of an additional 21,000 private units, at 10.00 per private unit to our sponsor, generating total gross proceeds of
 6,210,000. A total of 6,000,000 of the net proceeds was deposited into the trust account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the
trust account to 46,000,000. 

Commencing on July 22, 2020, the units, and their
underlying ordinary shares, rights, and warrants began separate trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols BRLIU, 
 BRLI, BRLIR, and BRLIW respectively. 

We have 12 months from the closing of our initial
public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination)
to consummate our initial business combination. On June 22, 2021, our sponsor timely deposited 460,000 in our trust account, pursuant
to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and the trust agreement we entered into with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, for us to extend our period of time to consummate our initial business combination by 3 months from
June 25, 2021 until September 25, 2021. 

On September 20, 2021, our sponsor timely deposited
 460,000 in our trust account for us to extend our period of time to consummate our initial business combination by 3 months from September
25, 2021 until December 25, 2021. 

Effecting our initial business combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations until the consummation of our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business
combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private units, our shares, new
debt, or a combination of these, as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to consummate our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate
our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using shares or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price in
connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our ordinary shares, we may apply the cash released to
us from the trust account that is not applied to the purchase price for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in consummating our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

Subject to the requirement that, so long as our
securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest
earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial
business combination, we have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses.
Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may
ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management assesses these risks inherent in a particular target business
with which we may combine, this assessment may not result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore,
some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. 

3 

We may seek to raise additional funds through
a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate
our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would consummate such financing only simultaneously with the consummation of our business
combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents
or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or the rules
of Nasdaq, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or
through loans in connection with our initial business combination. 

Sources of target businesses 

We believe there are numerous potential acquisition
candidates available. Target business candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment
bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial
community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through
calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis,
since many of these sources will have read our public filings and know what types of businesses we are targeting. 

We may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee,
or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction to firms or other individuals
that specialize in business acquisitions, and are engaged by us to refer such target companies to us. In no event, however, will any of
our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other
compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction). 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions,
that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such
business combination opportunity to us. None of our officers and directors currently has any relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations that would conflict with our company s objectives. 

Our officers have agreed not to become involved
with another publicly listed blank check company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
prior to us announcing an agreement to acquire our initial business combination, or the expiration of the period for us to announce and/or
complete our initial business combination. 

Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial
business combination 

Subject to our management s pre-existing fiduciary
obligations and the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one
or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less taxes
payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, our management will have virtually unrestricted
flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our
initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only
consummate an initial business combination in which we become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual
arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes as discussed below) or are otherwise not required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of
any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business
combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

4 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
conduct an extensive due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of
facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review is conducted
either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage. 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty.
Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination
is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. 

Fair market value of target business or businesses 

So long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq,
the target business or businesses or assets with which we effect our initial business combination must have a collective fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business
combination. However, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 
fair market value test. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination to acquire 100 of the equity interest or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination to acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business, but we will only consummate such business
combination if we will become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited
circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even though we will own a majority interest in the target,
our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we
would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our
shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If we acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what
will be valued for purposes of the 80 test. 

The fair market value of a target business or
businesses or assets will be determined by our board of directors based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community,
such as actual and potential gross margins, the values of comparable businesses, earnings and cash flow, book value and, where appropriate,
upon the advice of appraisers or other professional consultants. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine that
the target business or assets has a sufficient fair market value to meet the threshold criterion, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated,
independent investment banking firm or an independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of
such criterion. We are not be required to obtain such an opinion if our board of directors independently determines that the target business
complies with the 80 threshold. 

5 

Lack of business diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after consummation
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and; 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. The future role of members of our management team, if
any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. Consequently, members of our management team may not become
a part of the target s management team, and the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities
to manage a public company. Further, it is also not certain whether one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity
with us following our initial business combination. Moreover, members of our management team may not have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management or advisory positions
with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will be contracted to remain with the combined company
will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following our initial business combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have the ability to
recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance
the incumbent management. 

Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business
combination 

Although we may seek shareholder approval before
we effect our initial business combination, we may not do so for business or legal reasons (so long as such transaction does not require
shareholder approval under the Companies Act or the rules of Nasdaq). Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types
of initial business combinations we may consider and whether we expect shareholder approval would be required under the Companies Act
for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
Shareholder 
Approval is 
Required 

Purchase of assets 
 
 No 

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 

Merger of target with a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 

Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Entering into contractual agreements with a target to obtain control 
 
 No 

6 

Additionally, under NASDAQ s listing rules,
shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

We also may be required to obtain shareholder
approval if we wish to take certain actions in connection with our initial business combination such as adopting an incentive stock plan
or amending our charter. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing of our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such
rules. 

Redemption rights for public shareholders upon consummation of our
initial business combination 

We had until June 25, 2021 to consummate our initial
business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by June 25, 2021,
we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to three
times, each by an additional three months until March 25, 2022. 

Our sponsor has timely deposited a total of 920,000
into our trust account to extend the deadline for us to consummate our initial business combination from June 25, 2021 to December 25,
2021. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of September
30, 2021 is 10.20 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional 0.10 per ordinary share in the event that our sponsors
elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this Report). Our initial shareholders
have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares, private units and any public shares, as applicable, they may hold in connection with the completion of our business combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares in connection with our initial business combination either (i) in connection
with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. 

We intend to hold a shareholder vote in connection
with our business combination. In such case, we will: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and; 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

We will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon consummation of the initial business combination. 

7 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem shall remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act. 

In connection with the successful consummation
of our business combination, we may redeem pursuant to a tender offer up to that number of ordinary shares that would permit us to maintain
net tangible assets of 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination. However, the redemption
threshold may be further limited by the terms and conditions of our proposed initial business combination. For example, the proposed business
combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or members of its management team, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the allocation of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance
with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all
shares that are validly tendered plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not consummate the business combination, we will not purchase any shares
pursuant to the tender offer and all shares will be returned to the holders thereof following the expiration of the tender offer. Additionally,
since we are required to maintain net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial
business combination (which may be substantially higher depending on the terms of our potential business combination), the chance that
the holders of our ordinary shares electing to redeem in connection with a redemption conducted pursuant to the proxy rules will cause
us to fall below such minimum requirement is increased. 

When we conduct a tender offer to redeem our public
shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in order to comply with the tender offer rules, the offer will be made to
all of our shareholders, not just our public shareholders. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares, private shares and public shares in connection with any such tender offer. 

We will consummate our initial business combination
only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our initial
shareholders as well as the representative shares have agreed to vote their founder shares, private shares, and representative shares,
as well as any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and
directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination.
As a result, we would need only 789,001 of the 4,600,000 public shares, or approximately 17 , sold in our initial public offering to be
voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved. 

In no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial
business combination. Furthermore, the redemption threshold may be further limited by the terms and conditions of our initial business
combination. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights so that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement
or any net worth or cash requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares and the related business combination,
and instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

Permitted purchases of our securities by our affiliates 

In the event we seek shareholder approval of our
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open
market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans
or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds
in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the
Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our
shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We cannot currently determine
whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including
but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases
pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

8 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares.
We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the
Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers
determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases would be to (i)
vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business
combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may
result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which
may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue
privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by
shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business
combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such
purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2)
and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order
for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases
of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or
redemption rights 

We will require our public shareholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the expiration date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders,
or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, at the holder s option. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer
materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute
proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short
exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker 45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee
would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need
to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

9 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on our initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his redemption
rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him to deliver his certificate
to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the consummation of the business combination
during which he could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he
could sell his shares in the open market before actually delivering his shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption
rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become option rights
surviving past the consummation of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for
physical or electronic delivery at or prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once
the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in any tender offer materials or the date of the shareholder meeting set forth in
our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election
of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply
request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed
to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

If the initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is
not consummated, we may continue to try to consummate our initial business combination with a different target until December 25, 2021
or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this Report). 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination 

We had until June 25, 2021 to consummate our initial
business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by June 25, 2021,
we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to three
times, each by an additional three months (until March 25, 2022), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account
as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to be entered into between
us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination
to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit
into the trust account 460,000 0.10 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of 1,380,000, or 0.30 per share, on or prior to
the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior
to the applicable deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at
least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline
announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the
trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor has timely deposited a total of 920,000
into our trust account to extend the deadline for us to consummate our initial business combination from June 25, 2021 to December 25,
2021. 

Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business
combination 

On June 22, 2021, our sponsor timely deposited
 460,000 in our trust account, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and the trust
agreement we entered into with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, for us to extend our period of time to consummate our initial
business combination by 3 months from June 25, 2021 until September 25, 2021. 

On September 20, 2021, our sponsor timely deposited
 460,000 in our trust account for us to extend our period of time to consummate our initial business combination by 3 months from September
25, 2021 until December 25, 2021. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we must complete our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to
consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this Report). We may not be able to find a suitable target business
and consummate our initial business combination within such time period. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more
detail in this Report), we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro
rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This
redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our memorandum and articles of association
and prior to any voluntary winding up, although at all times subject to the Companies Act. 

10 

Following the redemption of public shares, we
intend to enter voluntary liquidation which is the statutory process for formally closing and dissolving a company under
the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Given that we intend to enter voluntary liquidation following the redemption of public shareholders
from the trust account, we do not expect that the voluntary liquidation process will cause any delay to the payment of redemption proceeds
from our trust account. In connection with such a voluntary liquidation, the liquidator would give notice to creditors inviting them to
submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement
in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands newspaper and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location
where the company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he considers appropriate to identify the company s
creditors, after which our remaining assets would be distributed. As soon as the affairs of the company are fully wound-up, the liquidator
must complete his statement of account and make a notificational filing with the Registrar. We would be dissolved once the Registrar issues
a Certificate of Dissolution. 

Our initial shareholders, sponsor, directors,
and advisors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private units (including the rights
and warrants thereunder), as applicable, if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable period from the
closing of our initial public offering, or where funds are otherwise to be redeemed from the trust account. However our initial shareholders,
sponsor, directors, and advisors shall be eligible to receive their pro rata portion of any liquidating distributions by the Company for
any shares purchased in the IPO or aftermarket. 

We may also call the warrants for a redemption
price of 0.01 per warrant at any time after the warrants become exercisable if notice of not less than 30 days is given and the last
sale price of the ordinary shares has been at least 16.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing once the
warrants become exercisable and ending the third day prior to the day on which notice is given. Furthermore, in the event of a call we
may, at our discretion force the holders of those warrants to exercise the warrants on a cashless basis, as discussed in detail in this
Report. 

The holders of our rights or warrants will not
have any redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights or warrants, which will expire worthless in the event
that we do not consummate our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time
to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this Report), or decide to call the warrants for 0.01 per warrant,
or force the exercise of those warrants as discussed in detail in this Report. 

We will pay the costs of our liquidation from
our remaining assets outside of the trust account or up to 50,000 of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. However,
the liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there is uncertainty
over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the BVI court which,
if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some
or all of our remaining assets. 

Additionally, in any liquidation proceedings of
the company under British Virgin Islands law, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate and subject to the claims
of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete the trust account we may not
be able to return to our public shareholders the liquidation amounts payable to them. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our initial offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned
on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20.
The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority
than the claims of our public shareholders. The actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20
per share. 

11 

Although we have sought and will continue to seek
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to
waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. 

In order to protect the amounts held in the trust
account, our sponsor agreed that it will be liable to us, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in
the trust account to below 10.20 per share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek
access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

However, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations. Other than as described above, none of our other officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy his indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
We believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors
and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. We cannot however guarantee that all agreements will contain this waiver. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below 10.20 per share and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy any applicable obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, due to claims of creditors, the actual value of the
per-share redemption price may be less than 10.20 per share. 

We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor
has to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target
businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of September 30, 2021,
we have access to approximately 504,000 not placed in the trust account with which to pay any such potential claims. In the event that
we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received
funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

12 

If we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of
the Insolvency Act (i.e. (i) we fail to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157
of the Insolvency Act; (ii) execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands Court in favor
of a creditor of the company is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the company s liabilities exceeds
its assets, or the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due), then there are very limited circumstances where prior payments
made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a voidable transaction for the purposes of the Insolvency Act.
A voidable transaction would include, for these purposes, payments made as unfair preferences or transactions at
an undervalue . A liquidator appointed over an insolvent company who considers that a particular transaction or payment is a voidable
transaction under the Insolvency Act could apply to the British Virgin Islands Courts for an order setting aside that payment or transaction
in whole or in part. 

Additionally, if we enter insolvent liquidation
under the Insolvency Act, the funds held in our trust account will likely be included in our estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account we may not be
able to return to our public shareholders the liquidation amounts due them. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of a redemption of the public shares prior to any winding up in the event we do not
consummate our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination, as described in more detail in this Report), (ii) if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial business
combination that we consummate or (iii) if they redeem their shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination, as described in more detail in this Report) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-business combination activity. In no other circumstances shall a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the trust account. A shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s
redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption
rights described above. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we have encountered, and may continue to encounter, intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, venture capital funds leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market
value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business
combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights, and our outstanding
rights and warrants and the potential future dilution they represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of
these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have one officer, Dr. Peng Jiang,
who is our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and the Chairman of the board of directors. Mr. Jiang is not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he devotes as much of their time as necessary to our affairs until
we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he devotes in any time period may vary based on whether a target
business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not
intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

13 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We registered our units, ordinary shares, rights
and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Report contains financial statements audited and reported
on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements must be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to,
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or International Financial Reporting Standard as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, and the historical financial statements must be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and consummate our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or
March 25, 2022). 

We are required to have our internal control procedures
evaluated for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls
of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such
acquisition. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
May 31, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior
three-year period. 

14 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

You should carefully consider all of the risk
factors and all the other information contained in this Report, including the financial statements. If any of the following risks occur,
our business, financial condition and/or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not necessarily
exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business. 

We are an early stage company with no operating history and no revenues,
and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are an early stage company with no operating
results.. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective
of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

The Nasdaq requirement that the target business or businesses that
we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (less taxes
payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of
companies that we may complete such a business combination with. 

Pursuant to the Nasdaq listing rules, the target
business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in
the trust account (less taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may
limit the type and number of companies that we may complete such a business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number
of companies that we may complete an initial business combination with. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that
satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the
funds in the trust account. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote
on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business combination even if a majority of our public
shareholders do not support such a combination. 

If we decide not to hold a shareholder vote in
conjunction with our initial business combination for business or other legal reasons (so long as shareholder approval is not required
by the Companies Act or the rules of Nasdaq), we may conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and our memorandum
and articles of association. NASDAQ rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder meeting, provided that
we were not seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination).
Furthermore, shareholder approval would not be required pursuant to the Companies Act if our initial business combination were structured
as a purchase of assets, a purchase of stock of the target not involving a merger with us, or a merger of the target into a subsidiary
of our company, or if we otherwise entered into contractual arrangements with a target to obtain control of such company. Accordingly,
we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination. 

15 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and
thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own approximately 20 
of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor
purchases any additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, has any current intention to purchase additional securities.
Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our ordinary
shares. In addition, our board of directors, is divided into two classes, each of which generally serves for a term of two years with
only one class of directors being elected in each year. It is possible that there will not be an annual meeting of shareholders to elect
new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue
in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered 
board of directors, only one-half of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership
position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until
the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Because our board of directors
may consummate our initial business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business
combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set
forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for
cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter
into our initial business combination with a target. 

We may enter into a transaction agreement with
a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public
shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition, and as a result, would not be able to
proceed with such business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Our memorandum
and articles of association requires us to provide all of our public shareholders with an opportunity to redeem all of their ordinary
shares in connection with the consummation of any initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business
combination, or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption
and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets would be aware
of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into our initial business combination transaction with us. 

16 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights
with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to consummate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital
structure. 

In connection with the successful consummation
of our initial business combination, we may redeem up to that number of ordinary shares that would permit us to maintain net tangible
assets of 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination
requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, the redemption threshold may be further limited. Alternatively,
we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination in case a larger percentage of shareholders exercise
their redemption rights than we expect. If the acquisition involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to
issue a higher percentage of our shares to the target or its shareholders to make up for the failure to satisfy a minimum cash requirement.
Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us. 

The requirement that we maintain a minimum net worth or retain a
certain amount of cash could increase the probability that our business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait
for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If, pursuant to the terms of our proposed business
combination, we are required to maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash in trust in order to consummate the business
combination and regardless of whether we proceed with redemptions under the tender or proxy rules, the probability that our business combination
would be unsuccessful is increased. If our business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust
account until we liquidate. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however,
at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in our trust account. In either situation, you may suffer
a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are
able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination
by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) may give potential
target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination and may limit the amount of time we have to conduct
due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to
consummate our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning our initial business combination will be aware that we must consummate our initial business combination by
December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). Consequently, such target
businesses may obtain leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial
business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target
business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct
due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to consummate our initial business combination
within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our public shares and liquidate. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we must complete our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to
consummate a business combination). We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate our initial business combination
within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions,
volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination within the required time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter,
distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay
liquidation expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding
up of our affairs, as further described herein. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required
by function of our memorandum and articles of association and prior to any voluntary winding up. 

17 

Our sponsor may decide not to extend the term
we have to consummate our initial business combination, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, and the warrants will be worthless. 

We had until June 25, 2021 to consummate our initial
business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by June 25, 2021,
we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to three
times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO to complete a business combination),
subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. 

In order for the time available for us to consummate
our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account 460,000 0.10 per unit), up to an aggregate of 1,380,000, or 0.30 per share, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three
month extension. Any such payments would be made in the form of a non-interest bearing loan. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees
are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to
consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than five business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under British Virgin Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants will be worthless. 

Our sponsor has timely deposited a total of 920,000
into our trust account to extend the deadline for us to consummate our initial business combination from June 25, 2021 to December 25,
2021. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our business combination, our
sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from shareholders, in which case they may influence
a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either
prior to or following the consummation of our initial business combination. Such a purchase would include a contractual acknowledgement
that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not
to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in
privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling
shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. 

The purpose of such purchases would be to (1)
increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of the business combination, where
it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the consummation of an initial business combination that
may not otherwise have been possible. 

Purchases of ordinary shares in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may make it difficult for us to maintain the
listing of our ordinary shares on a national securities exchange following the consummation of an initial business combination. 

If our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates purchase ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, the public float 
of our ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our securities would both be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain
the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange following consummation of the business combination. 

18 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust
account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares,
potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders shall be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of a redemption to public shareholders prior to any winding up in the event we do not
consummate our initial business combination or our liquidation (ii) if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial business
combination that we consummate or (iii) if they redeem their shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our memorandum and
articles of association (A) to modify our obligation to permit holders to exercise redemption rights or the substance or timing of our
obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25,
2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or
interest of any kind to the funds in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your securities,
potentially at a loss. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors
of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering
are intended to be used to complete our initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed
to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, since we had net tangible assets in excess
of 5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of our initial public offering and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited
balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies,
such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means
that our securities are tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject
to Rule 419. Moreover, offerings subject to Rule 419 would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account
to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our consummation of an initial business combination. 

Subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination,
we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your
investment. 

Even if we conduct thorough due diligence on a
target business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target
business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside
of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or
write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even
if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a
manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate
impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our
securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result
of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. 

19 

If we liquidate, distributions, or part of them, may be delayed
while the liquidator determines the extent of potential creditor claims. 

Pursuant to, among other documents, our memorandum
and articles of association, if we do not complete our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), this will trigger the required redemption of our ordinary shares using
the available funds in the trust account pursuant to our memorandum and articles of association, resulting in our repayment of available
funds in the trust account. Following which, we will proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation on a solvent basis and ultimately a formal
dissolution of our company. In connection with such a voluntary liquidation, the liquidator would give notice to our creditors inviting
them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement
in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands newspaper and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location
where our company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps the liquidator considers appropriate, after which our
remaining assets would be distributed. 

As soon as our affairs are fully wound-up, if
we were to liquidate, the liquidator must complete his statement of account and will then notify the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in
the British Virgin Islands (the Registrar that the liquidation has been completed. However, the liquidator may determine
that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or
extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court, which,
if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some
or all of our remaining assets. 

In any liquidation proceedings of the company
under British Virgin Islands law, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete the trust account we may not be able
to return to our public shareholders the redemption amounts payable to them. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce indemnification obligations
against our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below 10.20 per share and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine on our behalf whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification
obligations on our behalf, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced
below 10.20 per share. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it
difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions
on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we
may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company, adoption of a specific form of corporate
structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment
Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds
and may hinder or prohibit our ability to consummate our initial business combination. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any
laws and regulations, may adversely effect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their
interpretation and application also may change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

20 

We are not subject to the supervision of the Financial Services
Commission of the British Virgin Islands and so our shareholders are not protected by any regulatory inspections by the Financial Services
Commission in the British Virgin Islands. 

We are not an entity subject to any regulatory
supervision in the British Virgin Islands by the Financial Services Commission. As a result, shareholders are not protected by any regulatory
supervision or inspections by any regulatory agency in the British Virgin Islands and the company is not required to observe any restrictions
in respect of its conduct save as disclosed in this Report, its memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Act. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), our public shareholders
may be forced to wait beyond such period before redemption from our trust account. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), we will,
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders
by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation,
as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by our memorandum
and articles of association prior to our commencing any voluntary liquidation. If we are required to liquidate prior to distributing the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses)
pro rata to our public shareholders, then such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of
the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination) before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive
the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. Except as otherwise described herein, we have no obligation
to return funds to investors prior to the date of any redemption required as a result of our failure to consummate our initial business
combination within the period described above or our liquidation, unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto
and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their ordinary shares. Only upon any such redemption of public shares as
we are required to effect, or any liquidation, will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our
initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be insolvent, distributions, or part of them,
may be delayed while the insolvency liquidator determines the extent of potential creditor claims. In these circumstances, prior payments
made by the company may be deemed voidable transactions. 

If we do not complete our initial business combination
by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), we will be required
to redeem our public shares from the trust account pursuant to our memorandum and articles of association. 

However, if at any time we are deemed insolvent
for the purposes of the Insolvency Act (i.e. (i) we fail to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside
under section 157 of the Insolvency Act; (ii) execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands
Court in favor of a creditor of the company is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the company s
liabilities exceeds its assets, or the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due), we are required to immediately enter insolvent
liquidation. In these circumstances, a liquidator will be appointed who will give notice to our creditors inviting them to submit their
claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement in at least
one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location where the company has
its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he considers appropriate, after which our assets would be distributed. Following
the process of insolvent liquidation, the liquidator will complete its final report and accounts and will then notify the Registrar. The
liquidator may determine that he requires additional time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over
the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the British Virgin Islands
Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution
of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders. In such liquidation proceedings, the funds held in our trust account may be included
in our estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims
deplete the trust account we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders the amounts otherwise payable to them. 

21 

If we are deemed insolvent, then there are also
limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a voidable transaction 
for the purposes of the Insolvency Act. A voidable transaction would be, for these purposes, payments made as unfair preferences 
or as transactions at an undervalue. Where a payment was a risk of being a voidable transaction, a liquidator appointed
over an insolvent company could apply to the British Virgin Islands Court for an order, inter alia , for the transaction to
be set aside as a voidable transaction in whole or in part. 

Our initial shareholders have waived their right
to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the initial shares. We will pay the costs of our liquidation and distribution
of the trust account from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. In addition, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us, for all claims of creditors to the extent that we fail to obtain executed waivers from such entities in order to protect the amounts
held in trust, except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we cannot assure you that the liquidator will not determine that he or she requires
additional time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of
any creditors). We also cannot assure you that a creditor or shareholder will not file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court
which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution
of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders. 

If we are deemed to be insolvent, distributions made to public shareholders,
or part of them, from our trust account may be subject to claw back in certain circumstances. 

If we do not complete our initial business combination
by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), and instead distribute
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption,
it will be necessary for our directors to pass a board resolution approving the redemption of those ordinary shares and the payment of
the proceeds to public shareholders. Such board resolutions are required to confirm that we satisfy the solvency test prescribed by the
Companies Act (namely that the value of our assets exceed our liabilities; and that we are able to pay our debts as they fall due). If,
after the redemption proceeds are paid to public shareholders, it transpires that our financial position at the time was such that it
did not satisfy the solvency test, the Companies Act provides a mechanism by which those proceeds could be recovered from public shareholders.
However, the Companies Act also provides for circumstances where such proceeds could not be subject to claw back, namely where (a) the
public shareholders received the proceeds in good faith and without knowledge of our failure to satisfy the solvency test; (b) a public
shareholder altered its position in reliance on the validity of the payment of the proceeds; or (c) it would be unfair to require repayment
of the proceeds in full or at all. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may
make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely effect
the market price of our ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement, our
initial shareholders and EarlyBirdCapital, and their permitted transferees can demand that we register for resale an aggregate of 1,150,000
founder shares, 261,000 insider units and underlying securities, 100,000 representative shares, and up to 150,000 units, and underlying
securities, issuable upon conversion of working capital loans. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly
or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined
entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our ordinary shares that is expected when
the securities owned by our sponsor, holders of our private units or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

22 

Because we are not limited to any particular business or specific
geographic location or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain
the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

Although we are focused on businesses that have
their primary operations in the Asia-pacific region, we may pursue acquisition opportunities in any geographic region and in any
business industry or sector. Except for the limitations that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, a target business have a
fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less taxes payable) and that we are not permitted to effectuate our
initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations, we will have virtually unrestricted
flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. There is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks
of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects.
To the extent we consummate our initial business combination, we may be effected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations
with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales
or earnings, we may be effected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage
entity. Although our officers and directors endeavour to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some
of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. An investment in our units may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment,
if such opportunity were available, in an acquisition target. 

Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of
future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our management team and their affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. As such, any past performance
by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination
or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance
of our management team as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is
likely to, generate going forward. None of our officers or directors has had experience with any blank check companies in the past. 

We may seek investment opportunities outside of our management s
area of expertise and our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all significant risks associated with the target
company. 

There is no limitation on the industry or business
sector we may consider when contemplating our initial business combination. We may therefore be presented with a business combination
candidate in an industry unfamiliar to our management team, but determine that such candidate offers an attractive investment opportunity
for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an investment outside of our management s expertise, our management s experience
may not be directly applicable to the target business or their evaluation of its operations. 

Although we identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe
are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does
not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified specific criteria
and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we consummate our initial business combination with a target that
does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet
all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce our initial business combination with a target that does not meet
our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult
for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or the rules of Nasdaq, or we decide to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination
if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share or potentially less than 10.20 per share on our redemption, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

23 

Management s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
acquisition candidate, along with our management s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead
management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our shareholders. 

Subject to the requirement that, so long as our
securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such
initial business combination, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate.
Investors will be relying on management s ability to identify business combinations, evaluate their merits, conduct or monitor diligence
and conduct negotiations. Management s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with
management s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition
agreement that is not in the best interest of our shareholders. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent firm, and consequently, an independent source may not confirm that the price we are paying for the
business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we consummate our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders
will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Our board of directors will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair
market value of the target acquisition. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional ordinary or preferred shares to complete
our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan upon or after consummation of our initial business combination, which
would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our memorandum and articles of association authorize
the issuance of an unlimited amount of both ordinary shares of no par value and preferred shares of no par value. We may issue a substantial
number of additional ordinary or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan upon
or after consummation of our initial business combination (although our memorandum and articles of association provides that we may not
issue securities that can vote with ordinary shareholders on matters related to our pre-initial business combination activity). 

However, our memorandum and articles of association
provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the
holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our
memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with the approval
of our shareholders. However, our executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will
not propose any amendment to our memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we
fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares. 

24 

Although no such issuance of ordinary or preferred
shares will effect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account, the issuance of additional ordinary or preferred
shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of existing investors, who will not have pre-emption rights in respect of such an issuance; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights created by amendment of our memorandum and articles of association by resolution of the directors senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, ordinary shares, rights, or warrants. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not
consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 

The investigation of each specific target business
and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments requires substantial
management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial
business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if
we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate our initial business combination for any number
of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share or potentially less than 10.20 per share on our redemption, and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may qualify as a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders of our securities. 

If we are determined to be a PFIC (under the rules
described below) for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined below)
of our ordinary shares, rights, or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be
subject to additional reporting requirements. The term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of ordinary shares, rights or
warrants who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation
(or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated as created
or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of
which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if (A) a court within the United States
is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control
all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person. 

A foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be
a PFIC for U.S. tax purposes if at least 75 of its gross income in a taxable year, including its pro rata share of the gross income of
any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25 of the shares by value, is passive income. Alternatively, a foreign corporation
will be a PFIC if at least 50 of its assets in a taxable year of the foreign corporation, ordinarily determined based on fair market
value and averaged quarterly over the year, including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to
own at least 25 of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes
dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains
from the disposition of passive assets. 

25 

Because we are a blank check company, with no
current active business, we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or income test for our current taxable year ending
December 31, 2020. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation
has gross income (the start-up year , which in our case is the taxable year ending December 31, 2020), if (1) no predecessor
of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the Internal Revenue Service IRS that it will not be a PFIC
for either of the two taxable years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years.
The applicability of the start-up exception to us will not be known until after the close of our current taxable year ending December
31, 2020. After the acquisition of a company or assets in a business combination, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending on
the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as the passive income and assets of the acquired
business. If the company that we acquire in a business combination is a PFIC, then we will likely not qualify for the start-up exception
and will be a PFIC for our current taxable year ending December 31, 2020. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any future
taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Accordingly, there can be no assurance with
respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year ending December 31, 2020 or any future taxable year. 

If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable
year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares, rights or warrants and, in the
case of our ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder did not make either a timely qualified electing fund QEF election for our
first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) ordinary shares or a timely mark to market 
election, each as described below, such holder generally will be subject to special rules with respect to: 

any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its ordinary shares, rights or warrants; and 

any excess distribution made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125 of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of the ordinary shares during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder s holding period for the ordinary shares). 

Under these rules, 

the U.S. Holder s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder s holding period for the ordinary shares, rights and warrants (as applicable); 

the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder s holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income; 

the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and 

the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect of the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder. 

In general, if we are determined to be a PFIC,
a U.S. Holder may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our ordinary shares (but not our warrants and likely not
our rights) by making a timely QEF election (if eligible to do so) to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as
long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed,
in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends. A U.S. Holder generally may make a separate election
to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject
to an interest charge. 

26 

The treatment of the rights to acquire our ordinary
shares is unclear. For example, the rights may be viewed as a forward contract, derivative security or similar interest in our company
(analogous to a warrant or option with no exercise price), and thus the holder of the right would not be viewed as owning the ordinary
shares issuable pursuant to the rights until such ordinary shares are actually issued. There may be other alternative characterizations
of the rights that the IRS may successfully assert, including that the rights are treated as equity in our company at the time the rights
are issued, that would reach different conclusions regarding the tax treatment of the rights under the PFIC rules. In any case, depending
on which characterization is successfully applied to the rights, different PFIC consequences may result for U.S. Holders of the rights.
It is also likely that a U.S. Holder of rights would not be able to make a QEF or mark-to-market election (discussed below) with respect
to such U.S. Holder s rights. Due to the uncertainty of the application of the PFIC rules to the rights, all potential investors
are strongly urged to consult with their own tax advisors regarding an investment in the rights offered hereunder as part of the units
offering and the subsequent consequences to holders of such rights in any initial business combination. 

A U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with
respect to its warrants to acquire our ordinary shares. As a result, if a U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other
than upon exercise of such warrants), any gain recognized generally will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating
the gain as an excess distribution, as described above, if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants.
If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired ordinary shares (or has
previously made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired ordinary shares,
but the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the
QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired ordinary shares (which generally will be deemed to have a holding
period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants), unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging
election. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market value. The gain recognized by the purging election
will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result
of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will have a new basis and holding period in the ordinary shares acquired upon the exercise of
the warrants for purposes of the PFIC rules. 

The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder
basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A QEF election may not be made with respect to our warrants. A
U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign Investment
Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC annual information statement, to a timely filed U.S.
federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing
a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult
their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances. 

In order to comply with the requirements of a
QEF election, a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year,
we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in
order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge
of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided. 

If a U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with
respect to our ordinary shares, and the special tax and interest charge rules do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election
for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant
to a purging election, as described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our ordinary shares generally will be taxable as capital
gain and no interest charge will be imposed under the PFIC rules. As discussed above, U.S. Holders of a QEF are currently taxed on their
pro rata shares of its earnings and profits, whether or not distributed. In such case, a subsequent distribution of such earnings and
profits that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend to such U.S. Holders. The tax basis of a
U.S. Holder s shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and decreased by amounts distributed but
not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. 

27 

Although a determination as to our PFIC status
will be made annually, an initial determination that our company is a PFIC will generally apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder
who held ordinary shares, rights or warrants while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent
years. A U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or
is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, however, will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above in respect
to such shares. In addition, such U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such shares for any taxable
year of us that ends within or with a taxable year of the U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand, if the QEF election
is not effective for each of our taxable years in which we are a PFIC and the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares,
the PFIC rules discussed above will continue to apply to such shares unless the holder makes a purging election, as described above, and
pays the tax and interest charge with respect to the gain inherent in such shares attributable to the pre-QEF election period. 

Alternatively, if a U.S. Holder, at the close
of its taxable year, owns shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable stock, the U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with
respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the
U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) ordinary shares in us and for which we are determined to be a PFIC,
such holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its ordinary shares. Instead, in general, the
U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income each year the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of
its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its ordinary shares. The U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary loss in respect
of the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of its ordinary shares over the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its
taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The
U.S. Holder s basis in its ordinary shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized
on a sale or other taxable disposition of the ordinary shares will be treated as ordinary income. Currently, a mark-to-market election
likely may not be made with respect to our rights or warrants. 

The mark-to-market election is available only
for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
the Nasdaq Capital Market, or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price
represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and
tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our ordinary shares under their particular circumstances. 

If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign
subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC,
and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose
of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the
lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make
or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the
status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can
be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their
own tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs. 

A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own)
shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621 (whether or not a QEF or market-to-market
election is made) and such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. 

The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF
and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S.
Holders of our ordinary shares, rights or warrants should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules
to our ordinary shares, rights or warrants under their particular circumstances. 

U.S. federal income tax reform could adversely affect us and holders
of our units. 

On December 22, 2017, former President Trump
signed into law H.R. 1, originally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which significantly reformed the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. The new legislation, among other things, changes the U.S. federal tax rates, imposes significant additional
limitations on the deductibility of interest, allows the expensing of capital expenditures, and puts into effect the migration from a
 worldwide system of taxation to a territorial system. We continue to examine the impact this tax reform legislation may
have on us. The impact of this tax reform, as well as the tax reform currently
contemplated by President Biden, or of any future administrative guidance interpreting provisions thereof, on holders of our units
is uncertain and could be adverse. This Report does not discuss any such tax legislation or the manner in which it might affect holders
of our units. We urge prospective investors to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to any such legislation and the
potential tax consequences of investing in our units. 

28 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with
our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business
combination, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction
may require a shareholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members
are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders
may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

After our initial business combination, it is likely that a majority
of our directors and officers will continue to live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United
States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is likely that after our initial business combination,
a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the
United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in most cases not practical or possible, for investors in the United States to enforce
their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts
predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on a majority of our directors and officers under United States laws. 

U.S. laws in the future may restrict or eliminate our ability to
complete a business combination with certain companies. 

Future developments in U.S. laws may restrict
our ability or willingness to complete certain business combinations with companies. For instance, the federal government has recently
proposed legislation that would restrict our ability to consummate a business combination with a target business unless that business
met certain standards of the PCAOB and would require delisting of a company from national securities exchanges if it failed to retain
an accounting firm that the PCAOB has inspected to the satisfaction of the SEC. Such proposed legislation would also would require public
companies to disclose whether they are owned or controlled by a foreign government, specifically, those based in China. We may not be
able to consummate a business combination with a favored target business due to these laws. Furthermore, the documentation we may be required
to submit to the SEC proving certain beneficial ownership requirements and establishing that we are not owned or controlled by a foreign
government in the event that we use a foreign public accounting firm not subject to inspection by the PCAOB or where the PCAOB is unable
to completely inspect or investigate our accounting practices or financial statements because of a position taken by an authority in the
foreign jurisdiction could be onerous and time consuming to prepare. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
and to be successful thereafter will be largely dependent upon the efforts of our officers, directors and key personnel, some of whom
may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of our officers, directors, or key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our business. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service
of our officers and directors, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors
are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, have conflicts of interest in allocating management
time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Additionally, we do not intend
to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

29 

The role of such persons in the target business,
however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of such persons may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, our assessment of these
individuals may not prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by
the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements
with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the
company after the consummation of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence
their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us
after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we
will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us
after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management or advisory positions
with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective
target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may be
limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign
upon consummation of our initial business combination. The loss of an acquisition target s key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the consummation of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that some members of the management team of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may
in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our business combination,
we will continue to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our officers and directors are, or
may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. 

30 

Our officers also may become aware of business
opportunities, which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor or that a potential target business would not be presented to another entity
prior to its presentation to us. 

The shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors may
not participate in liquidation distributions and, therefore, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors have waived their right
to redeem their founder shares, private shares, shares underlying private rights and warrants, or any other ordinary shares acquired,
or to receive distributions with respect to their founder shares, private shares, or shares underlying private rights and warrants upon
our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination, until all of the claims of any redeeming shareholders
and creditors are fully satisfied (and then only from funds held outside the trust account). Accordingly, these securities will be worthless
if we do not consummate our initial business combination. Any rights and warrants they hold, like those held by the public, will also
be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers
may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently,
our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of
interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders 
best interest. 

We may engage in our initial business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, which may raise
potential conflicts of interest. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In light of the involvement of
our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor,
officers and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Although we are not be specifically
focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such
affiliated entity met our criteria for our initial business combination. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent firm regarding the fairness to our shareholders from a financial point of view of a business
combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential
conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public
shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Our directors have a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of our
shareholders, whether or not a conflict of interest may exist. 

Since our sponsor will lose its entire investment in us if our initial
business combination is not consummated and our officers and directors have significant financial interests in us, a conflict of interest
may arise in determining whether a particular acquisition target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

In May, August and September 2019, our initial
shareholders, purchased an aggregate of 1,150,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.022 per
share. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased
261,000 insider units, each consisting of one ordinary share, a right to 1/10 of one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one ordinary
share, for an aggregate purchase price of 2,610,000 that will also be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. 

31 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur
substantial debt, to complete our initial business combination, which may adversely affect our financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt except the promissory note with our
sponsor as otherwise disclosed in this Report, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete initial business combination. Furthermore,
we may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an
employee incentive plan upon or after consummation of our initial business combination (although our memorandum and articles of association
will provide that we may not issue securities that can vote with ordinary shareholders on matters related to our pre-initial business
combination activity). We and our officers and directors have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from
the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance
of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have
a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the
proceeds of our initial public offering, and the sale of the private units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business,
which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our initial public offering
and the sale of the private units provides us with approximately 46,000,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination. 

We may effectuate our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business
combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the
requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition
of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By consummating our initial business combination with only
a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would
not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities,
which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.
Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

32 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously consummate business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
the initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to consummate our initial business combination with
a private company about which little information is available, which may result in our initial business combination with a company that
is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek
to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information exists about private companies;
and we therefore could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of
limited information, which may result in our initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if
at all. 

Our management team and our shareholders may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. 

We may structure our initial business combination
to acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only consummate such business combination
if we will become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances
for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
Even though we may own a majority interest in the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of
a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of
our outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their
holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly,
this may make it more likely that we will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

Holders of rights or warrants will not participate in
liquidating distributions if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period. 

If we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, the rights and warrants will expire
and holders will not receive any of such proceeds with respect to the rights or warrants. The foregoing may provide a financial incentive
to public shareholders that also own rights or warrants to vote in favor of any proposed initial business combination as their rights
or warrants would entitle them to purchase ordinary shares 30 days after consummation of such business combination. If a business combination
is not approved, the rights and warrants will expire and will be worthless. 

33 

If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating
to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, public holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a cashless
basis which would result in a fewer number of shares being issued to the holder had such holder exercised the warrants for cash. 

If we do not maintain a current and effective
prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrant at the time that holders wish to exercise such
warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided that an exemption from registration is available.
As a result, the number of ordinary shares that a holder will receive upon exercise of its public warrants will be fewer than it would
have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not
be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective
prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement,
we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able
to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company may be reduced
or the warrants may expire worthless. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the private rights and warrants may be exercisable for unregistered
ordinary shares for cash even if the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current
and effective. 

An investor will only be able to exercise a right or warrant
if the issuance of ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of
the state of residence of the holder of the rights or warrants. 

No public rights or warrants will be exercisable
for cash and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless the ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise has been registered
or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the rights or warrants. At the
time that the rights or warrants become exercisable, we expect to have our securities listed on a national securities exchange, which
would provide an exemption from registration in every state. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. If the ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the rights or warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the
rights or warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless
if they cannot be sold. 

Our management s ability to require holders of our warrants
to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants
than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. 

If we call our public warrants for redemption
after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Report have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any
holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees) to
do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis,
the number of ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant
for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. 

We may amend the terms of the rights in a manner that may be adverse
to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding rights. 

Our rights are issued in registered form under
a right agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent, and us. The right agreement provides that the
terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The right
agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding rights in order to make any change that
adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a way that may be adverse
to holders with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants. 

Our warrants are issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision.
The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change
that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

34 

We have no obligation to net cash settle the rights or warrants. 

In no event will we have any obligation to net
cash settle the rights or warrants. Furthermore, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of
the rights or warrants upon consummation of our initial business combination or exercise of the warrants. Accordingly, the rights and
warrants may expire worthless, and you may not receive the ordinary shares underlying the rights and warrants. 

Our rights and warrants may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued rights and warrants to purchase 4,600,000
of our ordinary shares, as part of the units sold in our initial public offering, as well as rights and warrants to purchase 261,000 of
our ordinary shares, as part of a private placement; in each case, each right equals 1/10 of an ordinary share and the warrants are exercisable
at a price of 11.50 per share. In addition, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated
to, make certain loans to us, up to 1,500,000 of which may be converted upon consummation of our initial business combination into additional
private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 150,000 ordinary shares if 1,500,000
of notes were so converted, as well as 150,000 rights, and 150,000 warrants to purchase 150,000 shares upon the consummation of an
initial business combination). To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance
of a substantial number of additional ordinary shares upon exercise of these rights or warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value
of the ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our rights and warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate
a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise their redemption
rights may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

If our initial business combination requires us
to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many public shareholders may exercise redemption
rights, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such redemption, or we may need to arrange third
party financing to help fund our initial business combination. In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of our ordinary
shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our ordinary shares to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising
additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels.
This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us. 

We may be unable to consummate an initial business combination if
a target business requires that we have a certain amount of cash at closing, in which case public shareholders may have to remain shareholders
of our company and wait until our redemption of the public shares to receive a pro rata share of the trust account or attempt to sell
their shares in the open market. 

A potential target may make it a closing condition
to our initial business combination that we have a certain amount of cash in excess of the 5,000,001 of net tangible assets we are required
to have pursuant to our organizational documents available immediately prior to or at the time of closing. If the number of our public
shareholders electing to exercise their redemption rights has the effect of reducing the amount of money available to us to consummate
an initial business combination below such minimum amount required by the target business and we are not able to locate an alternative
source of funding, we will not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable
target within the applicable time period, if at all. In that case, public shareholders may have to remain shareholders of our company
and beyond December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), in order
to be able to receive a portion of the trust account, or attempt to sell their shares in the open market prior to such time, in which
case they may receive less than they would have in a liquidation of the trust account. 

35 

In connection with any meeting held to approve
an initial business combination, we will offer each public shareholder (but not our initial shareholders, officers or directors) the right
to have his, her or its ordinary shares redeemed for cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this report) regardless of
whether such shareholder votes for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all. We will consummate our initial
business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation and a majority
of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. This is different than other similarly structured
blank check companies where shareholders are offered the right to redeem their shares only when they vote against a proposed business
combination. This threshold and the ability to seek redemption while voting in favor of a proposed business combination may make it more
likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

We will require public shareholders who wish to redeem their ordinary
shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult
for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

We will require our public shareholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the expiration date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders,
or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, at the holder s option. In order to obtain a physical share certificate, a shareholder s broker and/or
clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that shareholders should
generally allow at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control
over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate.
While we have learned that it may take a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, this may not be the case. Under our memorandum
and articles of association, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any shareholder meeting, which would be the
minimum amount of time a shareholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. Accordingly, if it takes longer than
we anticipate for shareholders to deliver their ordinary shares, shareholders who wish to redeem may be unable to meet the deadline for
exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable to redeem their ordinary shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply
with the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares, its ordinary shares may not
be redeemed. 

Additionally, despite our compliance with the
proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, shareholders may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem their shares. 

Redeeming shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when
they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. 

We will require public shareholders who wish to
redeem their ordinary shares in connection with any proposed business combination to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above
for redemption. If such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public
shareholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to redeem their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities
after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our ordinary shares may decline during
this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other shareholders that did not seek redemption
may be able to sell their securities. 

36 

Because of our structure, other companies may have a competitive
advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination. 

We have encountered and expect to continue to
encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including private
equity groups, venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities
are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited
when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Therefore, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses
may be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking shareholder approval of our initial business combination may delay the consummation
of a transaction. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination.
Additionally, our outstanding rights and warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by
certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. 

The provisions of our memorandum and articles of association relating
to the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares, including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account
such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be
amended prior to the consummation of our initial business combination with the approval of the holders of 65 (or 50 if for the purposes
of approving, or in conjunction with, the consummation of our initial business combination) of our outstanding ordinary shares attending
and voting on such amendment at the relevant meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of many blank check companies. It
may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the consummation of our initial business
combination that a significant number of our shareholders may not support. 

Our memorandum and articles of association provides
that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, its provisions related to pre-business combination activity
and the rights and obligations attaching to the ordinary shares, including to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such
that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended
if approved by holders of 65 (or 50 if approved in connection with our initial business combination) of our outstanding ordinary shares
attending and voting on such amendment. Prior to our initial business combination, if we seek to amend any provisions of our memorandum
and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote on any proposed amendments to
our memorandum and articles of association. Other provisions of our memorandum and articles of association may be amended prior to the
consummation of our initial business combination if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment
or by resolution of the directors. Following the consummation of our initial business combination, the rights and obligations attaching
to our ordinary shares and other provisions of our memorandum and articles of association may be amended if approved by a majority of
the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Our initial shareholders, which beneficially
own approximately 23.22 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our memorandum and articles of association and
will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our memorandum and
articles of association which govern our pre-business combination and the rights and obligations attaching to the ordinary shares
behavior more easily that many blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to consummate our initial business combination
with which you do not agree. However, we and our directors and officers have agreed not to propose any amendment to our memorandum and
articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination)
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

37 

If we do not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after
the consummation of our initial business combination, shareholders will not be afforded an opportunity to elect directors and to discuss
company affairs with management until such time. 

Unless otherwise required by law or the rules
of Nasdaq, we do not currently intend to call an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination.
If our shareholders want us to hold a meeting prior to our consummation of our initial business combination, they may do so by members
holding not less than thirty percent of voting rights in respect of the matter for which the meeting is requested making a request in
writing to the directors in accordance with Section 82(2) of the Companies Act. Under the Companies Act, we may not increase the required
percentage to call a meeting above thirty percent. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded
the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. 

A market for our securities may not be sustained, which would adversely
affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The price of our securities may vary significantly
due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. An active trading market for our securities
may not be sustained. Additionally, if our securities become delisted from Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board,
an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not listed on a national exchange, the liquidity and price of our
securities may be more limited than if we were listed on Nasdaq or another national exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities
unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Our securities may not continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our securities are listed on Nasdaq. However,
we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. Additionally, in connection with our business
combination, Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to
its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a determination that our ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our ordinary shares; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial
statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The United States federal proxy rules require
that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection
with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements must be prepared
in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, and the historical financial statements must be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and consummate our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or
March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) 

38 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it
more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing a business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ending December
31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the
independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as
long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm
attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

We may re-domicile or continue out of the British Virgin Islands
into another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction will likely govern all
of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business or re-domicile or continue out of from the British Virgin Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction would likely govern all of our material agreements. The system
of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the
United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital. Any such reincorporation and the international nature of our business will likely subject
us to foreign regulation. 

You may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your
ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited, because we are incorporated under British Virgin Islands
law. 

We are a company incorporated under the laws of
the British Virgin Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against
our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs will be governed by our
memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights of shareholders
to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
British Virgin Islands law are governed by the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The common law of the British
Virgin Islands is derived from English common law, and whilst the decisions of the English courts are of persuasive authority, they are
not binding on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors
under British Virgin Islands law may not be as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions
in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United
States, and some states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition,
while statutory provisions do exist in British Virgin Islands law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders
in BVI companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances
in which any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action, may result
in the rights of shareholders of a BVI company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States.
Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred. 

39 

The British Virgin Islands Courts are also unlikely: 

to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; and 

to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands, based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature. 

There is no statutory recognition in the British
Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States; however, the courts of the British Virgin Islands will generally recognise
as a valid judgment, a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the United States courts against our company
under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like
nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (a) such courts had proper jurisdiction
over the parties subject to such judgment, (b) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of the British Virgin Islands,
(c) such judgment was not obtained by fraud, (d) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of the British
Virgin Islands, (e) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts
of the British Virgin Islands and (f) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by our board of directors, management or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company. For a discussion of certain differences between the provisions
of the Companies Act, remedies available to shareholders and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their
shareholders, see British Virgin Islands Company Considerations. 

Our memorandum and articles of association permit the board of directors
by resolution to amend our memorandum and articles of association, including to create additional classes of securities, including shares
with rights, preferences, designations and limitations as they determine which may have an anti-takeover effect. 

Our memorandum and articles of association permit
the board of directors by resolution to amend certain provisions of the memorandum and articles of association including to designate
rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to the preferred shares as they determine in their discretion, without shareholder
approval with respect the terms or the issuance. If issued, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of the preferred shares
would be set by the board of directors by amendment to relevant provisions of the memorandum and articles of association and could operate
to the disadvantage of the outstanding ordinary shares the holders of which would not have any pre-emption rights in respect of such
an issue of preferred shares. Such terms could include, among others, preferences as to dividends and distributions on liquidation, or
could be used to prevent possible corporate takeovers. We may issue some or all of such preferred shares in connection with our initial
business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we and our directors and officers have agreed not propose any amendment to our memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by December 25, 2021 (or March 25, 2022 if we fully extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be
certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our securities less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth within
the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our ordinary shares held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any six month period before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging
growth company. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities
may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our
securities may be more volatile. 

40 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period as discussed in
detail in this report which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accountant standards used. 

Our private warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes
in value of warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the
Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting
considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting
Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Statement ).
Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a business
combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. As a result of the SEC Statement,
we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our 4,600,000 public warrants and 261,000 private placement warrants, and determined to classify
the private warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. 

As a result, included on our consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2020 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained
within our private warrants. Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and ASC 820, Fair
Value Measurement, provide for the remeasurement of the fair value of private warrants at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash
gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring
fair value measurement, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly based on factors, which
are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on
our private warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 

Our redeemable ordinary shares are classified as temporary equity
and the changes in value of redeemable ordinary shares could have a material effect on our financial results. 

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s
ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary
equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Because the Public Shares issued
in the Initial Public Offering can be redeemed or become redeemable subject to the occurrence of future events considered outside of the
Company s control, the Company should have classified all of these redeemable shares in temporary equity and remeasured these redeemable
shares to their redemption value (i.e., 10.00 per share) as of the end of the first reporting period after the date of the Company s
Initial Public Offering. Historically, the Public Shares were partially presented as component of temporary equity as opposed to
all of temporary equity on the balance sheet and accumulated deficit did not include the subsequent non-cash changes in redemption value
of Public Shares. 

We have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective as of December 31, 2020. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence
in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Following this issuance of the SEC Statement,
based on management s evaluation, the Company s audit committee, in consultation with management, concluded that the Company
should have classified its warrants as derivative liabilities and its redeemable ordinary shares as temporary equity in its previously
issued audited balance sheet dated as of December 31, 2019. See Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes
in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results and Our redeemable ordinary shares
are classified as temporary equity and the changes in value of redeemable ordinary shares could have a material effect on our financial
results. As a result, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for
us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to improve our internal control over financial
reporting. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly, and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

41 

A material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. If we identify any material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, any such material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement
of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case,
we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result.
We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential
future material weaknesses. 

We may face litigation and other risks and uncertainties as a result
of our internal control over financial reporting and the revision of our financial statement. 

Following this issuance of the SEC Statement,
on April 29, 2021, based on management s evaluation, the Company s audit committee, in consultation with management, concluded
that the Company should have classified its warrants as derivative liabilities and its redeemable ordinary shares as temporary equity
in its previously issued audited balance sheet dated as of December 31, 2019. See Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results and Our redeemable
ordinary shares are classified as temporary equity and the changes in value of redeemable ordinary shares could have a material effect
on our financial results. As a result, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective. 

As a result of our disclosure controls and procedures,
the revision of previously issued financials of the Company, the change in accounting for the warrants and other matters raised or that
may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation, inquiries from the SEC and other regulatory bodies, other disputes
or proceedings which may include, among other things, monetary judgments, penalties or other sanctions, claims invoking the federal and
state securities laws and contractual claims. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation, inquires,
disputes or proceedings. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation, inquiries, disputes or proceedings will not arise
in the future. Any such litigation, inquiries, disputes or proceedings, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

We may seek investment opportunities with a financially unstable
business or in its early stages of development. 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining
key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may
not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with
which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. 

The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to, and
other infectious diseases could in the future, adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any
potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we
may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to
have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate
and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning
the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by
COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

42 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside
of the United States 

If we effect our initial business combination with a company located
outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies
operating in the target business home jurisdiction, including any of the following: 

rules and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. 

Because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border
business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

Managing a business, operations, personnel or
assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced
in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices.
Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations,
personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and
operational performance. 

If social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in
laws and regulations, political upheaval, or policy changes or enactments occur in a country in which we may operate after we effect our
initial business combination, it may result in a negative impact on our business. 

Political events in another country may significantly
affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political
upheaval, and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular country. 

Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and
underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results
of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections,
including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against
us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition. 

43 

Rules and regulations in many countries are often
ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels.
The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent. 

Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular
rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations
abroad and negatively impact our results. 

If relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate,
it could cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. 

The relationship between the United States and
foreign governments could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For instance, the United States may announce its intention
to impose or increase quotas or tariffs on certain imports. Such import quotas or tarriffs may adversely affect political relations between
the two countries and result in retaliatory countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that may affect our ultimate target
business. Changes in political conditions in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S. relations with such countries are difficult
to predict and could adversely affect our operations or cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive.
Because we are not limited to any specific industry, there is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on
our ultimate operations if relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business
or move our principal manufacturing or service operations. 

If any dividend is declared in the future and paid in a foreign
currency, you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive. 

If you are a U.S. holder of our ordinary shares,
you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends, if any, at the time you receive them, even if you actually receive a smaller
amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Specifically, if a dividend is declared and paid in a
foreign currency, the amount of the dividend distribution that you must include in your income as a U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar
value of the payments made in the foreign currency, determined at the spot rate of the foreign currency to the U.S. dollar on the date
the dividend distribution is includible in your income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Thus,
if the value of the foreign currency decreases before you actually convert the currency into U.S. dollars, you will be taxed on a larger
amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive. 

If our management following our initial business combination is
unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, certain
members of our management team will likely resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the
target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with
United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely
affect our operations. 

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our
assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly,
our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments
and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. The economies across the
Asia-pacific region differ from the economies of most developed countries in many respects. Such economic growth has been uneven,
both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future predominant
regional economies including China experience a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending
in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

44 

Currency policies may cause a target business ability to
succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all
revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any,
could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate
and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business
combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may
make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

Because foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements,
we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business,
business opportunities or capital. 

Foreign law could govern almost all of our material
agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available outside of
such foreign jurisdiction s legal system. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdiction
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The judiciaries in the Asia-pacific region, including
China, are relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual degree of uncertainty as
to the outcome of any litigation. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result
in a significant loss of business and business opportunities. 

Many of the economies in the Asia-pacific region are experiencing
substantial inflationary pressures which may prompt the governments to take action to control the growth of the economy and inflation
that could lead to a significant decrease in our profitability following our initial business combination. 

While many of the economies in the Asia-pacific region
have experienced rapid growth over the last two decades, they have also experienced inflationary pressures. As governments take steps
to address inflationary pressures, there may be significant changes in the availability of bank credits, interest rates, limitations on
loans, restrictions on currency conversions and foreign investment. There also may be imposition of price controls. If prices for the
products of our ultimate target business rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies, it may
have an adverse effect on our profitability. If these or other similar restrictions are imposed by a government to influence the economy,
it may lead to a slowing of economic growth. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, the ultimate industry that we operate
in may be affected more severely by such a slowing of economic growth. 

Many industries in Asia are subject to government regulations that
limit or prohibit foreign investments in such industries, which may limit the potential number of acquisition candidates. 

Governments in many Asian countries have imposed
regulations that limit foreign investors equity ownership or prohibit foreign investments altogether in companies that operate
in certain industries. As a result, the number of potential acquisition candidates available to us may be limited or our ability to grow
and sustain the business, which we ultimately acquire will be limited. 

45 

If a country in Asia enacts regulations in industry segments that
forbid or restrict foreign investment, our ability to consummate our initial business combination could be severely impaired. 

Many of the rules and regulations that companies
face concerning foreign ownership are not explicitly communicated. If new laws or regulations forbid or limit foreign investment in industries
in which we want to complete our initial business combination, they could severely impair our candidate pool of potential target businesses.
Additionally, if the relevant central and local authorities find us or the target business with which we ultimately complete our initial
business combination to be in violation of any existing or future laws or regulations, they would have broad discretion in dealing with
such a violation, including, without limitation: 

levying fines; 

revoking our business and other licenses; 

requiring that we restructure our ownership or operations; and 

requiring that we discontinue any portion or all of our business. 

Any of the above could have an adverse effect
on our company post-business combination and could materially reduce the value of your investment. 

Corporate governance standards in Asia may not be as strict or developed
as in the United States and such weakness may hide issues and operational practices that are detrimental to a target business. 

General corporate governance standards in some
countries are weak in that they do not prevent business practices that cause unfavorable related party transactions, over-leveraging,
improper accounting, family company interconnectivity and poor management. Local laws often do not go far enough to prevent improper business
practices. Therefore, shareholders may not be treated impartially and equally as a result of poor management practices, asset shifting,
conglomerate structures that result in preferential treatment to some parts of the overall company, and cronyism. The lack of transparency
and ambiguity in the regulatory process also may result in inadequate credit evaluation and weakness that may precipitate or encourage
financial crisis. In our evaluation of a business combination we will have to evaluate the corporate governance of a target and the business
environment, and in accordance with United States laws for reporting companies take steps to implement practices that will cause compliance
with all applicable rules and accounting practices. Notwithstanding these intended efforts, there may be endemic practices and local laws
that could add risk to an investment we ultimately make and that result in an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 

If, due to restrictions on foreign investment in a target business,
we have to acquire the business through the use of contractual arrangements and governments, including in China, may determine that such
contractual arrangements do not comply with foreign investment regulations, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing
regulations change or new restrictive or prohibitive regulations come into force in the future, we could be subject to significant penalties
or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. 

Because of the above mentioned industrial restrictions,
foreign investors often acquire control of businesses through the use of contractual arrangements pursuant to which they effectively control
the business. There are uncertainties as to whether such contractual arrangements comply with the regulations prohibiting or restricting
foreign ownership in certain industries and jurisdictions. In addition, even if such arrangements are not in violation of current regulations,
such regulations are subject to change in the future and may be broadened to further restrict foreign investments in new industries or
new category of assets. 

If we or any of our potential future target businesses
are found to be in violation of any existing or future local laws or regulations with respect to foreign investment in local entities
(for example, if we are deemed to be holding equity interests in certain of our affiliated entities in which direct foreign ownership
is prohibited), the relevant regulatory authorities might have the discretion to: 

revoke the business and operating licenses of the potential future target business; 

confiscate relevant income and impose fines and other penalties; 

discontinue or restrict the operations of the potential future target business; 

require us or potential future target business to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations; 

restrict or prohibit our use of the proceeds of our initial public offering to finance the target businesses and its operations; 

46 

impose conditions or requirements with which we or potential future target business may not be able to comply; or 

require us to discontinue a portion or all of our business. 

The imposition of any of the above penalties could
result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business as well as our financial situation and we might be forced
to relinquish our interests in operations. 

If we have to acquire a target business through contractual arrangements
with, or which results in, one or more operating businesses, such contracts may not be as effective in providing operational control as
direct ownership of such businesses. 

Restrictions, including those implemented by the
PRC limit foreign ownership of certain kinds of assets and companies operating in certain industries. The industry groups that are, or
may in the future be, restricted are wide ranging, including certain aspects of telecommunications, advertising, food production and heavy
equipment manufacturers, for example. In addition, there can be restrictions on the foreign ownership of businesses that are determined
from time to time to be in important industries that may affect the national economic security or that reflect on famous
nationally recognized names in the jurisdiction. Subject to the review and governmental approval requirements and subject to the various
percentage ownership limitations that exist from time to time, acquisitions involving foreign investors and parties in the various restricted
categories of assets and industries may nonetheless sometimes be consummated using contractual arrangements with permitted local parties.
To the extent such agreements are employed, they may be for control of specific assets such as intellectual property or control of blocks
of the equity ownership interests of a company which may provide exceptions to the merger and acquisition regulations mentioned above
since these types of arrangements typically do not involve a change of equity ownership in the target operating company. The agreements
would be designed to provide our company with the economic benefits of and control over the subject assets or equity interests similar
to the rights of full ownership, while leaving the technical ownership in the hands of local parties who would be our nominees and, therefore,
may exempt the transaction from the merger and acquisition regulations, including the application process required thereunder. However,
there has been limited implementation guidance provided with respect to the merger and acquisition regulations. There can be no assurance
the relevant government agencies would not apply them to a business combination effected through contractual arrangements. If such an
agency determines such an application should have made, consequences may include levying fines, revoking business and other licenses,
requiring restructure of ownership or operations and requiring discontinuation of any portion of all of the acquired business. These agreements
likely also would provide for increased ownership or full ownership and control by us when and if permitted under local law and regulation.
If we choose to effect our initial business combination that employs the use of these types of control arrangements, we may have difficulty
in enforcing our rights. Therefore, these contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing us with the same economic benefits,
accounting consolidation or control over a target business as would direct ownership. For example, if the target business or any other
entity fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend substantial
resources to enforce such arrangements, and rely on legal remedies under local law, including seeking specific performance or injunctive
relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure will be sufficient to off-set the cost of enforcement and may adversely affect
the benefits we expect to receive from the business combination. 

Regulations relating to the transfer of state-owned property rights
in enterprises may increase the cost of our acquisitions and impose an additional administrative burden on us. 

The legislation governing the acquisition of a
state-owned company may, and with respect to acquisitions in the PRC does, contain stringent governmental regulations. In the PRC,
the transfer of state-owned property rights in enterprises must take place through a government approved state-owned asset
exchange, and the value of the transferred property rights must be evaluated by local appraisal firms qualified to do state-owned assets
evaluation. The final price must not be less than 90 of the appraisal price. Additionally, bidding/auction procedures are essential
in the event that there is more than one potential transferee. In the case of an acquisition by foreign investors of state-owned enterprises,
the acquirer and the seller must make a resettlement plan to properly resettle the employees, and the resettlement plan must be approved
by the Employees Representative Congress. The seller must pay all unpaid wages and social welfare payments from the existing assets
of the target company to the employees. These regulations may adversely effect our ability to acquire a PRC state-owned business
or assets. 

47 

Should we choose to acquire a company in China, Exchange controls
that exist in the PRC may restrict or prevent us from using the proceeds of our initial public offering to acquire a target company in
PRC and limit our ability to utilize our cash flow effectively following our initial business combination. 

The State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement
of Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises, or Circular 19, effective on June 1, 2015, in replacement of the Circular on
the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital
of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 142, the Notice from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant Issues
Concerning Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Exchange Businesses, or Circular 59, and the Circular on Further Clarification
and Regulation of the Issues Concerning the Administration of Certain Capital Account Foreign Exchange Businesses, or Circular 45. According
to Circular 19, the flow and use of the RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company
is regulated such that RMB capital may not be used for the issuance of RMB entrusted loans, the repayment of inter-enterprise loans
or the repayment of banks loans that have been transferred to a third party. Although Circular 19 allows RMB capital converted from foreign
currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise to be used for equity investments within the PRC, it
also reiterates the principle that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated capital of a foreign-invested company
may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope. Thus, it is unclear whether SAFE will permit such capital
to be used for equity investments in the PRC in actual practice. SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital Account, or Circular 16, effective on
June 9, 2016, which reiterates some of the rules set forth in Circular 19, but changes the prohibition against using RMB capital
converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company to issue RMB entrusted loans to
a prohibition against using such capital to issue loans to non-associated enterprises. Violations of SAFE Circular 19 and Circular
16 could result in administrative penalties. 

As such, Circular 19 and Circular 16 may significantly
limit our ability to transfer the proceeds of our initial public offering to a PRC target company and the use of such proceeds by the
PRC target company. 

In addition, following our initial business combination
with a PRC target company, we will be subject to the PRC s rules and regulations on currency conversion. In the PRC, the SAFE regulates
the conversion of the Renminbi into foreign currencies. Currently, FIEs are required to apply to the SAFE for Foreign Exchange
Registration Certificates for FIEs. Following our initial business combination, we will likely be an FIE as a result of our ownership
structure. With such registration certificates, which need to be renewed annually, FIEs are allowed to open foreign currency accounts
including a basic account and capital account. Currency conversion within the scope of the basic account, 
such as remittance of foreign currencies for payment of dividends, can be effected without requiring the approval of the SAFE. However,
conversion of currency in the capital account, including capital items such as direct investment, loans and securities,
still require approval of the SAFE. 

We cannot assure you the PRC regulatory authorities
will not impose further restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi. Any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our
ability to use the proceeds of our initial public offering in an initial business combination with a PRC target company and the use our
cash flow for the distribution of dividends to our shareholders or to fund operations we may have outside of the PRC. 

48 

If we choose to acquire a business in China, our initial business
combination may be subject to national security review by the PRC government and we may have to spend additional resources and incur additional
time delays to complete any such business combination or be prevented from pursuing certain investment opportunities. 

The Security Review Regulations cover acquisitions
by foreign investors of a broad range of PRC enterprises if such acquisitions could result in de facto control by foreign investors and
the enterprises are relating to military, national defense, important agriculture products, important energy and natural resources, important
infrastructures, important transportation services, key technologies and important equipment manufacturing. The scope of the review includes
whether the acquisition will impact the national security, economic and social stability, and the research and development capabilities
on key national security related technologies. Foreign investors should submit a security review application to the Department of Commerce
for its initial review for contemplated acquisition. If the acquisition is considered to be within the scope of the Security Review Regulations,
the Department of Commerce will transfer the application to a joint security review committee within five business days for further review.
The joint security review committee, consisting of members from various PRC government agencies, will conduct a general review and seek
comments from relevant government agencies. The joint security review committee may initiate a further special review and request the
termination or restructuring of the contemplated acquisition if it determines that the acquisition will result in significant national
security issue. 

The Security Review Regulations will potentially
subject a large number of mergers and acquisitions transactions by foreign investors in China to an additional layer of regulatory review.
Currently, there is significant uncertainty as to the implication of the Security Review Regulations. Neither the Department of Commerce
nor other PRC government agencies have issued any detailed rules for the implementation of the Security Review Regulations. If, for example,
our potential initial business combination is with a target company operating in the PRC in any of the sensitive sectors identified above,
the transaction will be subject to the Security Review Regulations, and we may have to spend additional resources and incur additional
time delays to complete any such acquisition. We may also be prevented from pursuing certain investment opportunities if the PRC government
considers that the potential investments will result in a significant national security issue. 

In the event we successfully consummated business combination with
a target business with primary operation in PRC, we would be subject to restrictions on dividend payments following consummation of our
initial business combination. 

Should we consummate our initial business combination
with a Company within the jurisdiction of the PRC, we may rely on dividends and other distributions from our operating company to provide
us with cash flow and to meet our other obligations. Current PRC regulations would permit a local operating company to pay dividends to
us only out of its accumulated distributable profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
In addition, our operating company in PRC will be required to set aside at least 10 (up to an aggregate amount equal to half of its registered
capital) of its accumulated profits each year. Such cash reserve may not be distributed as cash dividends. In addition, if the operating
company incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make
other payments to us. 

Should we choose to acquire a company in China, we may acquire such
company through a variable interest entity (the VIE corporate structure as a holding company with no material operations
of our own, and conduct a substantial majority of business operations after the business combination consummated through our subsidiaries
established and the VIE in the PRC. 

Should we consummate our initial business combination
with a company within the jurisdiction of the PRC, we may acquire such company through a VIE corporate structure and may not have direct
ownership of such company acquired. We may control and receive the economic benefits of the business operations of the company acquired
through certain contractual arrangements (the VIE Agreements ). If the PRC government deems that the VIE Agreements in relation
to our VIE corporate structure do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if
these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we may have difficulty in enforcing any rights we
may have under the VIE Agreements in PRC and we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those
operations. Any failure by our consolidated variable interest entity, or its shareholders to perform their obligations under our VIE Arrangements
with them would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our PRC subsidiaries under the VIE corporate structure are subject to
restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our
business. The VIE Agreements in relation to our variable interest entity may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they
may determine that we or our PRC variable interest entity owe additional taxes, which could negatively affect our results of operations
and the value of your investment. Existing restrictions on VIE Agreements may also substantially limit, or entirely restrict, our ability
to complete our initial business combination with a company within the jurisdiction of the PRC. 

49 

Should we choose to acquire a company in China,
the approval of the PRC Securities Regulatory Commission may be required in connection with continue listing on U.S. exchange. 

Should we consummate our initial business combination
with a Company within the jurisdiction of the PRC, we, our subsidiaries or the company we acquired under the VIE corporate structure may
not be required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities, including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, or Cybersecurity
Administration Committee, or CAC, to list on U.S exchanges or issue securities to foreign investors, however, if our VIE corporate structure,
subsidiaries or the holding company are required to obtain approval in the future and are denied permission from Chinese authorities to
list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on U.S. exchange, which would materially affect the interest
of the investors. It is uncertain when and whether we will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchanges
in the future, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. Although we are currently not required
to obtain permission from any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial to list
on the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations
relating to its business or industry. 

Should we choose to acquire a company in China, we may become subject
to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable
for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

Should we consummate our initial business combination
with a Company within the jurisdiction of the PRC, we may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy,
data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and
interpretation of the laws that may be applicable to us in the future are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect
to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use, processing,
disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations often vary in scope, may be subject
to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. 

The PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment
7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies and their
employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained during the course of performing
duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November 7, 2016, the Standing
Committee of the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security Law, which became effective
on June 1, 2017. 

Pursuant to the Cyber Security Law, network operators
must not, without users consent, collect their personal information, and may only collect users personal information necessary
to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and services and shall comply
with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. 

The Civil Code of the PRC (issued by the PRC National
People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides main legal basis for privacy and personal
information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT,
and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. 

The PRC regulatory requirements regarding cybersecurity
are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the Cyberspace Administration of China, the Ministry
of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws and regulations with varying and evolving standards and
interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1,
2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review
when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

50 

In November 2016, the Standing Committee of
China s National People s Congress passed China s first Cybersecurity Law CSL ), which became effective
in June 2017. The CSL is the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements on cybersecurity and data protection,
subjecting many previously under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government scrutiny. The legal consequences of violation
of the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related business, winding up for rectification,
shutting down the websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration
of China and certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective in June 2020.
Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when
purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration
of China issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft Measures ), which required
that, in addition to operator of critical information infrastructure, any data processor carrying out data
processing activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated
the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the
risk of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited
the country; and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information
being affected, controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration of China has
said that under the proposed rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity approval when
seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected, controlled, and
maliciously exploited by foreign governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national security risks
from overseas IPOs. We do not know what regulations will be adopted or how such regulations will affect our future continuous listing
on U.S. exchange in the event we consummate our initial business combination with a Company within the jurisdiction of the PRC. In
the event that the Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are subject to these regulations in the future, we may be required
to delist from Nasdaq and we may be subject to fines and penalties. On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the NPC promulgated
the PRC Data Security Law, which takes effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection
obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data, including that no entity or individual may acquire such data by stealing
or other illegal means, and the collection and use of such data should not exceed the necessary limits of the costs of compliance with,
and other burdens imposed by, CSL and any other cybersecurity and related laws may limit the use and adoption of our products and services
and could have an adverse impact on our business. Further, if the enacted version of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review mandates clearance
of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be completed by companies like us, we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance
can be timely obtained, or at all. 

If the new PRC Data Security Law is enacted in September
and should we consummate our initial business combination with a Company within the jurisdiction of the PRC, we will not be subject to
the cybersecurity review by the CAC for this offering, given that: (i) our products and services are offered not directly to individual
users but through our institutional customers; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations;
and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important
data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the Draft Measures will be interpreted or implemented and whether
the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation
related to the Draft Measures. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation comes into effect, and should
we consummate our initial business combination with a Company within the jurisdiction of the PRC, we will take all reasonable measures
and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

We cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies,
including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In
the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty
as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required
to suspend our relevant business, shut down our website, or face other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

51 

Our securities may be delisted under the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act if the PCAOB were unable to inspect or investigate completely our independent auditors. The delisting of our securities,
or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. Additionally, if the PCAOB were
unable to conduct full inspections of our auditors, it would deprive our investors with the benefits of such inspections. 

On April 21, 2020, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton
and PCAOB Chairman William D. Duhnke III, along with other senior SEC staff, released a joint statement highlighting the risks
associated with investing in companies based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets including China. The joint statement
emphasized the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China and higher risks
of fraud in emerging markets. 

On May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals
with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating in Restrictive Market ,
(ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board of director for Restrictive Market companies, and
(iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications of the company s
auditors. 

On May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed
the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned or controlled by a foreign government
if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not subject to PCAOB inspection. If the PCAOB
is unable to inspect the company s auditors for three consecutive years, the issuer s securities are prohibited to trade
on a national securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. On December 2, 2020, the U.S. House
of Representatives approved the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act. On December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act was signed into law. 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it
had adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure requirements of the Act. The
interim final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F
or N-CSR with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB
has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. The
SEC will implement a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required to submit documentation
to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction, and will also require
disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence on, such a registrant. 

On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed
a bill which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years
required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. 

The lack of access to the PCAOB inspection in China
prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the auditors based in China. As a result, the investors
may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China makes
it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared
to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections, which could cause existing and potential investors in our stock
to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements. 

52 

Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA ),
if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely the auditors of a foreign issuer with securities publicly listed on a U.S.
securities exchange for three consecutive years, trading of such securities on such exchange may be prohibited, which may result in the
delisting of such securities from the relevant exchange. Our independent auditors, Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP, are headquartered
in New York, and have been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis with the last inspection in 2018 and an ongoing inspection that
started in November 2020. However, recent developments with respect to audits of PRC-based companies create uncertainty about the ability
of our auditors to fully cooperate with the PCAOB s request for audit workpapers without the approval of the Chinese authorities,
especially if we acquire a PRC-based business in our initial business combination. In the event that the PCAOB determines that it is
unable to inspect our independent auditors in relation to their audit of our company, including following our initial business combination,
our securities may be delisted and our investors may be deprived of the benefits of the PCAOB s oversight of our auditors through
such inspections. The delisting of our securities, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value
of your investment. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties 

We do not own any real estate or other physical
properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our executive offices at 99 Dan Ba Road, C-9, Putuo District,
Shanghai, People s Republic of China. An affiliate of our sponsor has agreed to provide us with this office space, utilities and
secretarial and administrative services at no cost to us. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
litigation currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

53 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants
are each traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols BRLIU, BRLI, BRLIR, and BRLIW 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on June 24, 2020, and our ordinary shares, rights and warrants commenced separate public
trading on July 22, 2020. 

(b) Holders 

On March 2, 2021, there were two holders of record
of our units, twenty nine holders of record of our ordinary shares, one holder of record of our rights and one holder of record of our
warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have
not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business
combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use of Proceeds 

On June 26, 2020, we consummated our initial public
offering of 4,000,000 units. Subsequently, on June 29, 2020, the underwriters exercised the option in full, and the closing of the issuance
and sale of the additional units of 600,000 occurred on June 30, 2020. Each unit consists of one ordinary share, one right entitling its
holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination, and one redeemable
warrant entitling its holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share per whole share. The units were sold at an
offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 46,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering,
we consummated the private placement of 240,000 units at a price of 10.00 per private unit sold to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds
of 2,400,000. On June 30, 2020, we consummated an additional private placement of 21,000 private units, at 10.00 per private unit sold
to our sponsor, generating total gross proceeds of 210,000. 

A total of 40,000,000 of the net proceeds from
the sale of units in our initial public offering (including the over-allotment option units) and our private placement were placed in
a trust account established for the benefit of our public shareholders. 

The private units are identical to the units sold
in the initial public offering except that the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each
case so long as they continue to be held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Additionally, because the private units were issued
in the private transactions, our sponsor and its permitted transferees will be allowed to exercise the warrants included in the private
units for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective
and receive unregistered ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or
underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms
and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the insider shares must agree to, each as described above) until the completion of our
initial business combination. The sponsor was granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the private
units. 

We paid a total of 1,610,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions (not including the cash fee to EarlyBirdCapital for
business combination consultation services upon the consummation of our initial business combination of 3.5 of gross proceeds
of our initial public offering, payable at the consummation of business combination) and 459,154 for other costs and expenses related
to the initial public offering. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 

Not required. 

54 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on May
24, 2019 in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability (meaning our shareholders have no liability, as members of the Company,
for the liabilities of the Company over and above the amount already paid for their shares) formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the Private Units that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering, our capital stock, debt
or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

The issuance of additional shares of our stock
in a business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issue; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if the rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to the preferred shares are created by amendment of our memorandum and articles of association by resolution of the board of directors and preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant indebtedness, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if any document governing such debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

55 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2020 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and the Company s search for a target business with
which to complete a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial
Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities. We are incurring expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses in connection with completing a Business Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2020, we had a
net loss of 317,737, which consisted of operating costs of 148,010, and an increase in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities
of 172,787 and interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 3,060. 

For the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through
December 31, 2019, we had net loss of 20,664, which consisted of operating costs of 20,664. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company s only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. 

On June 26, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 4,000,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 40,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 240,000 Private Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds of 2,400,000. 

On June 30, 2020, as a result of the underwriters 
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional 600,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, and
the sale of an additional 21,000 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 6,210,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the exercise
of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 46,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 2,069,154
in transaction costs, including 1,610,000 of underwriting fees and 459,154 of other costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used
in operating activities was 137,077. Net loss of 317,737 was impacted by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of 3,060, an increase in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 172,787 and changes in operating assets and liabilities,
which provided 10,933 of cash. 

56 

For the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through
December 31, 2019, cash used in operating activities was 20,237. Net loss of 20,664 and changes in operating assets and liabilities
which provided 427 of cash. 

As of December 31, 2020, we had cash and marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 46,003,053. We may withdraw interest to pay our income taxes, if any. We intend to use
substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable) to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital is used, in whole or
in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2020, we had cash of 712,817.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and
complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of such loans may be convertible into additional Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2020. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than describe below. 

We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor
in connection with a Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination
and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection
with a Business Combination, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist us with its press releases
and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation
of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of Initial Public Offering, or 1,610,000, provided, however,
that the this fee shall be reduced by an aggregate amount equal to 1.5 of the dollar amount of our securities purchased prior to the
closing of the Business Combination by investors that: (i) are introduced to EarlyBirdCapital by us (or any of its direct or indirect
affiliates); (ii) have not been previously introduced to a SPAC initial public offering by EarlyBirdCapital; (iii) continue to hold our
ordinary shares through the closing of a Business Combination, and (iv) do not exercise redemption rights with respect thereto in connection
with such Business Combination. 

57 

In addition, we will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash
fee equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in a Business Combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduces us to the target business
with which we complete a Business Combination; provided that the foregoing fee will not be paid prior to the date that is 90 days from
the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation
in connection with the Initial Public Offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(c)(3)(B)(ii). 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption 

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s
ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary
equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Net Loss per Ordinary Share 

Net loss
per share is computed by dividing net Loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding
ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. 

The redeemable ordinary shares
are included in the denominator of the EPS calculation reflecting a single class of common shares. This is because the redemption feature
for all of the ordinary shares is at fair value, and therefore it does not create a different class of shares or other EPS adjustment
(i.e. no adjustment to the numerator). The redemption at fair value does not represent an economic benefit to the holders that is different
from what is received by other shareholders, because the shares could be sold on the open market. 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

Management evaluates all of
its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features
that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether
such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. In accordance with
ASC 825-10 Financial Instruments , offering costs attributable to the issuance of the derivative warrant liabilities are
recognized in the statement of operations as incurred. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of
this Report and is included herein by reference. 

58 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

PREVIOUS INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 

On October 6, 2021, our board of director approved
the resignation of Marcum LLP as our independent accountants. 

The reports of Marcum LLP on the Company s
financial statements for the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer
of opinion, and such reports were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principle, except to indicate
that there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the period from May 24, 2019 through December
31, 2019 and the subsequent interim periods through October 6, 2021, (i) the Company has not had any disagreements with Marcum on any
matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not
resolved to Marcum s satisfaction, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports on the Company s financial
statements for such periods, and (ii) there were no reportable events except the material weakness as described in Item 9A, as defined
in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

NEW INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 

Upon the recommendation of our Audit Committee,
our Board approved the decision to change independent accountants. Effective October 7 2021, Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP was approved
by our Board as the new independent accountants. Effective October 7, 2021, Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP was engaged
to audit and report on our consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2020. 

Marcum LLP has consented Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP using the
financial statement numbers for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 audited by Marcum LLP. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

59 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020. In connection with the reclassification of private warrants
and redeemable shares, the our management, including principal executive and financial officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of the
internal control over financial reporting and concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2020 because of a material weakness in the internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for
a complex transaction related to the warrants and redeemable shares we issued in connection with its Initial Public Offering. 

To respond to this material weakness, we have devoted,
and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of its internal control over financial
reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these
processes to better evaluate its research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to its financial
statements. The plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and
increased communication among the our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The
elements of the remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In
light of the restatement of our financial statements included in this Amendment, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and appropriately
apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply
to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and
documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting
applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives
will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

None. 

60 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this report, our directors and
officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Dr. Peng Jiang (2) 
 
 37 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Xiaoying Sun (2) 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Zan Wu (1) 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Mitchell Cariaga (1) 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 Serves as a Class I Director 

(2) 
 Serves as a Class II Director 

Dr. Peng Jiang Dr. Peng Jiang
has been our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and the Chairman of the board of directors since April 2020.
Dr. Jiang is an experienced executive officer in the fin-tech industry and an academic research veteran. He has worked in various
capacities in the investment banking industry, focusing on the development of fin-tech solutions, as well as online financial services
relating to the financing of real estate development companies, consumer finance institutions, and investment banks, and is experienced
in developing fin-tech solutions for various types of structured financial products. Since August 2018, he has been the Vice President
of Shanghai Ning Sheng Enterprise Management Group Co., Ltd., where he has led its fin-tech and investment banking business sectors.
Since 2017, he has also held the position of Principal at the Greater Hangzhou Bay Fin-Tech Research Institute and a research scholar
at Ant Financial Ying Fan Research Institute. Since April 2013, Dr. Jiang has also been an assistant dean of research with the Shanghai
Modern Economy Research Institute. From July, 2018 to March, 2019, Dr. Jiang was the former head of the Yangtze River Delta Fin-Tech Investment
Fund project and in 2013 participated in a crowdfunding financial evaluation and modeling program in connection with the Shanghai Lujiazui
International Financial Asset Exchange Co., Ltd. (the Lufax ). From June 2010 to March 2013, Dr. Jiang conducted research
on the fin-tech industry concerning financial institutions, municipal financial regulatory offices and industry peer associations
at the China Academy of Financial Research Institute, established by Shanghai Jiao Tong University. 

Dr. Jiang is also a guest lecturer at the East
China University of Science and Technology School of Business, MBA entrepreneur start-up program, a guest mentor at Tencent WeStart
(Shanghai), and a Peer Review Committee Member at the China Finance Review International Journal. Dr. Jiang holds a Master of Science
and a Ph.D. in in Economics from Shanghai Jiao Tong University. We believe Dr. Jiang is well qualified to serve on our board of directors
because of his extensive knowledge and experience in finance and the global fin-tech industry. 

Xiaoying Sun Ms. Sun has been
our director since August 2019. Ms. Sun is an experienced financial and accounting manager with decades of working experience in the business
management industry. Since 2016, she has been the partner at Shanghai Xindong Investment Management Co. Ltd., an investment advisory company
in China, providing related accounting service and auditing process for clients applying for public listing in the overseas. From 2011
to 2016, she was the secretary of the board of directors at Fosun Group, a China Fortune Global 500 (ranked #81 in 2019) company and one
of the leading firms in investment and wealth management in China. At Fosun Group, she handled the financial and operational information
disclosure in accordance with regulations of Shanghai Stock Exchange for all public companies invested and managed by Fosun Group, maintained
investor relationships, assisted and coordinated with the periodical and annual internal shareholders and board meetings, handled the
periodical public filing reports, and coordinated to issue corporate bonds and other financial projects for the company, including interacting
with financial institutions and communicating with regulators. She was the CFO at Forte Group, one of the top real estate developers in
China which is a subsidiary of Fosun Group (HKEX: 0656 HK) from 2005 to 2010. During that time, she was responsible for the daily
operations of its subsidiary companies, guided them on company financial statements and financial planning process, was in charge of budgeting
plans, budgeting analysis and budget monitoring, as well as contract review and taxation plan execution. Ms. Sun has a Master of Business
Administration degree from Shanghai University in China and a Master s degree from University of Li ge in Belgium. She is
a certified accountant in China. We believe Ms. Sun is well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of her extensive experience
with accounting matters relating to public companies in the U.S. and Asia and to SPAC companies. 

61 

Zan Wu Mr. Wu has been
our director since August 2019. In 2017, Mr. Wu founded Wingkim Finance Tech Service (Beijing) Ltd, which provides one-stop financial
service as well as SAAS (Software-As-A-Service) based on-line accounting services in China. He has also been a senior consultant
in internal control of Gridsum Holding Inc. (Nasdaq: GSUM), which is a big data analysis and solution provider for multinational and domestic
enterprises, since August 2018. Mr. Wu was the CFO at Yulong Eco-Materials Ltd. (Nasdaq: YECO) from 2014 to 2017. From 2010
to 2014, Mr. Wu was chief financial officer of SinoCoking Coal and Coke Chemical Industries, Inc. with its subsidiaries in the business
of coal and coke sales in China. From 2006 to 2009, he was the chief representative of Global American, Inc. (China representative office).
From 2004 to 2006, he was the assistant manager and the financial manager at Domino Scientific Equipment Ltd. From 2003 to 2004, he was
a financial analyst at VIR Consultancy Ltd. Mr. Wu holds a Bachelor degree in accounting from the Capital University of Economics
and Business and a Master degree in financial management and control from Aston Business School. We believe Mr. Wu is well qualified
to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience with financial and accounting matters relating to U.S. public companies. 

Mitchell Cariaga Mr. Cariaga
has been our director since August 2019. Mr. Cariaga is seasoned financial manager working in the private investment sector of international
capital markets. Since 2007, he has been the president at Orange Grove Trading Company, a consulting firm that provides consulting services
for international capital markets. since 2007. From 2008 to 2015, Orange Grove was retained by Title Trading to build and manage Title
Trading s international trading teams in four countries and multiple capital markets. While on this assignment, he worked in the
development and execution of algorithmic trading strategies with complex risk parameters that integrated human understanding and analysis
with algorithmic computer processes. As part of this role, Mr. Cariaga also managed cross functional teams responsible for daily
risk metrics, and led a market risk management modeling team for various markets involving commodities, Foreign Exchange, equities, and
bonds. From 2002 to 2008, he worked at Asian American Financial Insurance Services (AAFIS) in Shenyang, China, where he led the development
of international trading desks in China, with over 600 traders across a broad variety of asset classes. There, Mr. Cariaga developed
a market risk management modeling team for the company as the technology lead for algorithmic trading, and developed the China based business
for four different leveraged asset classes in the stocks, futures, and options markets in the U.S. From 1998 to 2002, he managed his own
proprietary capital, balancing various risk factors to establish a trading model with a high confidence probability rating. During that
time Mr. Cariaga also was asked by Online Trading Academy to provide formal training for its team members. Mr. Cariaga has a
Master s in Theology degree from Grace Theological Seminary and a Bachelor in History degree from California State University. We
believe Mr. Cariaga is well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience with capital markets
in the U.S. and Asia. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into two classes
with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first
class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Wu and Cariaga, will expire at the first annual meeting. The term of office of the second class
of directors, consisting of Dr. Jiang and Ms. Sun, will expire at the second annual meeting. 

Our officers are elected by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board is authorized to appoint persons
to the offices set forth in our memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our memorandum and articles of association
provides that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer,
Vice Presidents, Secretaries and Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have three standing committees: an audit committee,
a nominating committee, and a compensation committee. Each such committee is composed of solely independent directors. 

62 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the
board of directors. Ms. Xiaoying Sun and Messrs. Zan Wu, Mitchell Cariaga serve as members of our audit committee. Mr. Zan Wu serves
as chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Ms. Xiaoying Sun and Messrs. Zan Wu, Mitchell Cariaga are independent. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Zan Wu qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined
in applicable SEC rules. 

Responsibilities of the audit committee include: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction, and; 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating committee of
the board of directors. Ms. Xiaoying Sun and Messrs. Zan Wu, and Mitchell Cariaga serve as members of our nominating committee, each of
whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Mr. Mitchell Cariaga serves as chairman of the nominating committee.
The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The
nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

63 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020
the nominating committee did not hold any meetings. 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are
specified in the nominating committee charter, generally provide those persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The nominating committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

There have been no material changes to the procedures
by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

Compensation Committee 

Subject to the requirement of law or the NASDAQ
market rules, we have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Ms. Xiaoying Sun and Messrs. Zan Wu, Mitchell Cariaga.
Ms. Xiaoying Sun serve as chairwoman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail
the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation in executive session at which the Chief Executive Officer is not present; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement, and; 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter will also provide that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

64 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, or in the
past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Code of Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable
to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. 

Availability of Documents 

We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics,
our audit committee charter, our nominating committee charter and compensation committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement
filed in connection with our initial public offering. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the
SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We
intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that
the Company s directors and executive officers, and the beneficial owners of more than 10 of our ordinary shares publicly file
reports of their ownership of our securities with the SEC. Our directors, executive officers and such beneficial owners are required to
furnish the Company with copies of all such reports that they file. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

Commencing on the date that our securities were
first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, no compensation will
be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to or in connection with the consummation
of our initial business combination. Additionally, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommenced, to the board of directors for determination, either by
a committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after
the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with
us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

65 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of December 31, 2020 based on information obtained from the persons named below,
with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary shares 
 
 Nisun Investment Holding Limited (2) 
 1,265,001 
 20 
 
 Dr. Peng Jiang 

Xiaoying Sun 
 2,000 

Zan Wu 
 2,000 

Mitchell Cariaga 
 2,000 

New Lighthouse Investment Limited (3) 
 137,999 
 2.258 
 
 EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 100,000 
 1.63 

(1) The business address of each
of the individual directors and Nisun Investment Holding Limited is 99 Dan Ba Road, C-9 Putuo District, Shanghai, Peoples Republic of
China 200062. The business address for New Lighthouse Investment Limited is 1881 Long Dongfang Road, Rm 1601, No. 4Bldg, Pudong New District,
Shanghai City, China. The business address for EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. is 366 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 

(2) Dr. Peng Jiang, the ultimate
natural beneficial owner of Nisun Investment Holding Limited, has ultimate voting and dispositive power over the shares held by such
entity and therefore may be deemed to be the ultimate beneficial owner of the securities held by such entity. 

(3) Xiaolong Lu, the sole member
and the Director of New Lighthouse Investment Limited, has ultimate voting and dispositive power over the shares held by such entity
and therefore may be deemed to be the ultimate beneficial owner of the securities held by such entity. 

Changes in Control 

Not applicable. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

In May, August and September, 2019, we issued
an aggregate of 1,150,000 founder shares to our initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately
 0.022 per ordinary share. 

Subject to certain limited exceptions, our initial
shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 12.50 per ordinary share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing six months after our initial business combination. 

66 

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 261,000
insider units in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Our sponsor (and/or
its designees) has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the shares included in the insider units and the respective ordinary
shares underlying the warrants included in the insider units until after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Ning Sheng Group Co., our sponsor s parent
company, agreed, from the date that our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market through the earlier of our consummation
of our initial business combination and our liquidation, to make available to us office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
services, as we may require from time to time at no cost to us. 

Other than reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation,
will be paid to our sponsor, officers or directors, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with respect to our initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all
payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will be responsible for reviewing and approving
all related party transactions as defined under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, after reviewing each such transaction for potential conflicts
of interests and other improprieties. 

On August 21, 2019, as amended on December 31,
2019, we issued an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of
 300,000, of which 243,833 was outstanding under the Promissory Note as of June 26, 2020. The note was non-interest bearing and payable
on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2020 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Proceeds from the close of the Initial Public
Offering cleared in our bank account on June 29, 2020. On August 13, 2020, the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable
on October 31, 2020 and effective as of the date of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, June 26, 2020. On November 12, 2020
the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on May 31, 2021 and was made effective as of October 30, 2020.
 On June 18, 2021, the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on September 30, 2021 and was made
effective as of May 31, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on the date on which
we consummate our initial business combination and was made effective as of October 1, 2021. 

On June 21, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory
note to our sponsor (the Promissory Note II), pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 460,000, of which
 460,000 was outstanding under the Promissory Note II as of September 30, 2021. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of (i) September 30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of our initial business combination. On October 1, 2021, the Promissory Note was amended
such that it is due and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination and was made effective as of October
1, 2021. 

On September 21, 2021, we issued an unsecured
promissory note to our sponsor (the Promissory Note III), pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 461,000,
of which 461,000 was outstanding under the Promissory Note II as of September 30, 2021. The note was non-interest bearing and payable
on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate our initial business combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the offering proceeds held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans
would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without
interest, or, at the lender s discretion. Up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination
into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 150,000 units
if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted, together leading to the holders being issued 165,000 ordinary shares if 1,500,000 of notes
were so converted since the 150,000 rights included in such units would result in the issuance of 15,000 shares upon the closing
of our initial business combination, as well as 150,000 warrants to purchase 150,000 shares). 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be
up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

All ongoing and future transactions between us
and any member of our management team or his or her respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us at that time, based upon other
similar arrangements known to us, to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. It is our intention
to obtain estimates from unaffiliated third parties for similar goods or services to ascertain whether such transactions with affiliates
are on terms that are no less favorable to us than are otherwise available from such unaffiliated third parties. If a transaction with
an affiliated third party were found to be on terms less favorable to us than with an unaffiliated third party, we would not engage in
such transaction. 

67 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that our initial business combination is fair to our shareholders
from a financial point of view. 

Our initial shareholders and EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the founder shares, the private units and underlying securities, and
any securities issued upon conversion of working capital loans, pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the date of this
prospectus. The holders of the Private Units (or underlying securities) are entitled to demand that the Company register these securities
at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights on registration statements filed after the Company s consummation of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years
after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and may not exercise its demand rights on
more than one occasion. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever
possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and
(3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our ordinary shares,
or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest
(other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation
can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively.
Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of
his or her position. 

We also require each of our directors and executive
officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter,
is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing
and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us
to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our
audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an
interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not
enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine
that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction
from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders unless we
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from
a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial shareholders, or any entity
with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

68 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq Capital Market requires that a majority
of our board must be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or
employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s
board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. 

Ms. Xiaoying Sun and Messrs. Zan Wu and Mitchell
Cariaga are our independent directors. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings and at which only independent directors
are present. 

Any affiliated transactions will be on terms no
less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any affiliated transactions must be approved by a majority of our
independent and disinterested directors. 

Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum and to Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP, or Marcum BP, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees charged by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-K for the respective periods and other required filings
with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019 totaled 19,189
and 30,900, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum BP in connection
with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees charged by Marcum BP for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-K for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019 totaled 41,200
and nil, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are
not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and
consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum or Marcum BP for consultations concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through
December 31, 2019. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum or Marcum BP for tax planning
and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum or Marcum BP for other
services for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial
public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior
to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

69 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are
filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

70 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Shares Certificate. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated June 23, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Warrant Agent. 
 
 4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated June 23, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and each of the sponsor, directors and officers of the Registrant. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, June 23, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Trustee. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 23, 2020, by and among the Company, Nisun Investment Holding Limited and the investors party thereto. 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

Previously filed as an exhibit
to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Incorporated by reference to
the Registrant s Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (SEC File No. 333-237153). 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Date: October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Peng Jiang 

Name: 
 Peng Jiang 

Title: 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Peng Jiang 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 October 12, 2021 
 
 Peng Jiang 

And Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

72 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 to F-27 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Brilliant
Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2019, the related statements of operations,
changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the period from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph - Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company s ability to execute its business plan is dependent on the completion of the proposed initial public offering described
in Note 3 to the financial statements. The Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2019 are not sufficient to sustain
operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that may become should the Company be unable
to continue as a going concern. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on
our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2019. 

New York, NY 

 March 13, 2020 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation 

 Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2020, the related statements of operations,
change in shareholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit s .
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit s in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit s to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit s we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit s included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit s also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit s provide s a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk llp 

Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

 New York 

 October 12, 2021 

F- 3 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 

ASSETS 

Current assets cash 
 712,817 
 27,699 
 
 Deferred offering cost 
 
 182,330 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 14,600 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 46,003,053 

Total Assets 
 46,730,470 
 210,029 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 25,943 
 427 
 
 Accrued offering costs 
 58,252 
 23,433 
 
 Promissory note related party 
 243,833 
 181,833 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 328,028 
 205,693 
 
 Derivative warrant liabilities 
 247,634 

Total Liabilities 
 575,662 
 205,693 

Commitments 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 4,600,000 shares at redemption value of 10 
 46,000,000 

Shareholders Equity 

Preferred shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 

Ordinary shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized;
 1,511,000 and 1,150,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 4,600,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 (1) 
 3,880,288 
 25,000 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (3,725,480 
 (20,664 
 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 154,808 
 4,336 
 
 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 46,730,470 
 210,029 

(1) At December 31, 2019, included an aggregate of 150,000 shares
that were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment wat not exercised in full. On June 30, 2020,
the Company closed the underwriters full 600,000 Unit over-allotment option. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2020 
 For the period 
from May 24, 
 2019 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2019 
 
 Operating costs 
 148,010 
 20,664 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (148,010 
 (20,664 

Other income: 

Changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 
 (172,787 

Interest income 
 3,060 

Net loss 
 (317,737 
 (20,664 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 
 3,697,454 
 562,770 

Basic
and diluted net loss per ordinary share 
 (0.09 
 (0.04 

(1) As of December 31, 2019, excludes
an aggregate of 150,000 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is
not exercised in full. On June 30, 2020, the Company closed the underwriters full 600,000 Unit over-allotment option. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Ordinary Shares 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance May 24, 2019 (inception) 

Issuance of Founder Shares to initial shareholders (1) 
 1,150,000 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 

Net loss 

(20,664 
 (20,664 

Balance December 31, 2019 
 1,150,000 
 25,000 
 (20,664 
 4,336 

Sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts and offering expenses 
 4,600,000 
 43,930,846 
 
 43,930,846 

Sale of Private Units 
 261,000 
 2,610,000 
 
 2,610,000 

Issuance of Representative Shares 
 100,000 
 2,210 
 
 2,210 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 (4,600,000 
 (42,612,921 
 (3,387,079 
 (46,000,000 

Excess of cash received over fair value of private warrants 
 
 (74,847 
 
 (74,847 

Net loss 

(317,737 
 (317,737 

Balance December 31, 2020 
 1,511,000 
 3,880,288 
 (3,725,480 
 154,808 

(1) Includes an aggregate of 150,000 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is
not exercised in full. On June 30, 2020, the Company closed the underwriters full 600,000
Unit over-allotment option. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 (317,737 
 (20,664 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 
 172,787 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 (3,060 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (14,590 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 25,523 
 427 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (137,077 
 (20,237 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 (46,000,000 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (46,000,000 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of ordinary share, net of underwriting discounts paid 
 44,390,000 

Proceeds from sale Private Units 
 2,610,000 

Proceeds from issuance of Founder Shares to initial shareholders 
 
 25,000 
 
 Advances from related party 
 
 74,998 
 
 Payment of offering costs 
 (239,805 
 (158,897 
 
 Proceeds from promissory note related parties 
 62,000 
 106,835 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 46,822,195 
 47,936 

Net Change in Cash 
 685,118 
 27,699 
 
 Cash Beginning 
 27,699 

Cash Ending 
 712,817 
 27,699 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Conversion of advance from related party to promissory note related party 
 
 74,998 
 
 Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 
 58,252 
 23,433 
 
 Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 42,612,921 

Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 3,387,079 

Issuance of Representative Shares 
 2,210 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 7 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS 

Brilliant Acquisition Corporation (the Company is a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on May 24, 2019. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring,
engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering
into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities Business
Combination ). 

Although the Company is not limited to a particular
industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on businesses that have
their primary operations located in the Asia Pacific region. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the
Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

At December 31, 2020, the Company had not yet commenced any operations.
All activity through December 31, 2020 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ),
which is described below, and, subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The
Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The
Company will generate nonoperating income in the form of interest income earned from investing the proceeds derived from the Initial Public
Offering that have been placed in a trust account as described below. 

The registration statement for the Company s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 23, 2020. On June 26, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering
of 4,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units offered, the Public
Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 40,000,000 which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 240,000 Units (the Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private
Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Nisun Investment Holding Limited (the Sponsor ), directors and
business advisors generating gross proceeds of 2,400,000, which is described in Note 4. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on June 26, 2020, an amount of 40,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180
days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by the Company, until the
earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s
shareholders, as described below. 

On June 29, 2020, the underwriters notified the
Company of their intention to exercise their over-allotment option in full. As such, on June 30, 2020, the Company consummated
the sale of an additional 600,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, and the sale of an additional 21,000 Private Units, at 10.00 per Private
Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 6,210,000. A total of 6,000,000 of the net proceeds was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing
the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to 46,000,000. 

Transaction costs amounted to 2,069,154 consisting
of 1,610,000 of underwriting fees and 459,154 of other offering costs. In addition, at December 31, 2020, cash of 712,817 was
held outside of the Trust Account (as defined above) and is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. 

F- 8 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Units, although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the
Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance
in the Trust Account (excluding the taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released for taxes)
at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide its shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection
with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed
Business Combination, the Company may seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which
shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. 

The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their
shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially 10.00 per share, subject to increase of up to an additional
 0.30 per Unit in the event that the Sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination (see below), plus
any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations).
There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s rights or warrants.
These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering,
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon
such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

If a shareholder vote is not required and the
Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in
a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

If the Company seeks shareholder approval of a
Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other
person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 15 or more
of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

F- 9 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

The Sponsor, officers, directors and the Company s
business combination advisor, New Lighthouse Investment Limited, (the initial shareholders have agreed (a) to vote their
Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), the ordinary shares included in the Private Units (the Private Shares and any Public
Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the
Company s Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect to the Company s pre-Business Combination activities prior to
the consummation of a Business Combination unless the Company provides dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any shares (including the Founder Shares) and Private Units (including
underlying securities) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business
Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination if the Company does not seek shareholder
approval in connection therewith) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to shareholders 
rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the Founder Shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) shall
not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the initial shareholders
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. 

Founder Shares and Private Units (including underlying
securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However,
the initial shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. 

The Company had 12 months from the closing of
its Initial Public Offering (or until June 25, 2021) to consummate a Business Combination. However, if the Company is not able to consummate
a Business Combination by June 25, 2021, the Company may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to three times,
each by an additional three months (for a total of 21 months to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ).
In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsor or its affiliate or designees
must deposit into the Trust Account 460,000 or 0.10 per Unit, up to an aggregate of 1,380,000, or 0.30 per Unit, on or prior to the
date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension. As of the date of this report, the Company was not able to consummate
a Business Combination, and extended the period time to consummate a Business Combination twice. Accordingly, the Company s
Sponsor must deposit into the Trust Account 920,000. The Sponsor made the first deposit of 460,000 on June 22, 2021 and the second deposit
of 460,000 on September 20, 2021, for the Company to extend the period of time to consummate its initial business combination by total
6 months from June 25, 2021 until December 25, 2021. 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable and
less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to 50,000), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal
dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable
law. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will
be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

F- 10 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target
business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below
 10.00 per share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2020, the Company had 712,817 in its operating
bank account, 46,003,053 in cash held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or
redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and working capital of 399,389. 

The Company may raise additional capital through loans or additional
investments from the Sponsor or its stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers and directors and
the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to (except as described above), loan the Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they
deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes
it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs through the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination or December 25, 2021, the
deadline to complete a Business Combination pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (unless
otherwise amended by stockholders). 

 Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on
the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily
determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

F- 11 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying financial statements are presented
in U.S. Dollars and conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Emerging Growth Company 

The Company is an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ),
and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and
proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of the Company s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses
during the reporting period. 

Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

F- 12 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account 

At December 31, 2020, substantially all of the
assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which primarily invest in U.S. Treasury Bills. 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

The Company
accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480. Conditionally redeemable
ordinary share (including ordinary share that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to
redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity.
At all other times, ordinary share is classified as stockholders equity. 

The Company s Public
Shares feature contains certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject
to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Public Shares subject to possible
redemption are classified as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet.
Accordingly, as of December 31, 2020, 4,600,000 shares of Public Shares subject
to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the
Company s balance sheet. 

The Public Shares subject
to possible redemption are subject to the subsequent measurement guidance in ASC Topic 480-10-S99. Under such guidance, the Company
must subsequently measure the shares to their redemption amount because, as a result of the allocation of net proceeds to transaction
costs, the initial carrying amount of the ordinary shares is less than 10.00 per share. In accordance with the guidance, the
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid in capital, or in the
absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded an
accretion of 3,387,079, all of which was recorded in accumulated deficit. 

Income Taxes 

The Company complies with the accounting and reporting
requirements of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and
reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and
tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable
to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. The Company s management determined that the British Virgin Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as income tax expense. There were
no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2020 and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware
of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

F- 13 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

Income Taxes (continued) 

The Company may be subject to potential examination
by foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount
of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with foreign tax laws. The Company s management
does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

The Company is considered to be an exempted British
Virgin Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax
filing requirements in the British Virgin Islands or the United States. 

Net Loss Per Ordinary Share 

Net loss per share is computed
by dividing net Loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject
to forfeiture. 

The redeemable ordinary shares
are included in the denominator of the EPS calculation reflecting a single class of common shares. This is because the redemption feature
for all of the ordinary shares is at fair value, and therefore it does not create a different class of shares or other EPS adjustment
(i.e. no adjustment to the numerator). The redemption at fair value does not represent an economic benefit to the holders that is different
from what is received by other shareholders, because the shares could be sold on the open market. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Net loss 
 (317,737 
 (20,664 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 3,697,454 
 562,770 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 
 (0.09 
 (0.04 

F- 14 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which, at times may exceed the Federal
Depository Insurance Coverage of 250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company
is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Financial Instruments 

The Company analyses all financial instruments
with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC Topic 815
 Derivatives and Hedging . Pursuant to its Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 4,600,000 Units (including underwriters 
full exercise over-allotment option 6,000,000 Unit) consisting with one ordinary share, one right Public Right ), and one
warrant Public Warrant (see Note 3). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold
261,000 Private Units (see Note 4), consisting with 261,000 ordinary shares, 261,000 warrants Private Warrant and 261,000
rights Private Right). The Company accounted for its Public Warrant, Public Right and Private Right as equity
instruments. The Company accounted for Private Warrants as liability instruments. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The fair value of the Company s assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, approximates the carrying
amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature. 

F- 15 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

The Company does not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. 

Management evaluates all of its financial instruments,
including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should
be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. In accordance with ASC 825-10 Financial
Instruments , offering costs attributable to the issuance of the derivative warrant liabilities are recognized in the statement
of operations as incurred. 

The Company sold 261,000 Private Warrants in connection
to its Initial Public Offering Liability Warrant (see Note 4). All of the Company s outstanding Liability Warrants
are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the Warrant instruments as liabilities
at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each
balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06,
Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own
Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ),
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also
removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and
it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021. Adoption
of the ASU did not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. There are no other ASUs being adopted. 

Other than the above, there are no other recently
issued accounting standards which are applicable to the Company. 

NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING 

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company
sold 4,000,000 Units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, one right Public Right and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to 1/10 of an ordinary share
upon consummation of a Business Combination (see Note 7). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an
exercise price of 11.50 per share (see Note 7). On June 30, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option
to purchase an additional 600,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit. 

NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor, directors of the Company and the Company s business advisors purchased an aggregate of 240,000 Private
Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, or 2,400,000, from the Company in a private placement. As a result of the underwriters 
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on June 30, 2020, the Sponsor, directors of the Company and the Company s
business advisors purchased an additional 21,000 Private Units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase
price of 210,000. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except for the private warrants Private Warrants ), as described in Note 8. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and the Private Warrants and private rights will expire worthless. 

F- 16 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Founder Shares 

In May, August and September 2019, the Company
issued an aggregate of 1,150,000 founder shares (the Founder Shares to the initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 in cash. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 150,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the initial shareholders
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholders would
collectively own 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the initial shareholders
did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Units and underlying securities). On June
30, 2020, 2020, as a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, 150,000 Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50 of the Founder Shares, the
earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing price of
the Company s ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination, with respect
to the remaining 50 of the Founder Shares, upon six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier,
in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other
similar transaction which results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On August 21, 2019, as amended on December 31,
2019, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal
amount of 300,000, of which 243,833 was outstanding under the Promissory Note as of June 26, 2020. The note was non-interest bearing
and payable on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2020 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Proceeds from the close of the
Initial Public Offering cleared in the bank account of the Company on June 29, 2020. On August 13, 2020, the Promissory Note was amended
such that it is due and payable on October 31, 2020 and effective as of the date of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, June
26, 2020. On November 12, 2020 the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on May 31, 2021 and was made effective
as of October 30, 2020. On June 18, 2021 the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on September 30, 2021 and was
made effective as of May 31, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on the date on
which we consummate our initial business combination and was made effective as of October 1, 2021. 

On June 21, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor
(the Promissory Note II), pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 460,000, of which 460,000
was outstanding under the Promissory Note II as of September 30, 2021. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of
(i) September 30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of our initial business combination. On October 1, 2021, the Promissory Note was amended
such that it is due and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination and was made effective as of October
1, 2021. 

On September 21, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note to our
sponsor (the Promissory Note III), pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 461,000, of which
 461,000 was outstanding under the Promissory Note II as of September 30, 2021. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the date
on which we consummate our initial business combination. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans
would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional
Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of
proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to
repay the Working Capital Loans. 

Related Party Extension Loans 

As discussed in Note 1, the Company may extend
the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to three times, each by an additional three months (for a total of 21 months
to complete a Business Combination). In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsor
or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account 460,000 0.10 per Unit), up to an aggregate of 1,380,000 or 0.30
per Unit, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension. Any such payments would be made in the form
of a loan. The terms of the promissory note to be issued in connection with any such loans have not yet been negotiated. If the Company
completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the
Company. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Company will not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement
with the initial shareholders contains a provision pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans
in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated
to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete a Business Combination. 

As of the date of this report, the Company has
deposited twice of 460,000 in the trust account, respectively on June 22, 2021 and September 20, 2021, to extend the date by which the
Company has to consummate a business combination from June 25, 2021 to December 25, 2021. 

F- 17 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into on June 23, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Representative Shares (as defined in Note 7), Private Units (and their underlying
securities) and any Units that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and underlying securities) will be entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of 25 of these securities are entitled to make up to
three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBirdCapital may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration
rights after five (5) and seven (7) years after the effective date of the registration statement and may not exercise its demand rights
on more than one occasion. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day
option to purchase up to 600,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On June 30, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 600,000
Units at 10.00 per Unit. 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of three and one half percent (3.5 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 1,400,000. In connection with
the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full on June 30, 2020, the underwriters were paid an additional
cash underwriting discount of 210,000. 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

The Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an
advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential
Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
the Company s securities in connection with a Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining shareholder approval for the
Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The
Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5 
of the gross proceeds of Initial Public Offering, or 1,610,000, provided, however, that the this fee shall be reduced by an aggregate
amount equal to 1.5 of the dollar amount of the Company s securities purchased prior to the closing of the Business Combination
by investors that: (i) are introduced to EarlyBirdCapital by the Company (or any of its direct or indirect affiliates); (ii) have not
been previously introduced to a SPAC initial public offering by EarlyBirdCapital; (iii) continue to hold the Company s ordinary
shares through the closing of a Business Combination, and (iv) do not exercise redemption rights with respect thereto in connection with
such Business Combination. 

In addition, the Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital
a cash fee equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in a Business Combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduces the Company to the
target business with which the Company completes a Business Combination; provided that the foregoing fee will not be paid prior to the
date that is 90 days from the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed
underwriters compensation in connection with the Initial Public Offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(c)(3)(B)(ii). 

F- 18 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Ordinary Shares On
June 26, 2020, the Company amended its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association such that it is authorized to issue
an unlimited number of ordinary shares, with no par value. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for
each share. At December 31, 2020, there were 1,511,000 shares of ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 4,600,000 ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption. 

Rights Each holder
of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of such
right redeemed all shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion of
the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon
consummation of a Business Combination, as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by
investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company
will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration
the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis and each holder of a right
will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in order to receive 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration).
The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of
the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure
to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, holders of the rights might not receive the shares of ordinary shares underlying
the rights. 

Warrants Public Warrants
may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public
Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the
effective date of the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash
unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering
the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of a Business
Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall
have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to
exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 19 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

The Company may call the warrants for redemption
(excluding the Private Warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time while the Public Warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an
issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in
good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates,
without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance)
(the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting
on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The Private Warrants are identical to the Public
Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon
the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination,
subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable
so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than
the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such
holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, 
as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be
adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation. However, except as described above, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price
below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders
of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s
assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

F- 20 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

Representative Shares 

EarlyBirdCapital and its designees purchased 100,000
ordinary shares (the Representative Shares) for an aggregate price of 10.00. The Company accounted for the Representative Shares
as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to shareholders equity. The Company estimated the
fair value of the Representative Shares to be 2,200 based upon the price of the Founder Shares issued to the initial shareholders. The
holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination.
In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights (or rights to participate in any tender offer) with respect
to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation
by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration
statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule
5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result
in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration
statements related to the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of
180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering except to any
underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. 

NOTE 8. DERIVATIVE WARRANT LIABILITIES 

As of December 31, 2020, the Company had 261,000
Private Warrants outstanding. The Private Warrants are recognized as warrant liabilities and subsequently measured at fair value. 

The Private Warrants will be identical to the
Public Warrants (see Note 7) underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the
ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after
the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable
on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private
Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable
by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

F- 21 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. CORRECTION OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED MISSTATED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Reclassification of Private Warrants 

On April 12, 2021, the SEC Staff issued the Staff
Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPAC) SEC Staff
Statement ). In the SEC Staff Statement, the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants
may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities rather than equity on a SPAC s balance sheet. Historically, the warrants
were reflected as component of equity as opposed to liabilities on the balance sheet and the statement of operations did not include the
subsequent non-cash changes in estimated fair value of the warrants. 

Since its inception, the Company has accounted its warrants, both public
warrants and private warrants, for equity within the Company balance sheet, and after discussion and evaluation and taking into consideration
the SEC Staff Statement, the Company has concluded that its Private Warrants should be presented as liabilities with subsequent fair value
remeasurement. 

2. Reclassification of redeemable ordinary shares 

Because
the Public Shares issued in the Initial Public Offering can be redeemed or become redeemable subject to the occurrence of future events
considered outside of the Company s control, the Company should have classified all of these redeemable shares in temporary equity
and remeasured these redeemable shares to their redemption value (i.e., 10.00 per share) as of the end of the first reporting period
after the date of the Company s Initial Public Offering. Historically, the Public Shares were partially presented as component
of temporary equity as opposed to all of temporary equity on the balance sheet and accumulated deficit did not include the subsequent
non-cash changes in redemption value of Public Shares. 

Impact of the Restatement 

The impact of the restatement on the balance sheets,
statements of operations and statements of cash flows for the Affected Periods is presented below. The restatement had no impact on net
cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities. 

- June 26, 2020 

June 26, 2020 

As Previously Reported 

Restatement Adjustment 

As Revised 

Balance sheets 

Total assets 

40,860,654 

40,860,654 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

74,847 

74,847 

Total liabilities 

313,426 

74,847 

388,273 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

35,547,220 

1,449,401 

36,996,621 

Shareholder s Equity 

Ordinary shares 

5,020,729 

(1,524,248) 

3,496,481 

Total shareholders equity 

5,000,008 

(1,524,248) 

3,475,760 

Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 

40,860,654 

40,860,654 

- June
30, 2020 

June 30, 2020 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustment 
 As Revised 
 
 Balance sheets 

Total assets 
 46,860,761 
 
 46,860,761 
 
 Derivative warrant liabilities 
 
 74,847 
 74,847 
 
 Total liabilities 
 313,426 
 74,847 
 388,273 
 
 Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 41,547,327 
 4,452,673 
 46,000,000 
 
 Shareholder s Equity 

Ordinary shares 
 5,020,729 
 (1,140,441 
 3,880,288 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (20,721 
 (3,387,079 
 (3,407,800 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 5,000,008 
 (4,527,520 
 472,488 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 
 46,860,761 
 
 46,860,761 

F- 22 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. CORRECTION OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED MISSTATED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

For the three months ended 
 June 30, 2020 

As Previously Reported 

Restatement Adjustment 

As Revised 

Statement of operations 

Net income 

67 

67 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

1,034,518 

330,251 

1,364,769 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

(0.00) 

0.00 

0.00 

For the six months ended 
 June 30, 2020 

As Previously Reported 

Restatement Adjustment 

As Revised 

Statement of operations 

Net loss 

(57) 

(57) 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

1,017,259 

237,472 

1,254,731 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

F- 23 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. CORRECTION OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED MISSTATED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

- September
30, 2020 

September 30, 2020 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustment 
 As Revised 
 
 Balance sheets 

Total assets 
 46,862,481 
 
 46,862,481 
 
 Derivative warrant liabilities 
 
 70,802 
 70,802 
 
 Total liabilities 
 360,621 
 70,802 
 431,423 
 
 Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 41,501,859 
 4,498,141 
 46,000,000 
 
 Shareholder s Equity 

Ordinary shares 
 5,066,197 
 (1,185,909 
 3,880,288 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (66,196 
 (3,383,034 
 (3,449,230 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 5,000,001 
 (4,568,943 
 431,058 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 
 46,862,481 
 
 46,862,481 

For the three months ended 
 September 30, 2020 

As Previously Reported 

Restatement Adjustment 

As Revised 

Statement of operations 

Changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

4,045 

4,405 

Net loss 

(45,475) 

4,045 

(41,430) 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

1,956,277 

4,154,723 

6,111,000 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

(0.02) 

0.01 

(0.01) 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 2020 

As Previously Reported 

Restatement Adjustment 

As Revised 

Statement of operations 

Changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

4,045 

4,045 

Net loss 

(45,532) 

4,045 

(41,487) 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

1,332,550 

1,554,516 

2,887,066 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

(0.04) 

0.03 

(0.01) 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 2020 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustment 
 As Revised 
 
 Statement of cashflows 

Net income (loss) 
 (45,532 
 4,045 
 (41,487 
 
 Changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 
 
 (4,045 
 (4,045 

F- 24 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

The Company follows the guidance in ASC Topic
820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial
assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. 

The fair value of the Company s financial
assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale
of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of
observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions
about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities
based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: 

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; 

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and 

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

In some circumstances, the inputs used to measure
fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is
categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the carrying
values of cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued expenses, franchise tax payable and notes payable to related party approximate
their fair values due to the short-term nature of the instruments. The Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account
is comprised of investments in U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of 185 days or less or investments in money market funds
that invest in U.S. government securities, or a combination thereof. The fair value for trading securities is determined using quoted
market prices in active markets. 

As noted in Note 8, the Company has concluded that its Private Warrants
should be presented as liabilities with subsequent fair value remeasurement. Accordingly the fair value of the Private Warrants were classified
from Level 1 measurement to Level 3 measurement. 

The following table presents information about
the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2020 and 2019 and indicates
the fair value of held to maturity securities as follows. 

F- 25 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Level 
 December 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 
 
 Description 

Assets: 

Trust Account U.S. Treasury Securities Money Market Fund 
 1 
 46,003,053 

Liabilities: 

Derivative Warrant Liability Private Warrant 
 3 
 247,634 

The fair value of the Private Warrants was estimated using Binomial
model for the years ended December 31, 2020. For the years ended December 31, 2020, on the statements of operations,
the Company recognized an increase in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 172,787, presented as change in fair value of derivative
warrant liabilities on the accompanying statement of operations. 

The estimated fair value of the Private Warrants
is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in these valuations are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected
life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical and
implied volatilities of select peer companies as well as its own that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining
life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend
rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. 

The following table provides quantitative information
regarding Level 3 fair value measurements inputs for the Company s warrants at their measurement dates: 

December 31, 2020 
 
 Volatility 
 23.00 
 
 Stock price 
 10.01 
 
 Expected life of the warrants to convert 
 6.25 
 
 Risk free rate 
 0.63 
 
 Dividend yield 
 0.00 

The change in the fair value of the derivative
warrant liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2020 was as below 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities at December 31, 2019 

Recognition of derivative warrant liabilities 
 74,847 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 
 172,787 
 
 Derivative Warrant Liabilities at December 31, 2020 
 247,634 

F- 26 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On September 20, 2021, the Company extended the
period of time it will have to consummate its initial business combination by 3 months from the current deadline of June 25, 2021 until
December 25, 2021 (the completion window because the Company s Sponsor, Nisun Investment Holding Limited has deposited
twice of 460,000 in the Company s trust account, representing 0.10 per Unit as additional interest on the proceeds in the trust
account, pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and the trust agreement
entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions
that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company
did not identify any other subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. 

F- 27 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2020ex4-7_brilliantacq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

We are a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI
business company (company number 2013875) and our affairs are governed by our memorandum and articles of association, the BVI Business
Companies Act, 2004 (the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. We are authorized to issue an
unlimited number of shares with no par value, divided into two (2) classes of share being (i) ordinary shares with no par value and (ii)
preferred shares with no par value. The following description summarizes certain terms of (i) our shares as set out more particularly
in our memorandum and articles of association (ii) our Units, (iii) our Rights, and (iv) our Warrants. Because it is only a summary, it
may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one ordinary share, one right,
and one warrant. Each right entities the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share on the consummation of an initial
business combination. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share exercisable at 11.50 per ordinary share upon consummation
of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number
of ordinary shares. 

Ordinary Shares 

6,111,000 of
our ordinary shares are outstanding including: 

4,600,000 ordinary shares underlying the units issued as
part of our initial offering; and 

1,511,000 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders. 

Under the Companies Act, the ordinary shares are
deemed to be issued when the name of the shareholder is entered in our register of members. Our register of members will be maintained
by our transfer agent Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. If (a) information that is required to be entered in the register
of members is omitted from the register or is inaccurately entered in the register, or (b) there is unreasonable delay in entering information
in the register, a shareholder of the company, or any person who is aggrieved by the omission, inaccuracy or delay, may apply to the British
Virgin Islands Courts for an order that the register be rectified, and the court may either refuse the application or order the rectification
of the register, and may direct the company to pay all costs of the application and any damages the applicant may have sustained. 

At any general meeting every ordinary shareholder
who is present in person or by proxy will have one vote for each ordinary share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. The
chairman is responsible for deciding in such manner as he considers appropriate whether any resolution proposed has been carried or not
and the result of his decision shall be announced to the general meeting and recorded in the minutes of the general meeting. If the chairman
has any doubt as to the outcome of the vote on a proposed resolution, he shall cause a poll to be taken of all votes cast upon such resolution.
If the chairman fails to take a poll then any shareholder present in person or by proxy who disputes the announcement by the chairman
of the result of any vote may immediately following such announcement demand that a poll be taken and the chairman shall cause a poll
to be taken. If a poll is taken at any general meeting, the result shall be announced to the general meeting and recorded in the minutes
of the general meeting. Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the rights attaching to ordinary shares (including
those provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our ordinary shareholders) may only be amended by a resolution
of persons holding 65 (or 50 if approved in connection with our initial business combination) of our outstanding ordinary shares attending
and voting on such amendment. Other provisions of our memorandum and articles of association may be amended prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by
resolution of the directors. Following the consummation of, or in connection with, our initial business combination, the rights and obligations
attaching to our ordinary shares and other provisions of our memorandum and articles of association may be amended if approved by a majority
of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. There is no cumulative voting with
respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors
can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefore. 

We may not currently intend to hold an annual meeting
of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Therefore, if our shareholders want us to hold a meeting prior
to such consummation, they may requisition the directors to hold one upon the written request of members entitled to exercise at least
30 of the voting rights in respect of the matter for which the meeting is requested. Under British Virgin Islands law, we may not increase
the required percentage to call a meeting above such 30 level. 

Our memorandum and articles of association will
require us to provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein and any limitations
(including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination.
The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per share, whether or not the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares
and public shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. We intend to obtain shareholder approval in
connection with our initial business combination. If we so decide, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in
conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval,
we will consummate our initial business combination only if a majority of the votes of ordinary shareholders who being so entitled attend
and vote at the general meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in our registration statement effective on June 23, 2020),
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate
their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary
shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give
approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if held, at which a
vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with
our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during
or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a shareholder
vote is not required for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our memorandum and articles of association, offer to redeem
our public shares pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to consummating our
initial business combination. Our memorandum and articles of association requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially
the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s
proxy rules. 

Pursuant to our memorandum and articles of association,
if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within a 12 month period from the closing of our initial public offering
(or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
as described in more detail in our registration statement effective on June 23, 2020), we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable
and less interest earned thereon that is released to us), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations
except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected as
required by and by function of our memorandum and articles of association and prior to any formal voluntary liquidation of the company.
Our sponsor has agreed to waive its right to receive liquidating distributions with respect to its founder shares if we fail to consummate
our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing
of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our
registration statement effective on June 23, 2020). However, if our sponsor or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public
shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public
shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period. 

2 

Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable
dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation or winding
up of the company after our initial business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the redemption rights set forth above. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical to the other ordinary
shares included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights
as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below,
and (ii) our initial shareholders agreed (A) to waive their rights to liquidating distribution with respect to their founder shares and
public shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public
offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination, as described in more detail in our registration statement effective on June 23, 2020), although they will be entitled to
redemption rights with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within such time
period. Our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the offering
in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during
or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

All of the founder shares outstanding prior to the
date of closing of our initial public offering were placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as escrow
agent. Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares (except to certain permitted transferees
as described below) until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the
date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the six month anniversary of
the consummation of a business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate
a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right
to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred shares 

Our memorandum and articles of association authorizes
the creation and issuance without shareholder approval of an unlimited number of preferred shares divided into such classes or series,
each with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined by a resolution of our board of directors who will amend the memorandum
and articles of association to create such designations, rights and preferences. Unlike Delaware law, all shares of a single class must
be issued with the same rights and obligations. No preferred shares are currently issued or outstanding. Accordingly, our board of directors
is empowered, without shareholder approval, to issue preferred shares with dividend, liquidation, redemption, voting or other rights,
which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of ordinary shares. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits
us, prior to our initial business combination, from issuing preferred shares which participate in any manner in the proceeds of the trust
account, or which vote as a class with the ordinary shares on our initial business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred
shares to effect our initial business combination. In addition, the preferred shares could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying
or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preferred shares, we may do so in the future. 

3 

The rights of preferred shareholders, once the preferred
shares are in issue, may only be amended by a resolution to amend our memorandum and articles of association provided such amendment is
also approved by a separate resolution of a majority of the votes of preferred shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at the
class meeting of the relevant preferred class. If our preferred shareholders want us to hold a meeting of preferred shareholders (or of
a class of preferred shareholders), they may requisition the directors to hold one upon the written request of preferred shareholders
entitled to exercise at least 30 of the voting rights in respect of the matter (or class) for which the meeting is requested. Under British
Virgin Islands law, we may not increase the required percentage to call a meeting above 30 . 

Under the Companies Act there are no provisions
which specifically prevent the issuance of preferred shares or any such other poison pill measures. Our memorandum and articles
of association also do not contain any express prohibitions on the issuance of any preferred shares. Therefore, the directors, without
the approval of the holders of ordinary shares, may issue preferred shares that have characteristics that may be deemed anti-takeover.
Additionally, such a designation of shares may be used in connection with plans that are poison pill plans. However, as noted above under
the Companies Act, a director in the exercise of his powers and performance of his duties is required to act honestly and in good faith
in what the director believes to be the best interests of the company. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all ordinary shares
held by it in connection with the initial business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of
rights in order to receive its additional ordinary shares upon consummation of an initial business combination, as the consideration related
thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in our initial public offering. If we enter into a definitive
agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders
of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted
into ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert its rights in order to receive the 1/10
of one ordinary share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business combination.
More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate its election to convert the rights into underlying ordinary shares as
well as to return the original rights certificates to us. 

If we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any
such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with
respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As soon as practicable upon the consummation of
our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights agent. Upon receipt
of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such rights the number of full ordinary shares to which it is entitled.
We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly upon consummation of such business
combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their rights for ordinary shares should take no
more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature and is not intended to provide us with any
means of avoiding our obligation to issue the ordinary shares underlying the rights upon consummation of our initial business combination.
Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no ability to avoid delivery of the ordinary
shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver ordinary shares to the holders of
the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the
rights. Accordingly, you might not receive the ordinary shares underlying the rights. 

The ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of
the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). We will not issue fractional ordinary shares upon
conversion of the rights. If, upon conversion of the rights, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in an ordinary
share, we will, upon conversion, comply with the BVI Business Companies Act for the disposition of fractional interests by those entitled
thereto, (2) pay in cash the fair value of fractions of an ordinary share as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions
are determined or (3) issue scrip or warrants in registered form (either represented by a certificate or uncertificated) or in bearer
form (represented by a certificate) which shall entitle the holder to receive a full ordinary share upon the surrender of such scrip or
warrants aggregating a full share). We will make the determination of how we are treating fractional ordinary shares at the time of our
initial business combination and will include such determination in the proxy materials we will send to stockholders for their consideration
of such initial business combination. 

4 

Warrants 

Each public warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the
later of the completion of an initial business combination or 12 months from the date of closing of our initial public offering. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, a warrant-holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of ordinary shares. However, no public warrants
will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days from the closing of our initial
business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when
we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption
from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial business combination at 5:00 p.m., New
York City time. 

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an
issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in
good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates,
without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance)
(the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting
on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described herein will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The private warrants will be identical to the public
warrants underlying the units being offered by our initial public offering except that such private warrants will be exercisable for cash
(even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective) or on a cashless
basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by the initial purchasers
or their affiliates. 

We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding
the private warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of
redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 16.50 per ordinary share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants
become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and; 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement
in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period
referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

5 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the
warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a
warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have been
established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient
differential between the then-prevailing ordinary share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the ordinary share price declines
as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the ordinary share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us,
we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration
or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best
efforts to register or qualify such ordinary shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants
were offered by us in our initial public offering. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the
exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market
value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on
the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise
our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including
the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding
dilutive share issuances. 

The warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but
requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any
change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of ordinary shares
issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary
dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of
ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive
ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each
share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Except as described above, no public warrants will
be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus
relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the ordinary shares have been registered or qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant
agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able
to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders
will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating
to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the ordinary shares is not qualified or exempt
from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash
settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. 

6 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction
on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that,
after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the ordinary shares outstanding. 

No fractional ordinary shares will be issued upon
exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in an ordinary
share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings,
if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Private Units 

The private units (including the rights and warrants
or ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the rights or warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders, 
to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long
as they are held by members of the sponsor or their permitted transferees. Otherwise, the private units have terms and provisions that
are identical the units sold in our initial public offering except the warrants included in the private units will be non-redeemable and
may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.
If the warrants included in the private units are held by holders other than the holders who purchased such units or their permitted transferees,
the warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold
in our initial public offering. 

Our Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent, and Right Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant
agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Listing of Our Securities 

Our units, ordinary shares, rights
and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols BRLU, BRLI, BRLIR and BRLW respectively.
The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion of our initial business
combination. 

7 

Memorandum and Articles of Association 

As set forth in the memorandum of association, the
objects for which are established are unrestricted and we shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by
the Companies Act or as the same may be revised from time to time, or any other law of the British Virgin Islands. 

Our memorandum and articles of association contains
provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our ordinary shareholders prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of 65 (or 50 if approved in connection with our initial business
combination) of our outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment. Our initial shareholders, who will beneficially
own approximately 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering (assuming they do not purchase any units
in our initial public offering and excluding the private placement, and excluding the rights underlying the private units and the representative
shares), will participate in any vote to amend our memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any
manner they choose. Prior to our initial business combination, if we seek to amend any provisions of our memorandum and articles of association
relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote on any proposed amendments to our memorandum and articles of association.
We and our directors and officers have agreed not to propose any amendment to our memorandum and articles of association that would affect
the substance and timing of our obligation to redeem our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if
we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our registration statement effective
on June 23, 2020). Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public
shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our memorandum and articles of association prior to our initial business combination. 

Specifically, our memorandum and articles of association
provide, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering
if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our registration statement effective
on June 23, 2020), we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable and less up to 50,000 of the net interest earned thereon to pay dissolution
expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of
our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be done automatically by function of our memorandum
and articles of association and prior to commencing any voluntary liquidation; and; 

except in connection with the consummation of our initial
business combination, prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof
to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to enter into our initial business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, we are not prohibited from doing so.
In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination
is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view, and; 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our memorandum and articles of association
provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

8 

Changes in Authorized Shares 

We are authorized to issue an unlimited number of
shares, with no par value, divided into two (2) classes of shares being (i) ordinary shares and (ii) preferred shares, which will have
certain privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to them as the shares in issue. We may by resolution of directors or shareholders: 

consolidate and divide all or any of our unissued authorized
shares into shares of larger or smaller amount than our existing shares; 

cancel any shares which, at the date of the passing of the
resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person, or; 

create new classes of shares with preferences to be determined
by resolution of the board of directors to amend the memorandum and articles of association to create new classes of shares with such
preferences at the time of authorization, although any such new classes of shares, with the exception of the preferred shares, may only
be created with prior shareholder approval. 

Pre-emption Rights 

There are no pre-emption rights applicable to the
issuance of new shares under our memorandum and articles of association. 

Variation of Rights of Shares 

As permitted by the Companies Act and our memorandum
of association, we may vary the rights attached to any class of shares only with: (i) in the case of the ordinary shares prior to our
initial business combination, the consent of not less than 65 (or 50 if for the purposes of approving, or in connection with, the consummation
of our initial business combination) of the votes who are in attendance and vote at a meeting, or (ii) in the case of the preferred shares,
50 of the votes of shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at a meeting of such shares, except, in each case where a greater
majority is required under our memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Act, provided that that for these purposes the
creation, designation or issue of preferred shares with rights and privileges ranking in priority to an existing class of shares is deemed
not to be a variation of the rights of such existing class and may in accordance with our memorandum and articles of association be effected
by resolution of directors without shareholder approval. 

BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS COMPANY CONSIDERATIONS 

Our corporate affairs are governed by our memorandum
and articles of association and the provisions of applicable British Virgin Islands law, including the Companies Act. The Companies Act
differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of some significant differences
between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and
their shareholders. A brief discussion of certain other provisions of the Companies Act and British Virgin Islands law also follows. 

We cannot predict whether British Virgin Islands
Courts would reach the same conclusions based on a particular set of facts as the U.S. courts would be expected to reach. Thus, you may
have more difficulty in protecting your interests in the face of actions by the management, directors or controlling shareholders than
would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a United States jurisdiction, which has developed a substantial body of case law.
The following table provides a comparison between the statutory provisions of the Companies Act together with the provisions of our memorandum
and articles of association) and the Delaware General Corporation Law relating to shareholders rights. 

9 

British Virgin Islands 
 
 Delaware 

Shareholder Meetings 

Held at a time
 and place as determined by the directors 
 
 May be held within
 or outside the British Virgin Islands 
 
 Notice: 
 
 Under our memorandum and articles of association, a copy of
 the notice of any meeting shall be given not fewer than ten (10) days before the date of the proposed meeting to those persons whose names
 appear in the register of members on the date the notice is given and are entitled to vote at the meeting. 

May be held at
 such time or place as designated in the charter or the by-laws, or if not so designated, as determined by the board of directors 
 
 May be held within
 or without Delaware 
 
 Notice: 
 Whenever shareholders are required to take any action at a
 meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and the means
 of remote communication, if any 

Shareholders Voting Rights 

Any person authorized
 to vote may be represented at a meeting by a proxy who may speak and vote on behalf of the member 
 
 Quorum is fixed
 by our memorandum and articles of association, to consist of the holder or holders present in person or by proxy entitled to exercise
 at least 30 of the voting rights of the shares of each class or series of shares entitled to vote as a class or series thereon 

Any person authorized
 to vote may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy 
 
 For stock corporations,
 the charter or by-laws may specify the number to constitute a quorum but in no event shall a quorum consist of less than one-third of
 shares entitled to vote at a meeting. In the absence of such specifications, a majority of shares shall constitute a quorum 

British Virgin Islands 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Under our memorandum and articles of association, subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any shares, at any general meeting every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy shall have one vote and on a poll every shareholder present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for each share which such shareholder is the holder. The chairman is responsible for deciding in such manner as he considers appropriate whether any resolution proposed has been carried or not and the result of his decision shall be announced to the general meeting and recorded in the minutes of the general meeting. If the chairman has any doubt as to the outcome of the vote on a proposed resolution, he shall cause a poll to be taken of all votes cast upon such resolution. If the chairman fails to take a poll then any shareholder present in person or by proxy who disputes the announcement by the chairman of the result of any vote may immediately following such announcement demand that a poll be taken and the chairman shall cause a poll to be taken. If a poll is taken at any general meeting, the result shall be announced to the general meeting and recorded in the minutes of the general meeting. 
 
 For non-stock companies, the charter or by-laws may specify the number of shareholders to constitute a quorum. In the absence of this, one-third of the shareholders shall constitute a quorum 

Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, changes in the rights attaching to the ordinary shares as set forth in the memorandum and articles of association require approval by way of resolution of not less than 65 (or 50 if for the purposes of approving, or in connection with, the consummation of our initial business combination) of those outstanding ordinary shares attending the meeting and voting in respect of such resolution, following the consummation of our initial business combination, changes in the rights attaching to the ordinary shares require the approval by way of resolution of only a majority of those outstanding ordinary shares attending at the meeting and voting in respect of such resolution. 
 
 Except as provided in the charter documents, changes in the rights of shareholders as set forth in the charter documents require approval of a majority of its shareholders 

10 

The rights attaching to the preferred shares may be changed by way of a resolution of a majority of the votes attending and voting at the relevant meeting or class meeting. 

However, in the case of both the ordinary shares and the preferred shares, the above is subject to any greater majority is required under our memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Act, provided that that for these purposes the creation, designation or issue of preferred shares with rights and privileges ranking in priority to an existing class of shares shall be deemed not to be a variation of the rights of such existing class. 

The memorandum and articles of association do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors 
 
 The memorandum and articles of association may provide for cumulative voting 

If we decide to seek shareholder approval in respect of the consummation of our initial business combination, such approval may be by a majority vote of shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at the general meeting 

Approval of our initial business combination may be by a majority of outstanding shares if such transaction involves the merger of such entity 

British Virgin Islands 
 
 Delaware 
 
 All other matters to be decided upon by the shareholders require a majority vote of shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at the general meeting, unless the Companies Act requires a higher majority. Our memorandum and articles of association also may be amended by resolution of directors, including to create the rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to any blank check preferred shares. 

Directors 

Board must consist of at least one director 
 
 Board must consist of at least one member 
 
 Maximum and minimum number of directors can be changed by an amendment to the articles of association, with such amendment being passed by a resolution of shareholders or a resolution of directors 
 
 Number of board members shall be fixed by the by-laws, unless the charter fixes the number of directors, in which case a change in the number shall be made only by amendment of the charter 

Directors are appointed for the term, if any, fixed by the resolution appointing him, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. If no term is fixed on the appointment of a Director, the Director shall serve indefinitely until his earlier death, resignation or removal. 

Directors do not have to be independent Under our memorandum and articles of association, a director may not be removed from office by a resolution of our shareholders prior to the consummation of our business combination. 
 
 Directors do not have to be independent 

11 

Fiduciary Duties 

Directors and officers owe fiduciary duties at both common law and under statute as follows: 
 
 Directors and officers must act in good faith, with the care of a prudent person, and in the best interest of the corporation. 

Duty to act honestly and in good faith in what the directors believe to be in the best interests of the company; 
 
 Directors and officers must refrain from self-dealing, usurping corporate opportunities and receiving improper personal benefits. 

Duty to exercise powers for a proper purpose and directors shall not act, or agree to act, in a matter that contravenes the Companies Act or the memorandum and articles of association; 

Decisions made by directors and officers on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action was taken in the best interest of the corporation will be protected by the business judgment rule. 

Duty to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director
 would exercise in the circumstances taking into account, without limitation: 
 
 (a) the nature
 of the company; 
 
 (b) the nature
 of the decision; and 
 
 (c) the
position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him. 

British Virgin Islands 
 
 Delaware 

The Companies Act provides that, a director of a company shall, immediately
 after becoming aware of the fact that he is interested in a transaction entered into, or to be entered into, by the company, disclose
 the interest to the board of the company. However, the failure of a director to disclose that interest does not affect the validity of
 a transaction entered into by the director or the company, so long as the transaction was not required to be disclosed because the transaction
 is between the company and the director himself and is in the ordinary course of business and on usual terms and conditions. Additionally,
 the failure of a director to disclose an interest does not affect the validity of the transaction entered into by the company if (a) the
 material facts of the interest of the director in the transaction are known by the shareholders and the transaction is approved or ratified
 by a resolution of shareholders entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders or (b) the company received fair value for the transaction. 
 
 Pursuant to the Companies Act, the company s memorandum and articles
 of association, so long as a director has disclosed any interests in a transaction entered into or to be entered into by the company to
 the board he/she may: 
 
 vote on a matter relating to the transaction; 
 attend a meeting of directors at which a matter relating to
 the transaction arises and be included among the directors present at the meeting for the purposes of a quorum; and 
 
 sign a document on behalf of the company, or do any other
 thing in his capacity as a director, that relates to the transaction. 
 
 Directors may vote on a matter in which they have an interest so long as the director has disclosed any interests in the transaction. 

12 

Shareholders Derivative Actions 

Generally speaking, the company is the proper plaintiff in any action. A shareholder may, with the permission of the British Virgin Islands Court, bring an action or intervene in a matter in the name of the company, in certain circumstances. Such actions are known as derivative actions. The British Virgin Islands Court may only grant permission to bring a derivative action where the following circumstances apply: 
 
 In any derivative suit instituted by a shareholder of a corporation, it shall be averred in the complaint that the plaintiff was a shareholder of the corporation at the time of the transaction of which he complains or that such shareholder s stock thereafter devolved upon such shareholder by operation of law. 

the company does not intend to bring, diligently continue or defend or discontinue the proceedings; and 
 
 Complaint shall set forth with particularity the efforts of the plaintiff to obtain the action by the board or the reasons for not making such effort. 

it is in the interests of the company that the conduct of the proceedings not be left to the directors or to the determination of the shareholders as a whole. 
 
 Such action shall not be dismissed or compromised without the approval of the Chancery Court. 

When considering whether to grant leave, the British Virgin Islands Court is also required to have regard to the following matters: 

British Virgin Islands 
 
 Delaware 

whether the shareholder
 is acting in good faith; 
 
 whether a derivative
 action is in the interests of the company, taking into account the directors views on commercial matters; 
 
 whether the action
 is likely to succeed; 
 
 the costs of the
 proceedings in relation to the relief likely to be obtained; and 
 
 whether another
 alternative remedy to the derivative action is available. 
 
 If we were a Delaware corporation, a shareholder whose shares were cancelled in connection with our dissolution, would not be able to bring a derivative action against us after the ordinary shares have been cancelled. 

As noted above, the Companies Act differs from laws
applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of some of the significant provisions of
the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. The
Companies Act provides for mergers as that expression is understood under United States corporate law. Under the Companies Act, two or
more companies may either merge into one of such existing companies (the surviving company or consolidate with both existing
companies ceasing to exist and forming a new company (the consolidated company ). The procedure for a merger or consolidation
between the company and another company (which need not be a BVI company, and which may be the company s parent or subsidiary, but
need not be) is set out in the Companies Act. The directors of the BVI company or BVI companies which are to merge or consolidate must
approve a written plan of merger or consolidation which., with the exception of a merger between a parent company and its subsidiary,
must also be approved by a resolution of a majority of the shareholders who are entitled to vote and actually vote at a quorate meeting
of shareholders or by written resolution of the shareholders of the BVI company or BVI companies which are to merge. A foreign company
which is able under the laws of its foreign jurisdiction to participate in the merger or consolidation is required by the Companies Act
to comply with the laws of that foreign jurisdiction in relation to the merger or consolidation. The company must then execute articles
of merger or consolidation, containing certain prescribed details. The plan and articles of merger or consolidation are then filed with
the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands. The Registrar then registers the articles of merger or consolidation
and any amendment to the memorandum and articles of the surviving company in a merger or the memorandum and articles of association of
the new consolidated company in a consolidation and issue a certificate of merger or consolidation (which is conclusive evidence of compliance
with all requirements of the Companies Act in respect of the merger or consolidation). The merger is effective on the date that the articles
of merger are registered with the Registrar or on such subsequent date, not exceeding thirty days, as is stated in the articles of merger
or consolidation. 

13 

As soon as a merger becomes effective: (a) the surviving
company or consolidated company (so far as is consistent with its memorandum and articles of association, as amended or established by
the articles of merger or consolidation) has all rights, privileges, immunities, powers, objects and purposes of each of the constituent
companies; (b) in the case of a merger, the memorandum and articles of association of any surviving company are automatically amended
to the extent, if any, that changes to its amended memorandum and articles of association are contained in the articles of merger or,
in the case of a consolidation, the memorandum and articles of association filed with the articles of consolidation are the memorandum
and articles of the consolidated company; (c) assets of every description, including choses-in-action and the business of each of the
constituent companies, immediately vest in the surviving company or consolidated company; (d) the surviving company or consolidated company
is liable for all claims, debts, liabilities and obligations of each of the constituent companies; (e) no conviction, judgment, ruling,
order, claim, debt, liability or obligation due or to become due, and no cause existing, against a constituent company or against any
member, director, officer or agent thereof, is released or impaired by the merger or consolidation; and (f) no proceedings, whether civil
or criminal, pending at the time of a merger by or against a constituent company, or against any member, director, officer or agent thereof,
are abated or discontinued by the merger or consolidation; but: (i) the proceedings may be enforced, prosecuted, settled or compromised
by or against the surviving company or consolidated company or against the member, director, officer or agent thereof; as the case may
be; or (ii) the surviving company or consolidated company may be substituted in the proceedings for a constituent company. The Registrar
shall strike off the register of companies each constituent company that is not the surviving company in the case of a merger and all
constituent companies in the case of a consolidation. 

If the directors determine it to be in the best
interests of the company, it is also possible for a merger to be approved as a Court approved plan of arrangement or scheme of arrangement
in accordance with the Companies Act. However, we do not anticipate the use of such statutory provisions because we expect the required
terms of the initial business combination will be capable of being achieved through other means, such as a merger or consolidation (as
described above), a share exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 

Poison Pill Defenses. Under
the Companies Act there are no provisions, which specifically prevent the issuance of preferred shares or any such other poison
pill measures. The memorandum and articles of association of the company also do not contain any express prohibitions on the issuance
of any preferred shares. Therefore, the directors without the approval of the holders of ordinary shares may issue preferred shares that
have characteristics that may be deemed to be anti-takeover. Additionally, such a designation of shares may be used in connection with
plans that are poison pill plans. However, as noted above under the Companies Act, a director in the exercise of his powers and performance
of his duties is required to act honestly and in good faith in what the director believes to be the best interests of the company. 

Directors: Our directors
are appointed for the term, if any, fixed by the resolution appointing them, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. If
no term is fixed on the appointment of a Director, the Director shall serve indefinitely until his earlier death, resignation or removal.
Under our memorandum and articles of association, a director may not be removed from office by a resolution of our shareholders prior
to the consummation of our business combination. There is nothing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, which specifically prohibits
or restricts the creation of cumulative voting rights for the election of our directors. Our memorandum and articles of association do
not provide for cumulative voting for such elections. 

There are no share ownership qualifications for
directors. 

Meetings of our board of directors may be convened
at any time by any of our directors. 

A meeting of our board of directors will be quorate
if at least a majority of the directors are present or represented by an alternate director. At any meeting of our directors, each director,
whether by his or her presence or by his or her alternate, is entitled to one vote. Questions arising at a meeting of our board of directors
are required to be decided by simple majority votes of the directors present or represented at the meeting. Our board of directors also
may pass resolutions without a meeting by unanimous written consent. 

14 

Agents . Our board
of directors has the power to appoint any person (whether or not a director or other officer of the company) to be an agent of the company. 

When appointing an agent of the company, our directors
may authorize the agent to appoint one or more substitutes or delegates to exercise some or all of the powers conferred on the agent.
Our directors may remove an agent and may revoke or vary a power conferred on him. 

Indemnification of Directors. Our
memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to certain limitations, the company shall indemnify its directors and officers
against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in
connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good
faith with a view to the best interests of the company and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to
believe that their conduct was unlawful. The decision of the directors as to whether the person acted honestly and in good faith and with
a view to the best interests of the company and as to whether the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful
is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient for the purposes of the memorandum and articles of association, unless a question of law is involved.
The termination of any proceedings by any judgment, order, settlement, conviction or the entering of a nolle prosequi does not, by itself,
create a presumption that the person did not act honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company or that
the person had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

Directors and Conflicts of Interest. As
noted in the table above, pursuant to the Companies Act and the company s memorandum and articles of association, a director
of a company who has an interest in a transaction and who has declared such interest to the other directors, may: 

a) vote on a matter relating to the transaction; 

b) attend a meeting of directors at which a matter relating to
the transaction arises and be included among the directors present at the meeting for the purposes of a quorum; and 

c) sign a document on behalf of the company, or do any other thing
in his capacity as a director, that relates to the transaction. 

Shareholders Suits. Our
British Virgin Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a British Virgin Islands court. The enforcement
of the company s rights will ordinarily be a matter for its directors. 

In certain limited circumstances, a shareholder
has the right to seek various remedies against the company in the event the directors are in breach of their duties under the Companies
Act. Pursuant to Section 184B of the Companies Act, if a company or director of a company engages in, or proposes to engage in or has
engaged in, conduct that contravenes the provisions of the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles of association of the company,
the British Virgin Islands Court may, on application of a shareholder or director of the company, make an order directing the company
or director to comply with, or restraining the company or director from engaging in conduct that contravenes the Companies Act or the
memorandum or articles. Furthermore, pursuant to section 184I(1) of the Companies Act a shareholder of a company who considers that
the affairs of the company have been, are being or likely to be, conducted in a manner that is, or any acts of the company have been,
or are likely to be oppressive, unfairly discriminatory, or unfairly prejudicial to him in that capacity, may apply to the British Virgin
Islands Court for an order which, inter alia, can require the company or any other person to pay compensation to the shareholders. 

The Companies Act provides for a series of remedies
available to shareholders. Where a company incorporated under the Companies Act conducts some activity, which breaches the Act or the
company s memorandum and articles of association, the court can issue a restraining or compliance order. Under the Companies Act,
a shareholder of a company may bring an action against the company for breach of a duty owed by the company to him as a member. A shareholder
also may, with the permission of the British Virgin Islands Court, bring an action or intervene in a matter in the name of the company,
in certain circumstances. Such actions are known as derivative actions. As noted above, the British Virgin Islands Court may only grant
permission to bring a derivative action where the following circumstances apply: 

15 

the company does not intend to bring, diligently continue
or defend or discontinue proceedings; and 

it is in the interests of the company that the conduct of
the proceedings not be left to the directors or to the determination of the shareholders as a whole. 

When considering whether to grant leave, the British Virgin
Islands Court is also required to have regard to the following matters: 

whether the shareholder is acting in good faith; 

whether a derivative action is in the company s best
interests, taking into account the directors views on commercial matters; 

whether the action is likely to proceed; 

the costs of the proceedings; and 

whether an alternative remedy is available. 

Any member of a company may apply to the British
Virgin Islands Court under the Insolvency Act for the appointment of a liquidator to liquidate the company and the court may appoint a
liquidator for the company if it is of the opinion that it is just and equitable to do so. 

The Companies Act provides that any shareholder
of a company is entitled to payment of the fair value of his shares upon dissenting from any of the following: (a) a merger if the company
is a constituent company, unless the company is the surviving company and the member continues to hold the same or similar shares; (b)
a consolidation if the company is a constituent company; (c) any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or other disposition of more than 50 per
cent in value of the assets or business of the company if not made in the usual or regular course of the business carried on by the company
but not including: (i) a disposition pursuant to an order of the court having jurisdiction in the matter, (ii) a disposition for money
on terms requiring all or substantially all net proceeds to be distributed to the members in accordance with their respective interest
within one year after the date of disposition, or (iii) a transfer pursuant to the power of the directors to transfer assets for the protection
thereof; (d) a compulsory redemption of 10 per cent, or fewer of the issued shares of the company required by the holders of 90 percent,
or more of the shares of the company pursuant to the terms of the Act; and (e) a plan of arrangement, if permitted by the British Virgin
Islands Court. 

Generally any other claims against a company by
its shareholders must be based on the general laws of contract or tort applicable in the British Virgin Islands or their individual rights
as shareholders as established by the company s memorandum and articles of association. There are common law rights for the protection
of shareholders that may be invoked, largely derived from English common law. Under the general English company law known as the rule
in Foss v. Harbottle, a court will generally refuse to interfere with the management of a company at the insistence of a minority of its
shareholders who express dissatisfaction with the conduct of the company s affairs by the majority or the board of directors. However,
every shareholder is entitled to seek to have the affairs of the company conducted properly according to law and the constituent documents
of the corporation. As such, if those who control the company have persistently disregarded the requirements of company law or the provisions
of the company s memorandum and articles of association, then the courts may grant relief. Generally, the areas in which the courts
will intervene are the following: 

a company is acting or proposing to act illegally or beyond
the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the
authority, could only be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; 

the individual rights of the plaintiff shareholder have been
infringed or are about to be infringed; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud
on the minority. 

16 

Compulsory Acquisition. Under
the Companies Act, subject to any limitations in a company s memorandum or articles, members holding 90 of the votes of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote, and members holding 90 of the votes of the outstanding shares of each class of shares entitled to vote, may
give a written instruction to the company directing the company to redeem the shares held by the remaining members. Upon receipt of such
written instruction, the company shall redeem the shares specified in the written instruction, irrespective of whether or not the shares
are by their terms redeemable. The company shall give written notice to each member whose shares are to be redeemed stating the redemption
price and the manner in which the redemption is to be effected. A member whose shares are to be so redeemed is entitled to dissent from
such redemption, and to be paid the fair value of his shares, as described under Shareholders Suits above. 

Share Repurchases and Redemptions. As
permitted by the Companies Act and our memorandum and articles of association, shares may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired
by us. Depending on the circumstances of the redemption or repurchase, our directors may need to determine that immediately following
the redemption or repurchase we will be able to satisfy our debts as they fall due and the value of our assets exceeds our liabilities.
Our directors may only exercise this power on our behalf, subject to the Companies Act, our memorandum and articles of association and
to any applicable requirements imposed from time to time by the SEC, the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other stock exchange on which our
securities are listed. 

Dividends. Subject
to the Companies Act and our memorandum and articles of association, our directors may declare dividends at a time and amount they think
fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that, immediately after distribution of the dividend, the value of our assets will exceed
our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they fall due. No dividend shall carry interest against us. 

Rights of Non-resident or Foreign Shareholders
and Disclosure of Substantial Shareholdings : There are no limitations imposed by our memorandum and articles
of association on the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or exercise voting rights on our shares. In addition, there
are no provisions in our memorandum and articles of association governing the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership must
be disclosed. 

Untraceable Shareholders. Under
our memorandum and articles of association, we are entitled to sell any shares of a shareholder who is untraceable, as long as: (a) all
checks, not being less than three in total number, for any sums payable in cash to the holder of such shares have remained uncashed for
a period of 12 years; (b) we have not during that time or before the expiry of the three-month period referred to in (c) below received
any indication of the existence of the shareholder or person entitled to such shares by death, bankruptcy or operation of law; and (c) upon
expiration of the 12-year period, we have caused an advertisement to be published in newspapers, giving notice of our intention to sell
these shares, and a period of three months or such shorter period has elapsed since the date of such advertisement. The net proceeds of
any such sale shall belong to us, and when we receive these net proceeds we shall become indebted to the former shareholder for an amount
equal to such net proceeds. 

Transfer of Shares. Subject
to any applicable restrictions set forth in our memorandum and articles of association, any of our shareholders may transfer all or any
of his or her shares by an instrument of transfer in the usual or common form or in any other form which our directors may approve. 

Inspection of Books and Records. Under
the Companies Act, members of the general public, on payment of a nominal fee, can obtain copies of the public records of a company available
at the office of the Registrar which will include the company s certificate of incorporation, its memorandum and articles of association
(with any amendments) and records of license fees paid to date and will also disclose any articles of dissolution, articles of merger
and a register of charges if the company has elected to file such a register. 

A member of a company is entitled, on giving written
notice to the company, to inspect: 

a) the memorandum and articles; 

b) the register of members; 

c) the register of directors; and 

d) the minutes of meetings and resolutions of members and of those
classes of members of which he is a member; and to make copies of or take extracts from the documents and records referred to in (a)
to (d) above. 

17 

Subject to the memorandum and articles of association,
the directors may, if they are satisfied that it would be contrary to the company s interests to allow a member to inspect any document,
or part of a document, specified in (b), (c) or (d) above, refuse to permit the member to inspect the document or limit the inspection
of the document, including limiting the making of copies or the taking of extracts from the records. 

Where a company fails or refuses to permit a member
to inspect a document or permits a member to inspect a document subject to limitations, that member may apply to the British Virgin Islands
Court for an order that he should be permitted to inspect the document or to inspect the document without limitation. 

Dissolution; Winding Up . As
permitted by the Companies Act and our memorandum and articles of association, we may be voluntarily liquidated under Part XII of the
Companies Act by resolution of directors and resolution of shareholders if we have no liabilities or we are able to pay our debts as they
fall due. 

We also may be wound up in circumstances where we
are insolvent in accordance with the terms of the Insolvency Act. 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws 

In order to comply with legislation or regulations
aimed at the prevention of money laundering we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require subscribers
to provide evidence to verify their identity. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we also may delegate the maintenance
of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person. 

We reserve the right to request such information
as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any
information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned
without interest to the account from which they were originally debited. 

If any person resident in the British Virgin Islands
knows or suspects that another person is engaged in money laundering or terrorist financing and the information for that knowledge or
suspicion came to their attention in the course of their business the person will be required to report his belief or suspicion to the
Financial Investigation Agency of the British Virgin Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Criminal Conduct Act 1997 (as amended). Such
a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment
or otherwise. 

SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 

Immediately after our initial public offering we
have 6,111,000 ordinary shares, excluding shares underlying rights to be sold in our initial public offering and excluding shares underlying
the private rights and private warrants. Of these ordinary shares, the 4,600,000 ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering will
be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our
affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 1,511,000 ordinary shares, including the 261,000
insider units are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.
All of those ordinary shares will not be transferable except in limited circumstances described elsewhere in our registration statement
effective on June 23, 2020. 

18 

Rule 144 

A person who has beneficially owned restricted ordinary
shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have
been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange
Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted ordinary
shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would
be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares
that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding,
which will equal 61,110 ordinary shares, and; 

the average weekly trading volume of the ordinary shares
during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner
of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities
initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously
a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports
and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required
to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its
founder shares and insider units including any of the private rights or private warrants thereunder, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144
without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into on June 26,
2020, our initial shareholders and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and their permitted transferees can demand that we register for resale the founder
shares, the private units and underlying securities, the representative shares and any securities issued upon conversion of working capital
loans. The holders of 25 of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. may not
exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years after the effective date of our
registration statement and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

19 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2020ex31-1_brilliantacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Dr. Peng Jiang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 12, 2021 

/s/ Dr. Peng Jiang 

Dr. Peng Jiang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2020ex31-2_brilliantacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Dr. Peng Jiang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 12, 2021 

/s/ Dr. Peng Jiang 

Dr. Peng Jiang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 f10k2020ex32_brilliantacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the restatement of the Annual Report of Brilliant
Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Dr. Peng Jiang 

Dr. Peng Jiang 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Dr. Peng Jiang 

Dr. Peng Jiang 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 brli-20201231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 brli-20201231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 brli-20201231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 brli-20201231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 brli-20201231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 brli-20201231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

