<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211214_10-K_edgar_data_1744179_0001744179-21-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3835569</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>545418</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>27367</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3139314</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001744179-21-000015.hdr.sgml : 20211214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211214165801
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001744179-21-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001744179
		IRS NUMBER:				934521152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01281
		FILM NUMBER:		211491683

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O OAKTREE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.
		STREET 2:		333 S. GRAND AVENUE, 28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2138306300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O OAKTREE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.
		STREET 2:		333 S. GRAND AVENUE, 28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001744179-21-000015.txt : 20211214

10-K
 1
 osiii-0930202110xk.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 Form 10-K 
 (Mark One) x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 000-55975 
 Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 
 DELAWARE 
 (State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 83-0566439 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 (Address of principal executive office) 
 90071 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE 
 (213) 830-6300 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods as the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer x 
 Smaller reporting company o 
 Emerging growth company x 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No x 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered N A N A N A 
 
 1 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at December 13, 2021 Common stock, 0.001 par value 17,401,121 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, there was no established public market for the registrant's common stock. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the registrant s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated herein. 

2 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 Item 2. Properties 
 48 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 49 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 49 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 117 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 117 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 118 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 118 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 118 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 118 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 118 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 119 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 119 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 122 
 Signatures 
 123 

3 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, where applicable, the Company , which may also be referred to as we, us or our is structured as a closed-end investment company focused on lending to small-and medium-sized companies. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company (a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act and have elected to be treated, and to comply with the requirements to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code ). 
 We were formed on April 30, 2018 as a Delaware corporation and are externally managed by Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (the Adviser or Oaktree ). Oaktree is an affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. OCM ), the Company's external investment adviser through May 11, 2020, and a subsidiary of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC OCG ). In 2019, Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield acquired a majority economic interest in OCG. OCG operates as an independent business within Brookfield, with its own product offerings and investment, marketing and support teams. Oaktree Fund Administration, LLC (the Administrator ), a subsidiary of OCM, provides certain administrative and other services necessary for us to operate. 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to achieve our investment objective without subjecting principal to undue risk of loss by investing primarily in situations where a company or its owners (a) are overleveraged or facing pressures to recapitalize, (b) are unable to access broadly syndicated capital markets, (c) are undervalued after having recently exited bankruptcy or completed a restructuring or (d) are otherwise affected by mispricings or inefficiencies in the capital markets or at different points throughout the credit cycle. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Investments Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or parts of our investments. We seek to generate revenues primarily in the form of interest income from the investments we hold. In conducting our investment activities, we believe that we benefit from the significant scale and resources of Oaktree and its affiliates. 
 We conducted private offerings (each, a Private Offering of shares of our common stock (the Common Stock to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). At each closing of a Private Offering, each investor participating in that closing made a capital commitment (each a Capital Commitment to purchase shares of our Common Stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with us in connection with its Capital Commitment (a Subscription Agreement ). The initial closing of a Private Offering occurred on August 6, 2018 (the Initial Closing ). We commenced our loan origination and investment activities shortly after our initial capital drawdown from our non-affiliated investors (the Initial Drawdown ). The proceeds from the Initial Drawdown provided us with the necessary seed capital to commence operations. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we completed drawdowns of 337,558,996, or 100 , of Capital Commitments from investors in connection with Private Offerings, of which 3,854,346 in Capital Commitments were made by one or more affiliates of the Adviser. As of September 30, 2021, the fair value of our investment portfolio was 575.4 million and was comprised of investments in 108 portfolio companies. At fair value, 97.3 of our portfolio consisted of senior secured debt investments as of September 30, 2021. The weighted average annual yield of our debt investments at fair value as of September 30, 2021 was approximately 8.6 . 
 We are permitted to, and expect to continue to, finance our investments through borrowings. However, as a BDC, subject to certain limited exceptions, we are currently only allowed to borrow amounts in accordance with the asset coverage requirements in the Investment Company Act. On March 23, 2018, the Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCAA was enacted into law. The SBCAA, among other things, amended Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act to add a new Section 61(a)(2) that reduces the asset coverage requirements applicable to BDCs from 200 to 150 so long as the BDC meets certain disclosure requirements, which we have made, and obtains certain approvals, which we have obtained. Accordingly, we are subject to an asset coverage requirement of 150 . The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing, such as the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings, our ability to raise funds through the issuance of shares of our common stock and the risks of such borrowings within the context of our investment outlook. Ultimately, we only intend to use leverage 
 1 

if the expected returns from borrowing to make investments will exceed the cost of such borrowing. As of September 30, 2021, we had senior securities outstanding of 261.0 million and an asset coverage ratio of 232.8 . 
 Our Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by our Adviser. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, our Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us pursuant to the investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement by and between our Adviser and us. 
 Our Adviser is a Delaware limited liability company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). Our Adviser is an affiliate of OCM, a leading global investment management firm headquartered in Los Angeles, California, focused on less efficient markets and alternative investments. A number of the senior executives and investment professionals of our Adviser and its affiliates have been investing together for over 35 years and have generated impressive investment performance through multiple market cycles. Our Adviser and its affiliates emphasize an opportunistic, value oriented and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high-yield debt and senior loans), control investing, real estate, convertible securities and listed equities. 
 In 2019, Brookfield acquired a majority economic interest in OCG. OCG operates as an independent business within Brookfield, with its own product offerings and investment, marketing and support teams. Brookfield is a leading global alternative asset manager with a history spanning over 100 years and approximately 625 billion of assets under management (inclusive of OCG) across a broad portfolio of real estate, infrastructure, renewable power, credit and private equity assets. Commencing in 2022, OCG's founders, senior management and current and former employee-unitholders of OCG will be able to sell their remaining OCG units to Brookfield over time pursuant to an agreed upon liquidity schedule and approach to valuing such units at the time of liquidation. Pursuant to this liquidity schedule, the earliest year in which Brookfield could own 100 of the OCG business is 2029. 
 The primary firm-wide goal of our Adviser and its affiliates is to achieve attractive returns while bearing less than commensurate risk. Our Adviser and its affiliates believe that they can achieve this goal by taking advantage of market inefficiencies in which financial markets and their participants fail to accurately value assets or fail to make available to companies the capital that they reasonably require. Our Adviser and its affiliates believe that their defining characteristic is their adherence to the highest professional standards, which has yielded several important benefits. First and foremost, this characteristic has allowed our Adviser and its affiliates to attract and retain an extremely talented group of investment professionals (the Investment Professionals ), as well as accounting, valuation, legal, compliance and other administrative professionals. As of September 30, 2021, our Adviser and its affiliates had more than 1,000 professionals in 19 cities and 14 countries, including 44 portfolio managers with an average experience of 25 years and approximately 1,000 years of combined industry experience. Specifically, the Strategic Credit group that is primarily responsible for implementing our investment strategy consists of over 20 Investment Professionals led by Armen Panossian, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer, who focus on the investment strategy employed by our Adviser and certain of its affiliates. In addition, this characteristic has permitted the investment team to build strong relationships with brokers, banks and other market participants. These institutional relationships have been instrumental in strengthening access to trading opportunities, to understanding the current market, and to executing the investment team s investment strategies. Our Adviser and its affiliates aim to attract, motivate and retain talented employees (both Investment Professionals and accounting, valuation, legal, compliance and other administrative professionals) by making them active participants in, and beneficiaries of, the platform s success. In addition to competitive base salaries, all OCM employees share in a discretionary bonus pool. An employee s participation in the bonus pool is based on the overall success of our Adviser and its affiliates and the individual employee s performance and level of responsibility. 
 Our Adviser and its affiliates provide discretionary investment management services to other managed accounts and investment funds, which may have overlapping investment objectives and strategies with our own and, accordingly, may invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by us. The activities of such managed accounts and investment funds may raise actual or potential conflicts of interest. See -Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interest below and Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure - Conflicts of Interest may exist from time to time between our Adviser and certain of its affiliates involved with us, which could impair our investments returns. 
 Strategic Credit 
 Our Adviser's affiliates officially launched the Strategic Credit strategy in early 2013 as a step-out from the Distressed Debt strategy, to capture attractive investment opportunities that appear to offer too little return for distressed debt investors, but may pose too much uncertainty for high-yield bond creditors. The strategy seeks to achieve an attractive total return by investing in public and private revenue-generating, performing debt. 
 2 

Strategic Credit focuses on U.S. and non-U.S. investment opportunities that arise from pricing inefficiencies that occur in the primary and secondary markets or from the financing needs of healthy companies with limited access to traditional lenders or public markets. Typical investments will be in high yield bonds and senior secured loans for borrowers that are in need of direct loans, rescue financings, or other capital solutions or that have had challenged or unsuccessful primary offerings. 
 The Investment Professionals employ a fundamental, value-driven opportunistic approach to credit investing, which seeks to benefit from the resources, relationships and proprietary information of the global investment platform of our Adviser and its affiliates. 
 Our Administrator 
 
 We entered into an administration agreement, as amended from time to time (the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of OCM. The principal executive offices of our Administrator are located at 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, our Administrator provides services to us, and we reimburse our Administrator for costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement and providing personnel and facilities thereunder. 
 In addition, our Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement (the Sub-Administration Agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company State Street ), pursuant to which State Street provides for certain administrative and professional services. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and long-term capital appreciation. Our Adviser intends to implement the following business strategy to achieve our investment objective 
 
 Portfolio Positioning. Our Adviser intends to generate a competitive return on equity and sustainable, consistent dividends through (1) opportunistically investing across the capital structure, (2) seeking to take advantage of dislocations in financing markets and other situations that may benefit from our Adviser s credit and restructuring expertise, including as a result of the outbreak of a novel and highly contagious form of coronavirus COVID-19 ), and (3) generating capital appreciation and income through secondary investments at discounts to par in either private or syndicated transactions. 
 
 Emphasis on Proprietary Deals. Our Adviser is focused on proprietary opportunities as well as partnering with other lenders as appropriate. Dedicated sourcing professionals of our Adviser and its affiliates are in continuous contact with financial sponsors and corporate clients to originate proprietary deals and seek to leverage the networks and relationships of the Investment Professionals with management teams and corporations to originate non-sponsored transactions. Since 2005, our Adviser and its affiliates have invested more than 25 billion in over 450 directly originated loans, and the platform of our Adviser and its affiliates has the capacity to invest in large deals and to solely underwrite transactions. 
 Focus on Quality Companies and Extensive Diligence. Our Adviser seeks to maintain a conservative approach to investing with discipline around fundamental credit analysis and downside protection. Our Adviser intends to focus on companies with resilient business models, strong underlying fundamentals, significant asset or enterprise value and seasoned management teams, although not all portfolio companies will meet each of these criteria. Our Adviser intends to leverage its deep credit and deal structuring expertise to lend to companies that have unique needs, complex business models or specific business challenges. Our Adviser conducts diligence on underlying collateral value, including cash flows, hard assets or intellectual property, and will typically model exit scenarios as part of the diligence process, including assessing potential work-out scenarios. 
 Disciplined Portfolio Management. Our Adviser monitors our portfolio on an ongoing basis to manage risk and take preemptive action to resolve potential problems where possible. Our Adviser intends to seek to reduce the impact of individual investment risks by diversifying portfolios across industry sectors and limiting positions to no more than 5 of our portfolio. 
 Manage Risk Through Loan Structures. Our Adviser seeks to leverage its experience in identifying structural risks in prospective portfolio companies and developing customized solutions to enhance downside protection where possible. Our Adviser has the expertise to structure comprehensive, flexible and customized solutions for companies of all sizes across numerous industry sectors. Our Adviser employs a rigorous due diligence process and seeks to include 
 3 

covenant protections designed to ensure that we, as the lender, can negotiate with a portfolio company before a debt investment reaches impairment. The platform of our Adviser and its affiliates can address a wide range of borrower needs, with capability to invest across the capital structure and to fund large loans, and our Adviser pays close attention to market trends. Our Adviser provides certainty to borrowers by seeking to provide fully underwritten financing commitments and has expertise in both performing credit as well as restructuring and turnaround situations, which allowed us to invest and lend throughout the COVID 19 pandemic and during other times of market stress when our competitors may have had to halt or reduce investment activity. 
 Our Adviser s emphasis is on fundamental credit analysis, consistency and downside protection, all of which are key tenets of its investment philosophy and important in times of market dislocation, including during the COVID 19 pandemic. We believe this philosophy strongly aligns with the interests of our stockholders. Our Adviser controls primarily for risk, rather than return. Although this may lead us to underperform in bullish markets, we expect that prudence across the economic cycle and limiting losses will allow us to achieve our investment objectives. 
 Investment Philosophy and Approach 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to achieve our investment objective without subjecting principal to undue risk of loss by lending to and investing in the debt of public and private companies, primarily in situations where a company or its owners are (a) overleveraged or facing pressures to recapitalize, (b) unable to access broadly syndicated capital markets, (c) undervalued after having recently exited bankruptcy, completed a restructuring or are in a cyclically out-of-favor industry or (d) otherwise affected by mispricings or inefficiencies in the capital markets or at different points throughout the credit cycle. 
 We seek to invest opportunistically across asset classes and geographies and expect most of our investments to be in securities of eligible portfolio companies, in the form of senior loans, and to a lesser extent, high yield bonds, where such companies may be in need of direct loans, rescue financings or other capital solutions or that may have had challenged or unsuccessful primary offerings. As of September 30, 2021, the fair value of our investment portfolio was 575.4 million and was comprised of investments in 108 portfolio companies. At fair value as of September 30, 2021, 97.3 of our portfolio consisted of senior secured loans, including 83.5 of first lien loans and 13.8 of second lien loans, and 0.7 of our portfolio consisted of unsecured debt investments. 
 When we make a debt investment, we may also be granted equity, such as warrants to purchase common stock in a portfolio company. To a lesser extent, we may also make preferred and or common equity investments, which are usually in conjunction with a concurrent debt investment or the result of an investment restructuring. For non-control equity investments, we generally seek to structure our non-control equity investments to provide us with minority rights protections and event-driven put rights. We also seek to obtain limited registration rights in connection with these investments, which may include piggyback registration rights. At fair value as of September 30, 2021, 2.0 of our portfolio consisted of common equity, preferred equity and warrants. 
 Since we intend to be an opportunistic investment vehicle, the composition of our portfolio will change with market conditions. We may invest across the capital structure, in both liquid and illiquid securities and obligations, which the Investment Professionals believe should allow us to access attractive risk-reward opportunities as they arise. 
 Identification of Investment Opportunities 
 Our primary focus is on identifying differentiated private lending opportunities, with a secondary emphasis on identifying opportunities in the public markets. 
 Private Lending Opportunities. We believe that the market for lending to private companies is underserved and presents a compelling investment opportunity. We intend to focus on private lending opportunities in the following key areas 
 
 Situational Lending. Certain businesses may present challenges for traditional lenders to understand or value, thus presenting attractive lending opportunities for the Company. Prospective borrowers with little-to-no revenue or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, may be unable to secure financing from traditional lenders. In these instances, a debt-to-EBITDA approach may not be appropriate, instead requiring a value-oriented approach that involves targeting low loan-to-value ratios and negotiating bespoke covenants, contingencies and terms that help mitigate business-specific risks. Examples of these opportunities may include life sciences companies that have revenue-generating drugs and hard assets, but reinvest that capital into research and development for promising new products. 
 
 4 

Sponsor-Related Financings. Financing for portfolio companies backed by private equity firms is one the most active areas of opportunity, including those opportunities related to leveraged buyouts and refinancings. The Investment Professionals have many longstanding relationships with established, reputable sponsors, and generally favor sponsors that view their portfolio companies as long-term partners and those that specialize in certain industries where they have significant subject matter expertise. In addition, the Investment Professionals have historically favored borrowers backed by sponsors that have demonstrated a willingness to invest large amounts of equity, which provides enhanced downside credit protection. Examples of these opportunities may include financings for software- or healthcare-focused borrowers backed by private equity firms. 
 
 Stressed Sector Rescue Lending . Individual businesses or sectors experiencing stress or reduced access to capital, which can create attractive private lending opportunities. Broad market weakness or sector-specific issues can constrain borrowers access to capital. Further, certain factors such as regulation may cause entire industries (e.g., energy) to be rebuffed by more traditional lenders (e.g., commercial banks) such that all borrowers in an industry lose access to capital, regardless of their individual financial condition. Often times, by sifting through an industry issuer-by-issuer, the Investment Professionals can identify attractive investment opportunities that are over-secured by valuable assets. Examples of these opportunities may include debtor-in-possession loans or loans to companies in sectors severely impacted by COVID-19, such as entertainment, real estate and travel. 
 
 Opportunities in Public Markets. Certain factors may also create opportunities for us in the public market and allow us to leverage Oaktree s broader credit platform and decades of credit investing experience. These factors may include 
 
 Macro Factors. Macro factors that drive market dislocations can ripple through the global economy and include sovereign debt crises, political elections, global pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and other unexpected geopolitical events. These factors drive highly correlated risk on and risk off market swings and frequently result in the indiscriminate selling of securities and obligations at prices that the Investment Professionals believe are well below their intrinsic values. 
 
 Industry Headwinds . Select industries may face secular challenges or may fall out of favor due to a variety of factors such as evolving technology or regulation. These headwinds can cause the debt of healthy and unhealthy companies alike to trade lower, potentially allowing the Investment Professionals to identify mispriced opportunities. 
 
 Company Characteristics. Company-specific factors that drive market dislocations include overleveraged balance sheets, near-term liquidity or maturity issues, secular pressures, acute shock to company operations, asset-light businesses and new or relatively small issuers. These factors may result in mispriced securities or require a highly structured direct loan. 
 Investment Criteria and Guidelines 
 Once the Investment Professionals have identified a potential investment opportunity, they will evaluate the opportunity against the following investment criteria and guidelines. However, not all of these criteria will be met by each prospective portfolio company in which we invest. 
 Covenant Protections. We generally expect to invest in loans that have covenants that may help to minimize our risk of capital loss and meaningful equity investments in the portfolio company. We intend to target investments that have strong credit protections, including default penalties, information rights and affirmative, negative and financial covenants, such as limitations on debt incurrence, lien protection and prohibitions on dividends. 
 Sustainable Cash Flow. Our investment philosophy places emphasis on fundamental analysis from an investor s perspective and has a distinct value orientation. We intend to focus on companies with significant asset or enterprise value in which we can invest at relatively low multiples of normalized operating cash flow. Additionally, we anticipate investing in companies with a demonstrated ability or credible plan to de-lever. Typically, we will not invest in start-up companies, companies having speculative business plans or structures that could impair capital over the long-term although we may target certain earlier stage companies that have yet to reach profitability. 
 Experienced Management Team. We generally will look to invest in portfolio companies with an experienced management team and proper incentive arrangements, including equity compensation, to induce management to succeed and to act in concert with our interests as investors. 
 Strong Relative Position in Its Market. We intend to target companies with what we believe to be established and leading market positions within their respective markets and well-developed long-term business strategies. 
 5 

Exit Strategy. We generally intend to invest in companies that we believe will provide us with the opportunity to exit our investments in three to eight years, including through (1) the repayment of the remaining principal outstanding at maturity, (2) the recapitalization of the company resulting in our debt investments being repaid and (3) the sale of the company resulting in the repayment of all of its outstanding debt. 
 Geography. As a BDC, we will invest at least 70 of our total assets in U.S. companies. To the extent we invest in non-U.S. companies, we intend to do so in accordance with Investment Company Act limitations and only in jurisdictions with established legal frameworks and a history of respecting creditor rights. 
 Investment Process 
 Our investment process consists of the following five distinct stages. 
 Source 
 The Strategic Credit group has dedicated sourcing professionals and also leverages its strong market presences and relationships across the global platform of our Adviser and its affiliates to gain access to opportunities from advisers, sponsors, banks, management teams, capital raising advisers and other sources. Our Adviser is a trusted partner to financial sponsors and management teams based on its long-term commitment and focus on lending across economic cycles. We believe this gives us access to proprietary deal flow and first looks at investment opportunities and that we are well-positioned for difficult and complex transactions. 
 Screen Using Investment Criteria 
 We are highly selective in making new investments. The initial screening process typically includes a review of the proposed capital structure of the prospective portfolio company, including level of assets or enterprise value coverage, an assessment by our Adviser of the company s management team and its equity ownership levels as well as the viability of its long-term business model, and a review of forecasted financial statements and liquidity profile. In addition, our Adviser may assess the prospect of industry or macroeconomic catalysts that may create enhanced value in the investment as well as the potential ability to enforce creditor rights, particularly where collateral is located outside of the United States. 
 Research 
 Prior to making any new investment, our Adviser seeks to engage in an extensive due diligence process led by investment analysts assigned to each transaction. The analysts assess a company s management team, products, services, competitive position in its markets, barriers to entry and operating and financial performance, as well as the growth potential of its markets. In performing this evaluation, the analysts may use financial, descriptive and other due diligence materials provided by the prospective portfolio company, commissioned third party reports and internal sources, including members of the investment team, industry participants and experts with whom our Adviser has relationships. As part of the research process, our Adviser s analysts typically perform a what-if analysis that explores a range of values for each proposed investment and a range of potential credit events. 
 Evaluate 
 Our Adviser assesses each potential investment through a rigorous, collaborative decision-making process. Our Adviser applies disciplined investment criteria and evaluates potential risk and reward of each investment with significant focus on downside risk. Our Adviser sizes investments at the portfolio level across a variety of characteristics, including based on the investment criteria described above. 
 Monitor 
 Our Adviser prioritizes managing risk. In managing our portfolio, our Adviser monitors each portfolio company to be well-positioned to make hold and exit decisions when credit events occur, our collateral becomes overvalued or opportunities with more attractive risk reward profiles are identified. Investment analysts are assigned to each investment to monitor industry developments, review company financial statements, attend company presentations and regularly speak with company management. Based on their monitoring, the Investment Professionals seek to determine the optimal time and strategy for exiting and maximizing the return on the investment, typically when prices or yields reach target valuations. In circumstances where a particular investment is underperforming, our Adviser intends to employ a variety of strategies to maximize its recovery based on the specific facts and circumstances of the underperforming investment, including actively working with the management to restructure all or a portion of the business, explore the possibility of a sale or merger of all or a portion of the 
 6 

assets, recapitalize or refinance the balance sheet, negotiate deferrals or other concessions from existing creditors and arrange new liquidity or new equity contributions. We believe that our Adviser s experience with restructurings and our access to our Adviser s deep knowledge, expertise and contacts in the distressed debt area will help us preserve the value of our investments. 
 In addition, throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, our Adviser has remained in close contact with many of our portfolio companies to understand their liquidity and solvency positions and changes thereto. We believe that these efforts to closely monitor and identify vulnerable investments have allowed us to address potential problems early and provide constructive solutions to our portfolio companies. 
 Valuation Procedures 
 We generally invest in debt securities issued by private middle-market companies. We are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors, with the assistance of our audit committee and the Adviser. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Investment Valuation for a description of our investment valuation processes and procedures. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 From July 9, 2018 through May 11, 2020, we were externally managed by OCM pursuant to an investment advisory agreement. On May 11, 2020, OCM effected the novation of such investment advisory agreement to our Adviser. Immediately following such novation, we and our Adviser entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the same terms, including fee structure, as the investment advisory agreement with OCM. 
 Certain of the Investment Professionals of our Adviser and its affiliates may have indirect ownership and pecuniary interests. In addition, our Adviser, its affiliates, the Investment Professionals, our executive officers and directors, and other current and future principals of our Adviser serve or may serve as investment advisers, officers, directors or principals of entities or investment funds that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do and or investment funds, accounts and other similar arrangements advised by Oaktree. An affiliated investment fund, account or other similar arrangement currently formed or formed in the future and managed by our Adviser or its affiliates may have investment objectives and strategies that overlap with ours and, accordingly, may invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by us. As a result, our Adviser and or its affiliates may face conflicts of interest arising out of the investment advisory activities of our Adviser and other operations of Oaktree. See Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interest below. 
 Our Adviser will not assume any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in, and on the terms of, the Investment Advisory Agreement, and will not be responsible for any action of our board of directors in declining to follow the advice or recommendations of our Adviser. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Adviser (and its members (and their partners or members, including the owners of their partners or members), managers, officers, employees, agents, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with it) will not be liable to us for any action taken or omitted to be taken by our Adviser in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our adviser (except to the extent specified in Section 36(b) of the Investment Company Act concerning loss resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation for services). Absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of our Adviser s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of our Adviser s duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we will provide indemnification from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by those described above in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or our security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of our Adviser s duties or obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our adviser. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, we are obligated to pay our Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee (each as defined below). All Investment Professionals of the Adviser and certain of its affiliates who provide investment advisory services to us will be compensated by the Adviser or such affiliates, as described below. 
 Management Fee 
 Prior to (i) the listing of our Common Stock on a national securities exchange or (ii) an initial public offering of our Common Stock that results in gross proceeds to us of at least 50 million and a listing of the Common Stock on a national securities exchange (each of (i) and (ii), a Qualified Listing ), if any, our Adviser is entitled to receive quarterly in arrears a management fee (the Management Fee equal to 1.00 per annum (the Applicable Management Fee Percentage of our 
 7 

Gross Asset Value (as defined below) provided, that prior to a Qualified Listing, the Management Fee will not exceed 1.75 per annum of the Unleveraged Asset Value (as defined below). From and after the date of a Qualified Listing, if any, the Applicable Management Fee Percentage will increase to 1.50 per annum of our Gross Asset Value. 
 For purposes of calculating the Management Fee, the Gross Asset Value is determined by our board of directors (including any committee thereof). Until August 6, 2019, the Management Fee for each quarter was calculated based on our average Gross Asset Value at the end of each month during such calendar quarter (prior to taking into account any Incentive Fee) provided, that the Management Fee for our first calendar quarter was calculated based on our Gross Asset Value at the end of such calendar quarter (prior to taking into account any Incentive Fee). Following August 6, 2019, the Management Fee for each quarter is calculated based on our average Gross Asset Value at the end of such quarter and at the end of the preceding quarter (in each case, prior to taking into account any Incentive Fee) provided, that the Management Fee for the calendar quarter in which we consummate a Qualified Listing will be calculated based on our Gross Asset Value at the end of such calendar quarter (prior to taking into account any Incentive Fee). The Unleveraged Asset Value is determined in a manner consistent with the determination of Gross Asset Value. 
 The term Gross Asset Value means the value of our gross assets, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), including portfolio investments purchased with borrowed funds and other forms of leverage, but excluding cash and cash equivalents. 
 The term Unleveraged Asset Value means the Gross Asset Value less our borrowings for investment purposes determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (other than borrowings under our investor subscription credit facility that are repaid within 180 days following incurrence). 
 Incentive Fee 
 The Incentive Fee consists of two parts the Investment Income Incentive Fee and the Capital Gains Incentive Fee (each defined below). 
 Investment Income Incentive Fee 
 The Investment Income Incentive Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, which means consolidated interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the Management Fee, Company expenses and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt, but excluding the Incentive Fee). The Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that has not yet been received in cash. (See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Investments Our investments may include OID instruments, which involve a number of significant risks ). For the avoidance of doubt, the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle of 1.50 per quarter (6 annualized) (the Hurdle Rate ). We are obligated to pay our Adviser an Investment Income Incentive Fee each quarter as follows 
 
 (a) Hurdle Rate Return No Investment Income Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the Hurdle Rate 
 (b) Catch-Up 100 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Rate but is less than a 1.875 (7.5 annualized) rate of return on the value of our net assets in such calendar quarter (the Catch-Up ), which is intended to provide our Adviser with 20 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if the Hurdle Rate did not apply, if the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the Hurdle Rate in such calendar quarter and 
 (c) 80 20 Split 20 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds a 1.875 (7.5 annualized) rate of return on the value of our net assets in such calendar quarter, so that once the Hurdle Rate is reached and the Catch-Up in (b) immediately above is achieved, 20 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter is allocated to our Adviser. 
 8 

The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income-related portion of the incentive fee 
 
 These calculations are prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. Investors should be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the Hurdle Rate and may result in a substantial increase in the amount of Incentive Fees payable to our Adviser with respect to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income. 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee 
 In addition to the Investment Income Incentive Fee described above, our Adviser is entitled to receive a Capital Gains Incentive Fee (as defined below). The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each year. The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is equal to 20 of the realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from the date of the Initial Closing through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Incentive Fee with respect to each of the investments in our portfolio, provided that the Capital Gains Incentive Fee determined as of December 31, 2018 was calculated for a period of shorter than 12 calendar months to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation from the date of the Initial Closing through the end of 2018 (the Capital Gains Incentive Fee, and together with the Investment Income Incentive Fee, the Incentive Fee ). 
 
 9 

Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculations 
 The figures provided in the following examples are hypothetical, are presented for illustrative purposes only and are not indicative of actual expenses or returns. 
 Example 1 Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee (1) 
 Alternative 1 - Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) 1.25 . 
 Hurdle Rate (2) 1.50 . 
 Management Fee (3) 0.25 . 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) 0.25 . 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income - (Management Fee + other expenses)) 0.75 . 
 Pre-Incentive Net Investment Income does not exceed Hurdle Rate, therefore there is no Investment Income Incentive Fee. 
 Alternative 2 - Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) 2.30 . 
 Hurdle Rate (2) 1.50 . 
 Management Fee (3) 0.25 . 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) 0.25 . 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income - (Management Fee + other expenses)) 1.80 
 Catch-Up 1.80 - 1.50 0.30 
 Incentive Fee 100 (1.80 - 1.50 0.30 . 
 
 Alternative 3 - Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) 4.00 . 
 Hurdle Rate (2) 1.50 . 
 Management Fee (3) 0.25 . 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) 0.25 . 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income - (Management Fee + other expenses)) 3.50 . 
 Incentive Fee 20 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, subject to Catch-Up (5) . 
 Incentive Fee (100 Catch-Up + (20 (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income - 1.875 )). 
 Catch-Up 1.875 - 1.50 0.375 . 
 Incentive Fee (100 0.375 + (20 (3.50 - 1.875 )) 
 0.375 + (20 1.625 
 0.375 + 0.325 
 0.70 . 
 
 Example 2 Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee 
 Alternative 1 - Assumptions 
 Year 1 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B ). 
 Year 2 Investment A sold for 50 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 32 million. 
 Year 3 FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million. 
 Year 4 Investment B sold for 31 million. 
 
 The Capital Gains Incentive Fee, if any, would be 
 Year 1 None. 
 10 

Year 2 6.0 million Capital Gains Incentive Fee, calculated as follows 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 20 . 
 Year 3 None calculated as follows (6) 5.0 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 25 million 30 million cumulative capital gains less 5 million cumulative unrealized capital depreciation)) less 6.0 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 
 Year 4 200,000 Capital Gains Incentive Fee, calculated as follows 6.2 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 31 million cumulative realized capital gains 30 million from Investment A and 1 million from Investment B)) less 6.0 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 
 
 Alternative 2 - Assumptions 
 Year 1 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C ). 
 Year 2 Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million. 
 Year 3 FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million. 
 Year 4 FMV of Investment B determined to be 35 million. 
 Year 5 Investment B sold for 20 million. 
 
 The Capital Gains Incentive Fee, if any, would be 
 Year 1 None. 
 Year 2 5.0 million Capital Gains Incentive Fee, calculated as follows 20 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A less 5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B). 
 Year 3 1.4 million Capital Gains Incentive Fee, calculated as follows 6.4 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3 million cumulative unrealized capital depreciation)) less 5.0 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 
 Year 4 600,000 capital gains incentive fee, calculated as follows 7.0 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 35 million cumulative realized capital gains) less 6.4 million (previous cumulative capital gains fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3). 
 Year 5 None. 5.0 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 25 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 10 million realized capital losses)) less 7.0 million (previous cumulative capital gains fee paid in Years 2, 3 and 4). 
 _________________ 
 Notes 
 1. The hypothetical amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income shown is expressed as a rate of return as of the beginning and the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. Solely for purposes of these illustrative examples, it has been assumed that we have not incurred any leverage. However, we expect to use leverage to partially finance our investments. 
 2. Represents 6.0 annualized Hurdle Rate. 
 3. Represents 1.00 annualized Management Fee. 
 4. Hypothetical other expenses. Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 
 5. The Catch-Up provision is intended to provide our Adviser with an Incentive Fee of approximately 20 on all of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, as if a Hurdle Rate did not apply, when the net investment income exceeds 1.875 in any calendar quarter. 
 6. If the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated on a date other than December 31 of any year, we may pay aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fees that are more than the amount of such fees that would have been payable if the Investment Advisory Agreement had been terminated on December 31 of such year. This would occur if the FMV of an investment declined between the time the Investment Advisory Agreement was terminated and December 31. 
 
 Administration Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, our Administrator furnishes us with office facilities (certain of which are located in buildings owned by a Brookfield affiliate), equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and recordkeeping services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, our Administrator also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, providing assistance in accounting, legal, compliance, operations, technology and investor relations, and being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, our Administrator assists us in determining and publishing the Net Asset Value (as defined below), overseeing the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally overseeing the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. 
 11 

Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount that reimburses our Administrator for its costs and expenses incurred in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement and providing personnel and facilities. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party, by the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, or by the vote of our directors or by our Administrator. Additionally, we bear all of the costs and expenses of any sub-administration agreements that our Administrator enters into. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the Administration Agreement, our Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it, including without limitation its members, the Adviser and any person affiliated with its members or the Adviser, to the extent they are providing services for or otherwise acting on behalf of the Administrator, Adviser or us) will not be liable to us for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrator in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as administrator for us, and we will indemnify, defend and protect the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation its members, the Adviser and any person affiliated with its members or the Adviser, to the extent they are providing services for or otherwise acting on behalf of the Administrator, Adviser or us) and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, fees, penalties, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by them in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or our security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of our Administrator s duties or obligations under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator. 
 Sub-Administration Agreement 
 The Administrator entered into a Sub-Administration Agreement with State Street (in such capacity, the Sub-Administrator ). Pursuant to the Sub-Administration Agreement, the Sub-Administrator will provide certain administrative and professional services. The principal office of State Street is One Lincoln Street, Boston, MA 02111. State Street also serves as transfer agent and registrar. 
 Expenses 
 All personnel of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by us. We bear all other costs and expenses of our organization, operations, administration and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to (a) all costs, fees, expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with our formation and organization and the offering and sale of the Common Stock, including expenses of registering or qualifying securities held by us for sale and blue sky filing fees (b) diligence and monitoring of our financial, regulatory and legal affairs, and, if necessary, enforcing rights in respect of investments (to the extent an investment opportunity is being considered for us and any other funds or accounts managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, the Adviser s out-of-pocket expenses related to the due diligence for such investment will be shared with such other funds and accounts pro rata based on the anticipated allocation of such investment opportunity between us and the other funds and accounts) (c) the cost of calculating our Net Asset Value (as defined below) (including third-party valuation firms) (d) the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our Common Stock and other securities (e) Management and Incentive Fees payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement (f) fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments (including third-party valuation firms) (g) retainer, finder s, placement, adviser, consultant, custodian, sub-custodian, transfer agent, trustee, disbursal, brokerage, registration, legal and other similar fees, commissions and expenses attributable to making or holding investments (h) fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts (including travel and attendance at investment conferences and similar events) (i) allocable out-of-pocket costs incurred in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it (j) fees, interest and other costs payable on or in connection with any indebtedness (k) federal and state registration fees and other governmental charges (l) any exchange listing fees (m) federal, state and local taxes (n) independent directors fees and expenses (o) brokerage commissions (p) costs of proxy statements, stockholders reports and notices and any other regulatory reporting expenses (q) costs of preparing government filings, including periodic and current reports with the SEC (r) fidelity bond, liability insurance and other insurance premiums (s) printing, mailing, independent accountants and outside legal costs (t) costs of winding up and liquidation (u) litigation, indemnification and other extraordinary or non-recurring expenses (v) dues, fees and charges of any trade association of which we are a member (w) research and software expenses, quotation equipment and services and other expenses incurred in connection with data services, including subscription costs, providing real-time price feeds, real-time news feeds, securities and company information, and company fundamental data attributable to such investments (x) costs and expenses relating to investor reporting and communications (y) all costs, expenses, fees and liabilities incurred in connection with a Liquidity Event (as defined below) (z) all other out-of-pocket expenses, fees and liabilities that are incurred by us or by the Adviser on our 
 12 

behalf or that arise out of our operation and activities, including expenses related to organizing and maintaining persons through or in which investments may be made and the allocable portion of any Adviser costs, including personnel, incurred in connection therewith (aa) accounting expenses, including expenses associated with the preparation of our financial statements and tax information reporting returns and the filing of various tax withholding forms and treaty forms (bb) the allocable portion of the compensation of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs and (cc) all other expenses incurred by the Administrator, any affiliate of the Administrator or the Company in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement to the Administrator or any such affiliate in an amount equal to our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator or such affiliate in performing its obligations and services under the Administration Agreement, such as rent and our allocable portion of the cost of personnel attributable to performing such obligations and services, including, but not limited to, marketing, legal and other services performed by the Administrator or such affiliate for us. For the avoidance of doubt, we bear our allocable portion of the costs of the compensation, benefits, and related administrative expenses (including travel expenses) of our officers who provide operational and administrative services under the Administration Agreement, their respective staffs and other professionals who provide services to us (including, in each case, employees of the Administrator or an affiliate) who assist with the preparation, coordination, and administration of the foregoing or provide other back office or middle office financial or operational services to us. We reimburse the Adviser (or its affiliates) for an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Adviser (or its affiliates) to such individuals (based on a percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business and affairs and to acting on our behalf). 
 Our Net Asset Value as of any date of determination is the value of all of our assets, including accrued interest, dividends and assets purchased with borrowings, less all of our liabilities, including accrued expenses, any reserves established by the Adviser in its discretion for contingent liabilities and any borrowings. The Net Asset Value is determined by our board of directors (including any committee thereof) as and when required under the Investment Company Act. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. We compete for investments with various other investors, such as other public and private funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance companies and to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds, some of which may be our affiliates. Other Oaktree funds have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may create competition for investment opportunities. Many competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that will not be available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we do, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than we do. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act and the Code impose on us. The competitive pressures could impair our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As a result, we are eligible to take advantage of certain specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). As a result, we have taken advantage of the exemption under the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies that allows companies like us to temporarily forgo the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We are an emerging growth company, and we do not know if such status will make our shares less attractive to investors. We do not take advantage of other disclosure or reporting exemptions for emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of an initial public offering, (ii) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of the Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior second fiscal quarter, and (b) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 13 

Staffing 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided through the Administration Agreement and the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Investment Period 
 The investment period commenced on the Initial Closing and will continue until the earlier of the (a) completion of a Liquidity Event (as defined below), and (b) August 6, 2023 (the Investment Period ), unless the Investment Period is earlier terminated in connection with a Key Person Event (as defined below). 
 A Liquidity Event means at the discretion of our board of directors (a) a Qualified Listing or (b) with the consent of a majority of outstanding shares of Common Stock not affiliated with the Adviser and in accordance with the applicable requirements of Delaware law, a corporate control transaction, which may include a strategic sale of the Company or all or substantially all of our assets to, or a merger with, another entity, or another type of corporate control event, which may include, but is not limited to, a transaction with an affiliated entity, including an affiliated BDC, for consideration in cash or publicly listed securities of such entity or a combination of cash and such publicly listed securities (each, a Corporate Control Transaction ). If we do not complete a Liquidity Event on or prior to August 6, 2023, we will cease drawing Capital Commitments from stockholders except for Runoff Activities (as defined below) and distribute to stockholders the net proceeds we have received from all completed investments as they are liquidated. Stockholders will have no right to approve a Liquidity Event, including a merger or other transaction with an affiliate, except as required by applicable law. 
 In connection with the termination of the Investment Period, stockholders will automatically be released from any obligation to fund any undrawn Capital Commitments, except to the extent necessary (a) to fund the Management Fee and our other liabilities and expenses, including the repayment of our indebtedness and expenses expected to be incurred in connection with the wind-down of the Company, (b) to complete investments or funding obligations (including guarantees) that are the subject of a written commitment as of the end of the Investment Period (including investments providing for funding in phases), (c) to make follow-on investments (as defined below) in an aggregate amount not to exceed 20 of total Capital Commitments or undrawn Capital Commitments, whichever is less, (d) to fulfill obligations with respect to any purchase price due from an investor on a drawdown date that such investor fails to pay, or (e) as necessary for us to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including the Investment Company Act and the Code (collectively, Runoff Activities ). Follow-on investments are investments, in respect of any portfolio company in which we have previously invested or in entities whose business is related to or complementary to that of an existing portfolio company, that the Adviser determines are appropriate or necessary for us to invest in for the purpose of preserving, protecting or enhancing the value of such prior investments. 
 Key Person Event 
 A key person event will occur if, during the Investment Period, Armen Panossian or his Qualified Replacement (as defined below, each a Key Executive fails to remain actively involved in our investment activities (a Key Person Event ). In the event of a Key Person Event, we will send written notice to stockholders within ten business days following such occurrence and the Investment Period will automatically be suspended (the Suspension Period until the appointment of a Qualified Replacement or the reinstatement of the Investment Period by the directors, as described below, after which, in either case, the Suspension Period will terminate and the Investment Period will be reinstated. During the Suspension Period, stockholders will not be obligated to pay amounts due under drawdown notices that we may issue other than in respect of Runoff Activities. If during the 60-day period following the sending of written notice (the Notice Period ), the Key Executive has not been replaced by a Qualified Replacement, we will convene a meeting of our directors who are not interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) to be held not more than 30 calendar days following the expiration of the Notice Period for the purpose of determining whether the Investment Period will be continued. If a majority of such directors do not vote to approve the continuation of the Investment Period, then the Investment Period will terminate and the stockholders will thereafter be obligated to pay amounts due under drawdown notices that we may issue for Runoff Activities. For the avoidance of doubt, following the termination of the Investment Period pursuant to the foregoing, any unused Capital Commitment (other than any defaulted Capital Commitment) will automatically be reduced to zero, except to the extent necessary to pay amounts due under drawdown notices we may thereafter issue for Runoff Activities. 
 Qualified Replacement means a senior investment professional selected by the Adviser provided that such replacement has been approved by either (a) a majority of the directors who are not interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) or (b) the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, and upon either such approval, such nominee will constitute a Qualified Replacement. 
 14 

Company Term 
 Our term is perpetual. At the end of the Investment Period, if a Liquidity Event has not yet occurred, our board of directors (subject to any necessary stockholder approvals and applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act) will use its best efforts to wind down and or liquidate and dissolve the Company (subject to our right to engage in Runoff Activities as described in Investment Period above) (the Liquidation Period ). 
 Our board of directors may elect to dissolve and wind up the Company earlier if we have disposed of all of our assets. 
 Transfer of Our Common Stock 
 Prior to a Liquidity Event, stockholders generally may not sell, assign, transfer, grant a security interest over or otherwise dispose of their Common Stock or their Capital Commitment Transfer unless (a) we (and, if required by our lending arrangements, our lenders) give consent, (b) the Transfer is made in accordance with applicable securities laws and (c) the Transfer otherwise complies with the restrictions in the Subscription Agreement. 
 In addition, pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, following a Qualified Listing, investors will also be restricted from selling or disposing of their Common Stock for a period of time specified in the Subscription Agreement. More specifically, the Subscription Agreement provides that, following a Qualified Listing and continuing to and including the second anniversary of the completion of the Qualified Listing, a Stockholder may not Transfer its Common Stock or announce an intention to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Stockholder may, without any further action on our part (but subject to any underwriters lock-up or other contractual restriction the Stockholder may be or become a party to), beginning on the date that is 180 calendar days after the Qualified Listing, Transfer Common Stock in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act (pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise), provided that the number of shares of Common Stock so Transferred (a) may not exceed 25 of the Stockholder s shares of Common Stock owned as of the completion of the Qualified Listing prior to 365 days after the completion of the Qualified Listing, (b) may not exceed 50 of the Stockholder s shares of Common Stock owned as of the completion of the Qualified Listing prior to 540 days after the completion of the Qualified Listing, and (c) may not exceed 75 of the Stockholder s shares of Common Stock owned as of the completion of the Qualified Listing prior to 720 days after the completion of the Qualified Listing and provided , further , that any Common Stock owned by the Stockholder as of the completion of the Qualified Listing not previously Transferred may be Transferred commencing 720 days after the completion of the Qualified Listing. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
 Our executive officers and directors, and certain members of our Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by our Adviser s affiliates. For example, Oaktree presently serves as the investment adviser to Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation OCSL ), which is a publicly traded business development company. OCSL has historically invested in debt and debt-like instruments similar to those we target for investment. Therefore, there may be certain investment opportunities that satisfy our investment criteria and that of OCSL as well as private investment funds and accounts advised or sub-advised by Oaktree or its affiliates. OCSL operates as a distinct and separate entity, and any investment in the Common Stock will not be an investment in OCSL. In addition, all of our executive officers serve in substantially similar capacities for OCSL. Accordingly, our executive officers may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in our best interests or the best interests of our stockholders. For example, the personnel of the Adviser may face conflicts of interest in the allocation of investment opportunities to us and OCSL. 
 Oaktree has investment allocation guidelines that govern the allocation of investment opportunities among us and the other investment funds and accounts managed or sub-advised by Oaktree and its affiliates (collectively, the Other Oaktree Funds ). To the extent an investment opportunity is appropriate for us and any of the Other Oaktree Funds, Oaktree will adhere to its investment allocation guidelines in order to determine a fair and equitable allocation. 
 We invest alongside the Other Oaktree Funds in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, we may invest alongside such Other Oaktree Funds consistent with guidance promulgated by the staff of the SEC permitting us and such Other Oaktree Funds to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that our Adviser, acting on our behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price or terms related to price. 
 15 

In addition, on October 18, 2017, OCM received exemptive relief from the SEC to allow certain managed funds and accounts, each of whose investment adviser is OCM or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with OCM, to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions where doing so is consistent with the applicable registered fund s or BDC s investment objective and strategies as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions of the exemptive relief (the Exemptive Relief ). Each potential co-investment opportunity that falls under the terms of the Exemptive Relief and is appropriate for us and any affiliated fund or account, and satisfies the then-current board-established criteria, will be offered to us and such other eligible funds and accounts. If there is a sufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated among the participants in accordance with their proposed order size, and if there is an insufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated pro rata based on the investment proposed by the applicable investment adviser to such participant, up to the amount proposed to be invested by each, which is reviewed and approved by an independent committee of legal, compliance and accounting professionals at our Adviser. On December 15, 2020, we, with our Adviser and certain other affiliates, received a modified exemptive order that allows Oaktree proprietary accounts to participate in co-investment transactions subject to certain conditions. 
 Although Oaktree will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, we and our stockholders could be adversely affected to the extent investment opportunities are allocated among us and the Other Oaktree Funds. We might not participate in each individual opportunity, but will, on an overall basis, be entitled to participate equitably with other entities managed by Oaktree and its affiliates. Oaktree is committed to treating all clients fairly and equitably over time such that none receive preferential treatment vis- -vis the others over time, in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duty to each of them, however, in some instances, especially in instances of limited liquidity, the factors may not result in pro rata allocations or may result in situations where certain funds or accounts receive allocations where others do not. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Adviser s liability is limited and we are required to indemnify our Adviser against certain liabilities. This may lead our Adviser to act in a riskier manner in performing its duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement than it would if it were acting for its own account, and creates a potential conflict of interest. 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, our Administrator furnishes us with the facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. We pay the Administrator its allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. This arrangement creates conflicts of interest that our board of directors must monitor. 
 Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to operate in a manner so as to continuously qualify annually, as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to our stockholders as dividends. Instead, dividends we distribute (or are deemed to distributed) generally will be taxable to stockholders, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and most other tax attributes generally will not pass through to stockholders. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment we must distribute to our stockholders, for each tax year, at least 90 of the Company s investment company taxable income for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
 If we 
 qualify as a RIC and 
 satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement 
 
 then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) we distribute to stockholders. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax, in preceding years. 
 16 

In order to maintain our qualification as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things 
 at all times during each tax year, have in effect an election to be treated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act 
 
 derive in each tax year at least 90 of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities (including loans), gains from the sale of stock or other securities or currencies, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and (b) net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (the 90 Gross Income Test and 
 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the tax year 
 
 (i) at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of its assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer and 
 
 (ii) no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in a the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, b the securities of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or c the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (i) and (ii) collectively, the Diversification Tests ). 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with increasing interest rates or debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same tax year. Because any OID accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 We may have difficulty satisfying the diversification requirements as we liquidate our portfolio following the Investment Period, given that we will not be making additional investments. Though we generally will not lose our status as a RIC as long as we do not acquire any non-qualifying securities or other property, under certain circumstances we may be deemed to have made an acquisition of non-qualifying securities or other property. 
 Because we use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the Investment Company Act described above and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources or are otherwise limited in our ability to make distributions, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things (a) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions (b) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income (c) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited) (d) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash (e) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur (f) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions or (g) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Gross Income Test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 
 If, in any particular tax year, we do not qualify as a RIC, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to stockholders, and distributions will be taxable to the stockholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. 
 Certain BDC Regulatory Considerations 
 We have elected to be a BDC under the Investment Company Act and to be taxed as a RIC. As with other companies regulated by the Investment Company Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. The Investment Company Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. 
 17 

The Investment Company Act further requires that a majority of our directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act. In addition, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the Investment Company Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company are defined under the Investment Company Act as the lesser of (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, and (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our Common Stock at a price below Net Asset Value per share. We may, however, sell our Common Stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our Common Stock, at a price below the then-current Net Asset Value of our Common Stock if the following conditions, among others, are satisfied (i) a majority of our stockholders and a majority of our stockholders that are not our affiliates approve such sales within one year immediately prior to such sales and (ii) a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of the Company as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act and a majority of our directors who have no financial interest in the transaction determine that such sales are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. We may also make rights offerings to our stockholders at prices per share less than the net asset value per share, subject to applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 Investment Restrictions 
 We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. Under such limits, except for registered money market funds, we generally cannot invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies ordinarily will subject stockholders to additional indirect expenses. None of the policies described above are fundamental and each such policy may be changed without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the Investment Company Act. Our investment portfolio is also subject to certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements by virtue of its status to be a RIC for U.S. tax purposes. See Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company above for more information. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the Investment Company Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act, which are referred to as Qualifying Assets, unless at the time the acquisition is made, Qualifying Assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of Qualifying Assets relevant to our business are the following 
 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the Investment Company Act as any issuer which 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the Investment Company Act and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following 
 i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange 
 ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million 
 iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company or 
 18 

iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 
 (2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 
 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 (4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized under the laws of, and have its principal place of business in, any state or states within the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as Qualifying Assets for the purpose of the 70 test, a BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance. However, when a BDC purchases securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance includes any arrangement whereby a BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of Qualifying Assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment (collectively, temporary investments so that 70 of our assets are Qualifying Assets. We may also invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as the Company, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Indebtedness and Senior Securities 
 Consistent with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our Common Stock if we meet an asset coverage ratio, as calculated as provided in the Investment Company Act, of at least 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we may be prohibited from making distributions to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We would also be permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for generally up to 60 days for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. 
 Other 
 We are subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the Investment Company Act. 
 19 

We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or the stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We and our Adviser are required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the U.S. federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a joint code of ethics with OCSL pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. We hereby undertake to provide a copy of this code to any person, without charge, upon request. Requests for a copy of this code may be made in writing addressed to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our Adviser. The proxy voting policies and procedures of our Adviser are set forth below. These guidelines are reviewed periodically by our Adviser and our independent directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, our Adviser recognizes that it must vote portfolio securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Our Adviser will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities, if any, in what it perceives to be the best interest of our stockholders. Our Adviser will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a shareholder vote to determine its impact on portfolio securities held by us. Although our Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there are compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Our Adviser s proxy voting decisions will be made by officers who are responsible for monitoring each of our investments. To ensure that the vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, our Adviser will require that (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to the Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how our Adviser intends to vote on a proposal, in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Stockholders may obtain information regarding how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., c o Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., 333 South Grand Avenue 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 Privacy Principles 
 We endeavor to maintain the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguard their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help stockholders understand what non-public personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share that information with select other parties. 
 We may collect non-public personal information about stockholders from our subscription agreements or other forms, such as name, address, account number and the types and amounts of investments, and information about transactions with us or our affiliates, such as participation in other investment programs, ownership of certain types of accounts or other account data and activity. We may disclose the non-public personal information that we collect from our stockholders or former stockholders, as described above, to our affiliates and service providers and as allowed by applicable law or regulation. Any party that receives this information from us is permitted to use it only for the services required by us and as allowed by applicable law or regulation, and is not permitted to share or use this information for any other purpose. We permit access only by authorized personnel who need access to that non-public personal information to provide services to us and the stockholders. 
 20 

We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards for non-public personal information that are designed to comply with applicable law. 
 Reporting Obligations 
 We file with the SEC annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. 
 We do not maintain a website and therefore do not make available through a website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, reports on Forms 3 and 4 regarding directors, officers or 10 beneficial owners of us, filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other reports we file with the SEC. We will provide, however, electronic or paper copies of our filings free of charge upon request to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., 333 South Grand Avenue 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC such as the Company. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports 
 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management is required to prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and (starting from the date on which we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and have become an accelerated filer under the Exchange Act) must obtain an audit performed by our independent registered public accounting firm of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Foregoing the attestation requirement may increase the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected and 
 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to material weaknesses. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

21 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a number of significant risks. In addition to the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the following information before making an investment in our securities. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us might also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, our Net Asset Value and the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. The risk factors described below are the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us as well as those factors generally associated with an investment company with investment objectives, investment policies, capital structure or trading markets similar to ours. 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us 
 
 Our current and future investments in distressed or bankrupt companies are subject to significant risks We have acquired, and may in the future opportunistically acquire the securities and obligations of distressed companies, including opportunistic acquisitions during the COVID-19 pandemic. These investments in distressed companies are subject to significant risks, including lack of income, extraordinary expenses, uncertainty with respect to satisfaction of debt, lower-than-expected investment values or income potentials and resale restrictions. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related government actions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and those of our portfolio companies Global economic, political and market conditions, including those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected (and in the future, could further adversely affect) our business, results of operations and financial condition and those of our portfolio companies. 
 
 Uncertainty regarding LIBOR may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition Changes in interest rates, changes in the method for determining the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and the eventual replacement of LIBOR may adversely affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or parts of our investments Middle-market companies in which we primarily invest, as compared with larger companies, may have more limited financial resources, less predictable operating results, greater exposure to economic downturns and limited operating histories, and, for many of our investments, the portfolio companies are highly leveraged and there is little or no publicly available information about them, and our investments in such companies are not rated by any rating agency. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities We may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities as a result of competition with other investors. 
 
 A significant portion of our portfolio securities do not have a readily available market price and, as a result, valuations of our portfolio involve uncertainties and subjective determinations Our portfolio securities typically do not have a readily available market price and, in such a case, we value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith under procedures adopted by our board of directors, with the assistance of our audit committee and our Adviser, which valuation is inherently subjective and may not reflect what we may actually realize from the sale of the investment. 
 
 We are dependent upon our Adviser for future success Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends in substantial part on the management, skill and acumen of our Adviser. If our Adviser were to lose key personnel or were to resign, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly impeded. 
 
 Our Adviser may face conflicts of interest Conflicts of interest may exist from time to time between our Adviser and certain of its affiliates involved with us, which could impact our investment returns. 
 
 We are subject to substantial regulation Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial conditions or results of operations We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested, and each of our investments is pledged as collateral under one or more of our credit facilities, which may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 
 Global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability Economic recessions or downturns, changes in regulations or regulatory interpretations thereof, transitions of government, and uncertainty regarding any of the 
 22 

foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could impair the ability of our portfolio companies to repay debt or pay interest. 
 
 Risks Relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 Global economic, political and market conditions caused by the COVID-19 public health crisis have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and those of our portfolio companies. 
 
 There continues to be an outbreak of COVID-19, which the World Health Organization declared in March 2020 to constitute a pandemic. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in numerous deaths, adversely impacted global commercial activity and contributed to significant volatility in certain equity and debt markets. The global impact of the outbreak continues to evolve, and at various points during the pandemic many countries have reacted by instituting quarantines, prohibitions on travel and the closure of offices, businesses, schools, retail stores and other public venues for unknown durations. Businesses have also implemented precautionary measures. The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. While several countries, including the U.S., have eased certain travel restrictions, business closures and social distancing measures, the U.S. and global economies continue to experience economic uncertainty, particularly due to recurring COVID-19 outbreaks, vaccine hesitancy and potential re-imposition of certain restrictions or lockdowns. 
 
 Any disruptions in the capital markets, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, may increase the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities and can result in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial sector and re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated market. These and any other unfavorable economic conditions created by COVID-19 and related restrictions and closures could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets and result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. During the spring of 2020, the occurrence of these events negatively impacted the fair value of the investments that we held, and if they were to occur again in the future, could limit our investment originations (including as a result of the investment professionals of our Adviser diverting their time to the restructuring of certain investments), negatively impact our operating results and limit our ability to grow. In addition, our success depends in substantial part on the management, skill and acumen of our Adviser, whose operations may be adversely impacted, including through quarantine measures and travel restrictions imposed on its investment professionals, service providers, or any related health issues of such investment professionals, service providers, or their families. 
 
 In addition, COVID-19 related restrictions, closures and related market conditions (including impacts on supply chains and consumer demand) resulted in and in the future, could further result in, certain of our portfolio companies halting or significantly curtailing operations. The financial results of middle-market companies in which we primarily invest, have experienced deterioration, which could ultimately lead to difficulty in meeting debt service requirements and an increase in defaults, and further deterioration will further depress the outlook for middle-market companies. Further, adverse economic conditions have decreased and may in the future decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Such conditions have required and may in the future require us to modify the payment terms of our investments, including changes in PIK interest provisions and or cash interest rates. The performance of certain of our portfolio companies has been, and in the future may be, negatively impacted by these economic or other conditions, which can result in our receipt of reduced interest income from our portfolio companies and or realized and unrealized losses related to our investments, and, in turn, may adversely affect distributable income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, as governments continue to ease COVID-19 related restrictions and impose certain COVID-19 mitigation measures, certain of our portfolio companies may experience increases in health and safety expenses, payroll costs and other operating expenses. 
 
 As the potential long-term impact of COVID-19 remains difficult to predict, the extent to which COVID-19 could negatively affect our and our portfolio companies operating results or the duration or reoccurrence of any potential business or supply-chain disruption is uncertain. Any potential impact to our results of operations will depend to a large extent on future developments regarding the duration and severity of COVID-19 and the actions taken by governments (including stimulus measures or the lack thereof) and their citizens to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, all of which are beyond our control. We monitor developments in economic, political and market conditions and seek to manage our investments in a manner consistent with achieving our investment objective, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 
 
 23 

We have acquired, and may in the future opportunistically acquire the securities and obligations of distressed companies, including opportunistic acquisitions made during the COVID-19 pandemic. These investments in distressed or bankrupt companies are subject to significant risks, including lack of income, extraordinary expenses, uncertainty with respect to satisfaction of debt, lower-than-expected investment values or income potentials and resale restrictions. 
 
 We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, the securities and other obligations of distressed or bankrupt companies, 
 including opportunistic acquisitions during the COVID-19 pandemic. At times, distressed debt obligations may not produce income and may require us to bear certain extraordinary expenses (including legal, accounting, valuation and transaction expenses) in order to protect and recover our investment. Therefore, when we invest in distressed debt, our ability to achieve current income for our stockholders may be diminished, particularly where the portfolio company has negative earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). 
 
 We also are subject to significant uncertainty as to when, in what manner and for what value the distressed debt we acquire will eventually be satisfied whether through a refinancing, restructuring, liquidation, an exchange offer or plan of reorganization involving the distressed debt securities or a payment of some amount in satisfaction of the obligation. In addition, even if an exchange offer is made or plan of reorganization is adopted with respect to distressed debt held by us, there can be no assurance that the securities or other assets received by us in connection with such exchange offer or plan of reorganization will not have a lower value or income potential than may have been anticipated when the investment was made. 
 
 Moreover, any securities received by us upon completion of an exchange offer or plan of reorganization may be restricted as to resale. As a result of our participation in negotiations with respect to any exchange offer or plan of reorganization with respect to an issuer of distressed debt, we may be restricted from disposing of such securities. 
 Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 We invest primarily in privately owned small- and medium-sized companies, which involve a number of significant risks. 
 
 We invest primarily in privately owned small- and medium-sized companies. Investments in these types of companies pose a number of significant risks. For example, such companies (a) have reduced access to the capital markets, resulting in diminished capital resources and ability to withstand financial distress (b) may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under the debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment (c) may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and changing market conditions, as well as general economic downturns (d) are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on the portfolio company and, in turn, on us (e) may have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in volatile businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position and (f) are not subject to the Exchange Act and other regulations that govern public companies, and therefore provide little information to the public. In addition, we, our Adviser, its affiliates and their directors, executive management team and members and the Investment Professionals may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in such portfolio companies. 
 
 Also, investments in such companies tend to be less liquid. See We invest in illiquid investments and may experience difficulty in selling those investments in a timely manner at the price that we believe the investments are worth. 
 
 Finally, as noted above, little public information generally exists about privately owned companies, and these companies often do not have third-party debt ratings or audited financial statements. Stockholders, therefore, must rely on the ability of the Adviser to obtain adequate information through due diligence to evaluate the creditworthiness and potential returns from investing in these companies. Additionally, these companies and their financial information will not generally be subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. If the Adviser is unable to uncover all material information about these companies, it may not make a fully informed investment decision, and stockholders may lose money on our investments. 
 
 These factors may make certain of our portfolio companies more susceptible to the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting government regulations. 
 24 

Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or parts of our investments. 
 
 The companies in which we invest are typically highly leveraged, and, in most cases, our investments in such companies are not rated by any rating agency. If such investments were rated, we believe that they would likely receive a rating from a nationally recognized statistical rating organization of below investment grade (i.e., below BBB- or Baa), which is often referred to as high yield and junk. Exposure to below investment grade securities involves certain risks, and those securities are viewed as having predominately speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer's capacity to pay interest and repay principal. Investing in small and mid-sized companies involves a number of significant risks. Securities in the lower-rated categories and comparable non-rated securities are subject to greater risk of loss of principal and interest than higher-rated and comparable non-rated securities and are generally considered to be predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. Such issuers typically are highly leveraged, with significant burdens on cash flow and, therefore, involve a high degree of financial risk. During an economic downturn or recession, securities of financially troubled or operationally troubled issuers are more likely to go into default than securities of other issuers. Because investors generally perceive that there are greater risks associated with the lower-rated and comparable non-rated securities, the yields and prices of such securities may be more volatile than those for higher-rated and comparable non-rated securities. The market for lower-rated and comparable non-rated securities is thinner, often less liquid and less active than that for higher-rated or comparable non-rated securities, and the market prices of such securities are subject to erratic and abrupt movements. The spread between bid and asked prices for such securities may be greater than normally expected. Such factors can adversely affect the prices at which these securities can be sold and may even make it difficult to sell such securities. 
 
 Investment in the securities of financially troubled issuers and operationally troubled issuers involves a high degree of credit and market risk. These financial difficulties may never be overcome and may cause issuers to become subject to bankruptcy proceedings. 
 Our portfolio securities typically do not have a readily available market price and, in such a case, we value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith under procedures adopted by our board of directors, which valuation is inherently subjective and may not reflect what we may actually realize from the sale of the investment. 
 
 Valuations of our portfolio, which will affect the amount of the Management Fee and Incentive Fee and our performance results, may involve uncertainties and judgmental determinations. As a BDC, we are required to account for our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our board of directors. Typically, there is not a public market for the securities of the privately held companies in which we invest. As a result, we value these securities quarterly at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our board of directors. The fair value of such securities may change, potentially materially, between the date of the fair value determination by the board of directors and the release of the financial results for the corresponding period or the next date at which fair value is determined. 
 
 The process of valuing securities for which reliable market quotations are not available is based on inherent uncertainties, and the resulting values may differ from values that would have been determined had a ready market existed for such securities and may differ from the prices at which such securities may ultimately be sold. Further, third-party pricing information may at times not be available regarding certain of our securities, derivatives and other assets. Certain factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s earnings and its ability to make payments on its indebtedness, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to comparable publicly traded companies, discounted cash flow and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. In addition, any investments that include OID or PIK interest may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require ongoing judgments about the collectability of their deferred payments and the value of their underlying collateral. Due to these uncertainties, fair value determinations may cause the Net Asset Value on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that we ultimately realize upon the sale of one or more investments. 
 
 A disruption in the secondary markets for our investments may limit the ability of our Adviser to obtain accurate market quotations for purposes of valuing our investments and calculating our Gross Asset Value and the Net Asset Value. In addition, material events occurring after the close of a principal market upon which a portion of our securities or other assets are traded may require the Adviser to make a determination of the effect of a material event on the value of the securities or other assets traded on the market for purposes of determining the fair value of our investments on a valuation date. If the valuation of our securities in accordance with Oaktree s valuation policy should prove to be incorrect, the fair value of our investments could be adversely affected. Absent bad faith or manifest error, valuation determinations in accordance with Oaktree s valuation policy 
 25 

will be conclusive and binding. Furthermore, these values are used to determine our Net Asset Value in connection with the shares of Common Stock. To the extent these investments are undervalued or overvalued, the Common Stock of existing stockholders or newly admitted stockholders could be adversely affected. 
 We may rely upon projections, forecasts or estimates developed by our Adviser and or a portfolio company concerning a portfolio company s future performance and cash flow. 
 
 We may rely upon projections developed by Oaktree or a third party concerning an investment s future performance and cash flow, including when deciding that the possibility of actual adversity in connection with an investment in a different part of the capital structure of the portfolio company is remote. Projections are inherently subject to uncertainty and factors beyond the control of Oaktree and the portfolio company. In all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. Different assumptions may produce different results. The inaccuracy of certain assumptions, the failure to satisfy certain financial requirements and the occurrence of other unforeseen events could impair the ability of a portfolio company to realize projected values and cash flow and could trigger the need for us to remain passive in the event of a restructuring. In addition, prospective investors should note that projected performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that the projected results or expected returns will be achieved or that we will be able to effectively implement our investment objective. 
 
 In addition, Oaktree may determine the suitability of investments based in part on the basis of financial projections for portfolio issuers. Events or conditions, including changes in general market conditions, which may not have been anticipated or which are otherwise not foreseeable, may occur and have a significant impact on the actual rate of return received with respect to our investments. 
 Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies and industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 
 
 Except to the extent required as a BDC or RIC, the Adviser is not under any other obligation to diversify our investments, whether by reference to the amount invested or the industries or geographical areas in which portfolio companies operate. Oaktree may allocate capital among investments as it determines in its sole discretion, subject to the goal of maximizing our returns, and stockholders will have no assurances with respect to the diversification or geographic concentration of the investment program. This lack of diversification will expose us to losses disproportionate to market declines in general if there are disproportionately greater adverse price movements in the particular investments, and our investment portfolio may be subject to more rapid changes in value than would be the case if we were required to maintain a wide diversification among companies, industries and types of securities. To the extent we hold investments concentrated in a particular issuer, security, asset class, industry or geographic region, we will be more susceptible than a more widely diversified investment vehicle to the negative consequences of a single corporate, economic, political or regulatory event. Unfavorable performance by any number of investments could substantially adversely affect the aggregate returns realized by stockholders. Approximately 18.42 of the Company's investments at fair value as of September 30, 2021 are concentrated in the Application Software industry. 
 Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. 
 
 Our investments may include companies whose capital structures have significant leverage. Such investments are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues and to increases in expenses and interest rates. The leveraged capital structure of such investments will increase the exposure of the portfolio companies to adverse economic factors, such as downturns in the economy or deterioration in the condition of the portfolio company or its industry. Additionally, the securities acquired by us may be the most junior in what will typically be a complex capital structure, and thus subject to the greatest risk of loss. 
 
 Furthermore, we engage in certain investment activities that involve the use of leverage. The cumulative effect of our use of leverage in a market that moves adversely to our investments could result in a loss to us that would be greater than if leverage had not been used, including loss of the entire investment and also the possibility of loss exceeding the original amount of a particular investment. To the extent that we engage in any leveraging, it will be subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including those relating to the ability to refinance and the insufficiency of cash flow to meet principal and interest payments, which could significantly reduce or even eliminate the value of our investment. Leveraging the capital structure will mean that third parties, such as banks, may be entitled to the cash flow generated by such investments prior to our receiving a return. Also, if an asset of us is mortgaged or otherwise used as collateral to secure repayment of indebtedness and such payments are not made, the asset could be foreclosed upon by the lender or otherwise transferred to the lender. 
 
 26 

There are also financing costs associated with leverage, and such costs will be borne by us and therefore may adversely affect the rate of returns obtained by us. In addition, each leveraged investment will involve interest rate risk, including to the extent that financing charges for such leveraged investment are based on a predetermined interest rate. Our assets, including any investment made by us and any capital held by us, are available to satisfy all liabilities and our other obligations. If we default on secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose and we could lose our entire investment in the collateral for such loan. If we become subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have recourse to our assets generally and not be limited to any particular asset, such as the investment giving rise to the liability. 
 
 Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 
 
 Certain of our portfolio companies may be impacted by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results and their ability to impacting their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans, particularly if interest rates rise in response to inflation. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. 
 
 Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our investments. 
 
 We may be called upon to provide follow-on funding for our investments or have the opportunity to increase our investment in such investments. There can be no assurance that we will wish to make follow-on investments or that we will have sufficient funds to do so. Any decision by us not to make follow-on investments or our inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on an investment in need of such an investment or may diminish our ability to influence such investment s future development. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to predict accurately how much capital may need to be reserved by us for participation in follow-on investments. If more capital is reserved than is necessary, then we may receive a lower allocation of other investment opportunities. If less capital is reserved than is necessary, then we may not be able to fully protect or enhance our existing investment. 
 
 Because we generally do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we may not be in a position to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 
 We generally do not make investments that result in control of, or significant influence over, a company. Although Oaktree monitors the performance of each investment and may make recommendations, we rely upon management to operate the portfolio companies on a day-to-day basis and equity sponsors who control the boards of directors of the portfolio companies to select qualified management for such companies. As a result, we may have a more limited ability to protect our investment in portfolio companies than if we held a controlling interest or position of significant influence. In addition, certain of our investments may be in businesses with limited operating histories. 
 When we do have an ability to significantly influence a company or an investment, it will expose us to additional risks of liability and may subject us to indemnification obligations. 
 In certain circumstances, including if we invest in a different part of the capital structure as Other Oaktree Funds, our holdings may be aggregated with those of such Other Oaktree Funds, which collectively may be deemed to give these funds and accounts controlling interests in or the ability to significantly influence a portfolio company. The exercise of control of, or significant influence over, a portfolio company may impose additional risks of liability for environmental damage, product defects, failure to supervise management, violation of governmental regulations (including securities laws) or other types of liability in which the limited liability generally characteristic of business ownership may be ignored. In addition, a greater level of involvement by Oaktree in a portfolio company may subject us to a greater risk of litigation by third parties. The expense of defending against claims by third parties and paying any amounts pursuant to settlements or judgments would, absent certain conduct by Oaktree, be borne by us and would reduce our net assets. If these liabilities were to arise, we might suffer a significant loss. However, we may have a more limited ability to protect our investment in portfolio companies or issuers in which a controlling interest or position of significant influence has not been obtained. We will be required to indemnify Oaktree and others in connection with such litigation, as well as other matters arising as a result of our management, subject to certain conditions. 
 27 

There may be insufficient investment opportunities, which may hinder our achievement of our investment objective. 
 Our Adviser may not be able to identify and obtain a sufficient number of investment opportunities to invest the full amount of capital that may be committed to us. Even if sufficient investment opportunities are identified, they may be allocated first to Other Oaktree Funds. 
 We invest in illiquid investments and may experience difficulty in selling those investments in a timely manner at the price that we believe the investments are worth. 
 We invest, and will continue to invest, in companies whose securities are illiquid, thinly traded for which no market exists or are restricted as to their transferability under applicable securities laws or documents governing our particular transactions. Some securities or instruments that were liquid at the time they were acquired may, for a variety of reasons which may not be in our control, later become illiquid. This factor may have the effect of limiting the availability of these securities or instruments for our purchase and may also limit our ability to sell such investments at their fair market value prior to our termination or in response to changes in the economy or the financial markets. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we had previously recorded our investments. Due to securities regulations governing certain publicly traded equity securities, our ability to sell securities could also be diminished with respect to equity holdings that represent a significant portion of the issuer s securities (particularly if we have designated one or more directors of the issuer). Thus, there can be no assurance as to the timing and amount of our distributions, and any distribution that would require either an in-kind distribution or a forced sale of illiquid assets at a price deemed unattractive by the Adviser may occur after the expiration of the Investment Period. To the extent any of our investments cannot be sold prior to the end of the Investment Period, they may be distributed in kind to stockholders. The securities and instruments so distributed may not be readily marketable. 
 We may face risks in connection with frequent trading and high portfolio turnover. 
 The different strategies used by us may require frequent trading and a high portfolio turnover. The more frequently we trade, the higher the commission and transaction costs and certain other expenses involved in our operations. These costs will be borne by us regardless of the profitability of our investment and trading activities. In addition, a high portfolio turnover may increase the recognition of short-term, rather than long-term, capital gains. 
 Debt instruments and loans acquired by us may become non-performing following their acquisition. 
 Debt instruments and loans acquired by us may become non-performing following their acquisition for a wide variety of reasons. Such non-performing instruments or loans may require a substantial amount of workout negotiations or restructuring, which may entail, among other things, a substantial reduction in the interest rate and a substantial write-down of principal. It is possible that we may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on collateral securing one or more real loans purchased by us. The foreclosure process varies jurisdiction by jurisdiction and can be lengthy and expensive. Borrowers often resist foreclosure actions, which often prolongs and complicates an already difficult and time-consuming process. In some states or other jurisdictions, foreclosure actions can take up to several years or more to conclude. During the foreclosure proceedings, a borrower may have the ability to file for bankruptcy, potentially staying the foreclosure action and further delaying the foreclosure process. Foreclosure litigation tends to create a negative public image of the collateral property and may result in disrupting ongoing leasing and management of the property. 
 There may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. 
 In recent years, a number of judicial decisions in the United States have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories (collectively termed lender liability ). Generally, lender liability is founded upon the premise that an institutional lender has violated a duty (whether implied or contractual) of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors. We may be subject to potential allegations of lender liability. In addition, courts have in some cases applied the doctrine of equitable subordination to subordinate the claim of a lending institution against a borrower to claims of other creditors of the borrower when the lending institution is found to have engaged in unfair, inequitable or fraudulent conduct. Such claims may be brought even if we acquired the loan on a secondary basis. 
 28 

If we make unsecured debt investments, we may lack adequate protection in the event our portfolio companies become distressed or insolvent and will likely experience a lower recovery than more senior debtholders in the event such portfolio companies default on their indebtedness. 
 In the event of a default by a borrower, we might not receive payments to which we are entitled and thereby could experience a decline in the value of our investments in the borrower. If we invest in debt that is not secured by collateral, in the event of such default, we will have only an unsecured claim against the borrower. In the case of second lien loans that are secured by collateral, while Oaktree generally expects the value of the collateral to be greater than the value of such secured second lien loans, the value of the collateral may actually be equal to or less than the value of such second lien loans or may decline below the outstanding amount of such second lien loans subsequent to our investment. Our ability to have access to the collateral may be limited by bankruptcy and other insolvency laws. Under certain circumstances, the collateral may be released with the consent of the lenders or pursuant to the terms of the underlying loan agreement with the borrower. There is no assurance that the liquidation of the collateral securing a loan would occur in a timely fashion or would satisfy the borrower s obligation in the event of nonpayment of scheduled interest or principal, or that the collateral could be readily liquidated. As a result, we might not receive full payment on a secured loan investment to which we are entitled and thereby may experience a decline in the value of, or a loss on, the investment. 
 If we acquire the securities and obligations of distressed or bankrupt companies, such investments may be subject to significant risks, including lack of income, extraordinary expenses, uncertainty with respect to satisfaction of debt, lower-than-expected investment values or income potentials and resale restrictions. 
 We may acquire the securities and other obligations of distressed or bankrupt companies. At times, distressed debt obligations may not produce income and may require us to bear certain extraordinary expenses (including legal, accounting, valuation and transaction expenses) in order to protect and recover our investment. Therefore, to the extent we invest in distressed debt, our ability to achieve current income for our stockholders may be diminished, particularly where the portfolio company has negative EBITDA. 
 We also will be subject to significant uncertainty as to when and in what manner and for what value the distressed debt we invest in will eventually be satisfied whether through a liquidation, an exchange offer or plan of reorganization involving the distressed debt securities or a payment of some amount in satisfaction of the obligation. In addition, even if an exchange offer is made or plan of reorganization is adopted with respect to distressed debt held by us, there can be no assurance that the securities or other assets received by us in connection with such exchange offer or plan of reorganization will not have a lower value or income potential than may have been anticipated when the investment was made. 
 Moreover, any securities received by us upon completion of an exchange offer or plan of reorganization may be restricted as to resale. As a result of our participation in negotiations with respect to any exchange offer or plan of reorganization with respect to an issuer of distressed debt, we may be restricted from disposing of such securities. 
 Leveraged companies may enter into bankruptcy proceedings at higher rates than companies that are not leveraged and we may invest in debt securities of these companies. 
 Leveraged companies, such as those in which we invest or plan to invest, may be more prone to bankruptcy or similar financial distress. As a result, we may need to modify the payment terms of our investments, including changes in PIK interest provisions and or cash interest rates. The performances of such companies have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by these economic or other conditions, which may result in our receipt of a reduced level of interest income from such portfolio companies and or losses or charge offs related to such investments, and, in turn, may adversely affect distributable income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our success may depend, in part, on the ability of the Adviser to effectuate loan modifications or restructure and improve the operations of portfolio companies. The activity of identifying and implementing any such restructuring programs and operating improvements entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs and improvements. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the securities that we will hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, we may write down the value of a 
 29 

portfolio company investment upon the worsening of the financial condition of the portfolio company or in anticipation of a default, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to certain risks associated with foreign investments. 
 Certain non-U.S. investments involve risks and special considerations not typically associated with U.S. investments. Such risks include (a) the risk of nationalization or expropriation of assets or confiscatory taxation, (b) social, economic and political uncertainty, including crime, corruption, war, terrorism and revolution, (c) dependence on exports and the corresponding importance of international trade, (d) differences between U.S. and non-U.S. markets, including price fluctuations, market volatility, less liquidity and smaller capitalization of securities markets, (e) currency exchange rate fluctuations, (f) rates of inflation, (g) controls on, and changes in controls on, foreign investment and limitations on repatriation of invested capital and on our ability to exchange local currencies for U.S. dollars, (h) governmental involvement in and control over the economies, (i) governmental decisions to discontinue support of economic reform programs generally and impose centrally planned economies, (j) differences in auditing and financial reporting standards that may result in the unavailability of material information about issuers, (k) less extensive regulation and less government supervision of the securities markets, exchanges, brokers and issuers, (l) longer settlement periods for securities transactions, (m) less developed bankruptcy laws and corporate laws regarding fiduciary duties and the protection of investors, (n) less reliable judicial systems to enforce contracts and applicable law, (o) certain considerations regarding the maintenance of our portfolio securities and cash with non-U.S. sub-custodians and securities depositories, (p) the possible imposition of non-U.S. taxes on income and gains recognized with respect to such non-U.S. investments, (q) restrictions and prohibitions on ownership of property by non-U.S. entities and changes in laws relating thereto and (r) additional transactional costs and administrative burdens as a result of local legal requirements. We may be adversely affected by the foregoing events, or by future adverse developments in global or regional economic conditions or in the financial or credit markets. 
 In addition, foreign investment in the securities of issuers in certain nations is restricted or controlled to varying degrees. These restrictions or controls may at times limit or preclude non-U.S. investment in issuers in such nations and increase our costs and expenses. Certain countries may restrict investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to national interests. Some countries require governmental approval for the repatriation of investment income, capital or the proceeds of sales of securities by non-U.S. investors. In addition, if there is a deterioration in a country s balance of payments or for other reasons, a country may impose temporary restrictions on, or altogether change its restrictions on, non-U.S. capital remittances abroad. In response to sovereign debt or currency crises, for example, certain governments have enacted legislation that imposes restrictions on the inflow and outflow of foreign currency into and from such country. These restrictions may adversely affect our ability to source investments or repatriate investment proceeds. Repatriation of capital was particularly a problem during the sovereign debt and currency crises of the 1990s and continues to be a problem today in certain countries. Even where capital controls do not prohibit remittances abroad, the repatriation of proceeds from investment dispositions may require the procurement of a substantial number of regulatory consents, certificates and approvals, including licenses for us and clearance certificates from tax or monetary authorities. Obtaining such approvals or licenses may be difficult, expensive and time consuming and may depend on political or other factors outside our control. Finally, repatriation of income from and investments in entities that are organized or domiciled in non-U.S. countries may be affected adversely by local withholding and other non-U.S. tax requirements. The foregoing requirements and restrictions may adversely affect our ability to source investments or repatriate investment proceeds, and there can be no assurance that we will be permitted to repatriate capital or profits, if any, from the non U.S. jurisdictions in which we invest. 
 Our obligations in connection with investments in bank loans and participations are subject to unique risks. 
 Our investment program may include investments in significant amounts of bank loans and participations, as well as other direct lending transactions. These obligations are subject to unique risks, including (a) the possible invalidation of an investment transaction as a fraudulent conveyance under relevant creditors rights laws, (b) so-called lender-liability claims by the issuer of the obligations, (c) environmental liabilities that may arise with respect to collateral securing the obligations and (d) limitations on our ability to enforce directly our rights with respect to participations. In addition, bank loans may not be deemed to be securities for purposes of the federal securities laws and therefore may not have the protections afforded by the federal securities laws, including anti-fraud protections. In analyzing each bank loan or participation, we compare the relative significance of the risks against the expected benefits of the investment. Successful claims by third parties arising from these and other risks, absent certain conduct by the Adviser, its affiliates and certain other individuals, will be borne by us. In addition, the settlement process for the purchase of bank loans can take significantly longer than the timeframes established by the Loan Syndications & Trading Association and comparable non-U.S. bodies. The longer a trade is outstanding between the counterparties, the greater the risk of additional operational and settlement issues and the potential for our counterparty to fail to perform. 
 30 

If we purchase a participation, we will not have established any direct contractual relationship with the borrower. We will be required to rely on the lender or the participant that sold the participation, not only for the enforcement of our rights against the borrower, but also for the receipt and processing of payments due to us under the participation. We will thus be subject to the credit risk of both the borrower and the selling lender or participant. Because it may be necessary to assert through the selling lender or participant such rights as may exist against the borrower, in the event the borrower fails to pay principal and interest when due, such assertion of rights against the borrower may be subject to delays, expenses and risks that are greater than those that would be involved if we could enforce our rights against the borrower directly. 
 We will face risks in effective operating improvements. 
 In some cases, the success of our investment strategy will depend, in part, on our ability to restructure and effect improvements in the operations of a portfolio company. The activity of identifying and implementing restructuring programs and operating improvements at portfolio companies entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs and improvements. 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt or issue equity securities that rank equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 Our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may entitle the holders to receive payments of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the debt instruments in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt instruments in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. 
 We may be exposed to higher risks with respect to our investments that include OID or PIK interest. 
 Our investments include OID and contractual PIK interest, which typically represents contractual interest added to a loan balance and due at the end of such loan s term. To the extent OID or PIK interest constitute a portion of our income, we are exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following 
 OID and PIK instruments may have higher yields, which reflect the payment deferral and credit risk associated with these instruments 
 OID and PIK accruals may create uncertainty about the source of our distributions to stockholders 
 OID and PIK instruments may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of the collateral and 
 OID and PIK instruments may represent a higher credit risk than coupon loans. 
 We may invest in derivatives, which involve numerous risks. 
 While not anticipated to be a meaningful aspect of our investment strategy, we have and may in the future enter into certain foreign exchange and possibly certain other types of OTC derivative instruments from time to time. While Oaktree expects us to enter into OTC contracts on a bilateral basis with banks or other dealers, we may enter into certain derivatives that are traded on swap execution facilities SEFs ), security-based swap execution facilities or other similar multi-lateral trading platforms. Certain of such derivatives may be cleared through central counterparties CCPs ). 
 Investing in derivative instruments, particularly OTC derivatives, presents various risks, including market, counterparty, operational and liquidity risks. The prices of derivative instruments, including swaps, forwards and options may be highly volatile and such instruments may subject us to significant loses. The value of derivatives also depends upon the price of the underlying security or other asset or index. Typically, investing in a derivative instrument requires the deposit or payment of an initial amount much smaller than the notional or nominal exposure amount from such derivative instrument. Therefore, if the 
 31 

relevant cash market moves against us, we will suffer a larger loss than we would have by directly investing in the underlying security or other asset or index. OTC derivatives are also subject to the default and credit risk of the counterparty if they are not cleared through CCPs, while centrally cleared derivatives are subject to the credit risk of the CCP and the relevant futures commission merchant FCM or other clearing broker. In addition, significant disparities may exist between bid and ask prices for derivative instruments that are traded over-the-counter and not on an exchange. While such OTC derivatives are subject to increased regulation under the Dodd-Frank Act, the investor protections and other regulations applicable to such OTC derivatives differ from those applicable to futures and other exchange-traded instruments. In addition, compared with such exchange-traded instruments, the market for OTC derivatives is less liquid. 
 We may have foreign currency risks related to our investments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. 
 A portion of our investments are, and may continue to be, located in jurisdictions other than the United States and, consequently, we are expected to make certain investments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Changes in the rates of exchange between the U.S. Dollar and other currencies will have an effect, which could be adverse, on our performance, amounts available for withdrawal and the value of securities distributed by us. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. Additionally, a particular foreign country may impose exchange controls, devalue its currency or take other measures relating to its currency which could adversely affect us. Finally, we could incur costs in connection with conversions between various currencies. 
 We are not obligated to hedge currency risks. Even if Oaktree does so, Oaktree may not be able to put a hedge in place on commercially reasonable terms given the credit terms offered by our counterparties or the volatility of the currency. There can be no guarantee that instruments suitable for hedging market shifts will be available at the time when we wish to use them or that any hedge would reduce applicable risks. More specifically, if we hedge currency risk, we do not expect that the full risk of currency fluctuations can be eliminated due to the complexity of the investment characteristics of the portfolio and limitations in the foreign currency market. We will conduct our foreign currency exchange transactions in anticipation of funding investment commitments or receiving proceeds upon dispositions. 
 We may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. 
 In addition to currency hedging, the Adviser may also use other financial instruments for hedging and risk management purposes, including short sales, in order to (a) protect against possible changes in the market value of our investment portfolio resulting from fluctuations in the securities markets and changes in interest rates, (b) protect our unrealized gains in the value of our investment portfolio, (c) facilitate the sale of any such investments, (d) preserve returns, spreads or gains on any investment, (e) hedge the interest rate on any liabilities or assets, (f) protect against any increase in the price of any investments we anticipate purchasing at a later date or (g) for any other similar reason that the Adviser deems appropriate. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions and amounts due under our credit facilities or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should increase. 
 The success of our hedging strategy will be subject to the Adviser s ability to correctly assess the degree of correlation between the performance of the instruments used in the hedging strategy and the performance of the investments in the portfolio being hedged along with the Adviser s ability to continually recalculate, readjust and execute hedges in an efficient and timely manner. Therefore, though we may enter into transactions to seek to reduce risks, unanticipated changes may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings or credit facilities being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the effect of the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. The successful utilization of hedging and risk management transactions requires skills complementary to those needed in the selection of portfolio holdings. It may not be possible to hedge at an acceptable price that is generally anticipated. In addition, we may determine not to hedge against particular risks, including if we determine that available hedging transactions are not available at an acceptable price. 
 We may be exposed to credit risk on parties with whom we trade and will also bear the risk of settlement default. 
 From time to time, certain securities markets have experienced operational clearance and settlement problems that have resulted in failed trades. These problems could cause us to miss attractive investment opportunities or result in our liability to 
 32 

third parties by virtue of an inability to perform our contractual obligation to deliver securities, or we could be unable to achieve the market position selected by Oaktree or might incur a loss in liquidating our positions. In addition, delays and inefficiencies of the local postal, transport and banking systems could result in the loss of investment opportunities, the loss of funds (including dividends) and exposure to currency fluctuations. 
 Because certain purchases, sales, securities lending, derivatives and other transactions in which we engage involve instruments that are not traded on an exchange, but are instead traded between counterparties based on contractual relationships, we are subject to the risk that a counterparty will not perform its obligations under the related contracts, as well as risks of transfer, clearance or settlement default. Such risks may be exacerbated with respect to non-U.S. securities or transactions with non-U.S. counterparties. There can be no assurance that a counterparty will not default and that we will not sustain a loss on a transaction as a result. Such risks may differ materially from those entailed in exchange-traded transactions that generally are backed by clearing organization guarantees, daily marking-to-market and settlement of positions and segregation and minimum capital requirements applicable to intermediaries. There can be no assurance that Oaktree s monitoring activities will be sufficient to adequately control counterparty risk. 
 In situations where we are required to post margin or other collateral with a counterparty, the counterparty may fail to segregate such assets or collateral, as applicable, or may commingle the assets or collateral with the relevant counterparty s own assets or collateral, as applicable. As a result, in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of any counterparty, our excess assets and collateral may be subject to the conflicting claims of the creditors of the relevant counterparty, and we may be exposed to the risk of a court treating us as a general unsecured creditor of such counterparty, rather than as the owner of such assets or collateral, as the case may be. 
 Transactions entered into by us may be executed on various U.S. and non-U.S. exchanges, and may be cleared and settled through various clearing houses, custodians, depositories and prime brokers throughout the world. Although we will attempt to execute, clear and settle the transactions through entities Oaktree believes to be sound, there can be no assurance that a failure by any such entity will not lead to a loss to us. 
 Certain of our transactions may be undertaken through local brokers, banks or other organizations in the countries in which we make investments, and we will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such organizations. The collection, transfer and deposit of bearer securities and cash expose us to a variety of risks, including theft, loss and destruction. Finally, we will be dependent upon the general soundness of the banking systems of countries in which investments will be made. 
 We may enter into reverse repurchase agreements, which are another form of leverage. 
 We may enter into reverse repurchase agreements as part of our management of our temporary investment portfolio. Under a reverse repurchase agreement, we will effectively pledge our assets as collateral to secure a short-term loan. Generally, the other party to the agreement makes the loan in an amount equal to a percentage of the fair value of the pledged collateral. At the maturity of the reverse repurchase agreement, we will be required to repay the loan and correspondingly receive back our collateral. While used as collateral, the assets continue to pay principal and interest which are for our benefit. 
 Our use of reverse repurchase agreements, if any, involves many of the same risks involved in our use of leverage, as the proceeds from reverse repurchase agreements generally will be invested in additional securities. There is a risk that the market value of the securities acquired in the reverse repurchase agreement may decline below the price of the securities that we have sold but remain obligated to purchase. In addition, there is a risk that the market value of the securities retained by us may decline. If a buyer of securities under a reverse repurchase agreement were to file for bankruptcy or experience insolvency, we may be adversely affected. Also, in entering into reverse repurchase agreements, we would bear the risk of loss to the extent that the proceeds of such agreements at settlement are less than the fair value of the underlying securities being pledged. In addition, due to the interest costs associated with reverse repurchase agreements, our Net Asset Value would decline, and, in some cases, we may be worse off than if we had not used such agreements. 
 The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. 
 In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of such company typical of those made in connection with the sale of any business. We also may be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment with respect to certain matters, including the accuracy of such representations. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities for which the Adviser may establish reserves or escrows. 
 33 

We invest directly in senior secured loans, including at initial issuance, which would typically have limited mandatory amortization and interim repayment requirements. 
 We invest directly in senior secured loans, including at initial issuance, which would typically have limited mandatory amortization and interim repayment requirements. A low level of amortization of any directly originated senior secured loans over the life of such senior secured loans may increase the risk that an issuer will not be able to repay or refinance the senior secured loans held by us when it comes due at its final stated maturity. 
 Our investments include covenant-lite loans, which may give us fewer rights and subject us to greater risk of loss than loans with financial maintenance covenants. 
 Although the loans in which we expect to invest will generally have financial maintenance covenants, which are used to proactively address materially adverse changes in a portfolio company s financial performance, we do invest to a lesser extent in covenant-lite loans. We use the term covenant-lite to refer generally to loans that do not have financial maintenance covenants. Generally, covenant-lite loans provide borrower companies more freedom to negatively impact lenders because their covenants are incurrence-based, which means they are only tested and can only be breached following an affirmative action of the borrower, rather than by a deterioration in the borrower s financial condition or operating results. Accordingly, to the extent we invest in covenant-lite loans, we may have fewer rights against a borrower and may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance covenants. 
 Our investment activities subject us to the risks of becoming involved in litigation by third parties. 
 Our investment activities subject us to the risks of becoming involved in litigation by third parties. This risk is somewhat greater where we exercise control or significant influence over a company s direction. In addition, in the course of providing managerial assistance to certain portfolio companies, certain of our or the Adviser s officers and directors may serve as directors on the boards of such companies. In connection therewith, we will be required to indemnify the Adviser and its affiliates, and each of their respective members, officers, directors, employees, shareholders, partners, and certain other persons who serve at the request of the Adviser or its affiliates on our behalf for liabilities incurred in connection with our affairs. Such liabilities may be material and have an adverse effect on the returns to the stockholders. The expense of defending against claims by third parties and paying any amounts pursuant to settlements or judgments would, absent certain conduct by the Adviser, be payable from our assets. It should also be noted that the Adviser may, but shall not be required to, purchase insurance for us, the Adviser and our affiliates, employees, agents and representatives. Additionally, the Governing Documents, to the extent permitted by law, will limit the circumstances under which the Adviser can be held liable to us and the stockholders. As a result, the stockholders may have a more limited right of action in certain cases than they would in the absence of this provision. 
 We may invest through joint ventures, partnerships or other special purpose vehicles and investments through these vehicles may entail greater risks, or risks that we otherwise would not incur, if we otherwise made such investments directly. 
 We may co-invest with third parties through funds, joint ventures or other entities. Such investments may involve risks not present in investments where a third party is not involved, including the possibility that our co-venturer or partner may at any time have other business interests and investments other than the joint venture with us, or may have different economic or business goals. In addition, we may be liable for actions of our co-venturers or partners. Our ability to exercise control or significant influence over management in these cooperative efforts will depend upon the nature of the joint venture arrangement. In addition, such arrangements are likely to involve restrictions on the resale of our interest in the company. 
 Our Adviser has broad discretion in selecting our investments and investment techniques. 
 We may employ investment techniques and invest in other instruments that the Adviser believes will help achieve our investment objective, whether or not such investment techniques or instruments are specifically described herein. Consistent with our investment objective, we may invest in financial instruments of any and all types, which exist now or are hereafter created. Such investments may entail risks not described herein. 
 Our portfolio companies may prepay loans, which may have the effect of reducing our investment income if the returned capital cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 
 The loans in our investment portfolio may be prepaid at any time, generally with little advance notice. Whether a loan is prepaid will depend both on the continued positive performance of the portfolio company and the existence of favorable 
 34 

financing market conditions that allow such portfolio company the ability to replace existing financing with less expensive capital. In periods of rising interest rates, the risk of prepayment of floating rate loans may increase if other financing sources are available. As market conditions change frequently, we will often be unable to predict when, and if, prepayment may be possible for each portfolio company. In some cases, the prepayment of a loan may have the effect of reducing our actual investment income below our expected investment income if the capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 We invest, and will continue to invest, in companies whose securities are not publicly traded, and whose securities are subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or are otherwise less liquid than publicly traded securities. In fact, all of our assets may be invested in illiquid securities. The illiquidity of these investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we had previously recorded these investments and suffer losses. Our investments may be subject to contractual or legal restrictions on resale or are otherwise illiquid because there is usually no established trading market for such investments. In addition, we may also face restrictions on our ability to liquidate our investments if our Adviser or any of its affiliates have material nonpublic information regarding the portfolio company. 
 We may be subject to risks in connection with our origination activities. 
 The market for originating debt and equity financing is highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete effectively with other market participants for origination opportunities. We may compete for opportunities with public and private investment funds, commercial and investment banks and commercial finance companies. In general, the corporate, non-mortgage debt and equity origination markets present relatively low barriers to entry, and significant competition is likely. 
 Many current and potential competitors in the debt and equity origination business are much larger than we are and, accordingly, have far greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources. We are subject to various elements of competition, including interest rates and financing costs origination standards convenience customer service the size, term and seniority of financing arrangements and marketing and distribution channels. Price pressure from competitors (including market participants that are not directly originating loans) may cause us to lower the interest rates that we charge borrowers, which consequently may lower the value of our loans. Further, if competitors adopt less stringent loan origination standards in order to maintain their loan origination volume, we may elect to do so as well. If we adopt less stringent loan origination standards, we will bear increased risk for each loan originated under such less stringent standards, which may not be compensated by an increase in price. Alternatively, we may determine not to adopt less stringent origination standards in this competitive environment, which decision may result in a loss of market share. Increased pressure on pricing and origination opportunities likely would reduce the volume and quality of our origination activity and materially adversely affect us. In particular, from time to time there may be influxes of capital directed at lending to smaller borrowers, which may result in a tendency by the highest quality borrowers to borrow from sources other than us such that our origination opportunities and our eventual portfolio include a disproportionate number of lower quality borrowers or issuers, exacerbating some of the risks outlined here. 
 Some competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we do, thereby allowing such competitors to achieve a broad diversification of investments and to establish more relationships than we are able to establish. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to more stable funding sources that are not available to us. These competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 When we originate a loan, we expect to rely significantly upon representations made by the borrower. There can be no assurance that such representations are accurate or complete, or that any due diligence by the Investment Professionals would identify any misrepresentation or omission. Any misrepresentation or omission by a borrower to which we originate a loan may adversely affect the valuation of the collateral underlying the loan, or may adversely affect our ability to perfect or foreclose on a lien on the collateral securing the loan, or may result in our liability to a subsequent purchaser of the loan. 
 Finally, under certain circumstances, payments to us may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance or a preferential payment. 
 35 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 
 We face risks associated with the deployment of our capital. 
 In light of our need to be able to deploy capital quickly to capitalize on potential investment opportunities or to establish reserves for anticipated debts, liabilities or obligations, including liquidity needs, we may hold cash in money market investments pending deployment into other investments, the amount of which may at times be significant. While the duration of any such holding period is expected to be relatively short, in the event we are unable to find suitable investments, such money market investments may be held for longer periods, which would be dilutive to overall investment returns. It is not anticipated that the temporary investment of such cash into money market investments will generate significant interest, and stockholders should understand that such low interest payments on the temporarily invested cash may adversely affect our overall returns. 
 
 Changes in interest rates, changes in the method for determining LIBOR and the replacement of LIBOR may affect our cost of capital and our net investment income. 
 
 General interest rate fluctuations and changes in credit spreads on floating rate loans may have a substantial negative impact on our investments and investment opportunities and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our rate of return on invested capital, our net investment income, our net asset value and the market price of our common stock. The majority of our debt investments have, and are expected to have, variable interest rates that reset periodically based on benchmarks such as the LIBOR, the federal funds rate or prime rate. An increase in interest rates may make it more difficult for our portfolio companies to service their obligations under the debt investments that we will hold and increase defaults even where our investment income increases. Rising interest rates could also cause borrowers to shift cash from other productive uses to the payment of interest, which may have a material adverse effect on their business and operations and could, over time, lead to increased defaults. Additionally, as interest rates increase and the corresponding risk of a default by borrowers increases, the liquidity of higher interest rate loans may decrease as fewer investors may be willing to purchase such loans in the secondary market in light of the increased risk of a default by the borrower and the heightened risk of a loss of an investment in such loans. Decreases in credit spreads on debt that pays a floating rate of return would have an impact on the income generation of our floating rate assets. Trading prices for debt that pays a fixed rate of return tend to fall as interest rates rise. Trading prices tend to fluctuate more for fixed rate securities that have longer maturities. 
 
 Conversely, if interest rates decline, borrowers may refinance their loans at lower interest rates, which could shorten the average life of the loans and reduce the associated returns on the investment, as well as require Oaktree and the Investment Professionals to incur management time and expense to re-deploy such proceeds, including on terms that may not be as favorable as our existing loans. Additionally, as interest rates increase and the corresponding risk of a default by borrowers increases, the liquidity of higher interest rate loans may decrease as fewer investors may be willing to purchase such loans in the secondary market in light of the increased risk of a default by the borrower and the heightened risk of a loss of an investment in such loans. 
 
 In addition, because we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income depends, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income to the extent we use debt to finance investments. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. 
 
 In July 2017, the head of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority announced the desire to phase out the use of LIBOR by the end of 2021. On March 5, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ICE announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. In addition, the U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), a steering committee comprised of large US financial institutions, formally recommended the forward-looking Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR term rates proposed by CME Group, Inc. as the replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR, marking the final step in the ARRC s Paced Transition Plan implemented to encourage the adoption of SOFR. As of the date of this Annual Report, the current nominated replacement for GBP-LIBOR is the Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate SONIA ). In July 2020, Bloomberg began publishing fallbacks that the International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA intends to implement in lieu of LIBOR with respect to swaps and derivatives. Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR, or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, including SONIA, there remains uncertainty regarding the future utilization of LIBOR and the nature of any replacement rate. In many cases, the nominated replacements, as well as other potential replacements, are not complete or ready to implement and require margin adjustments. There is currently no final consensus as to which benchmark rate(s) (along with any adjustment 
 36 

and or permutation thereof) will replace all or any LIBOR tenors after the discontinuation thereof and there can be no assurance that any such replacement benchmark rate(s) will attain market acceptance. Any transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including as a result of any changes in the pricing of our investments, changes to the documentation for certain of our investments and the pace of such changes, disputes and other actions regarding the interpretation of current and prospective loan documentation or modifications to processes and systems. 
 
 It is not possible to predict whether there will be any further changes in the methods pursuant to which the LIBOR rates are determined and any other reforms to LIBOR that will be enacted in the United States, the U.K. or elsewhere, or the effects thereof. Any such changes or further reforms to LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR rates, which could have a material adverse impact on the value of our investments and any payments linked to LIBOR thereunder. 
 
 LIBOR is likely to perform differently than in the past and, ultimately, cease to exist as a global benchmark going forward. Until an alternative benchmark rate(s) becomes generally accepted and regularly implemented in the market, the uncertainty as to the future of LIBOR, its eventual phase-out, the transition to one or more alternate benchmark rate(s), and the implementation of such new Benchmark Rate(s) may impact a number of factors, which, either alone or in the aggregate, may cause a material adverse effect on our performance and our ability to achieve its investment objective. Such factors include, without limitation (i) the administration and or management of our portfolio of investments, including (a) cost of funding or other operational or administrative costs, (b) costs incurred to transition to and implement a substitute index or benchmark rate(s) for purposes of calculating interest, (c) costs of negotiating with counterparties with respect to an acceptable replacement calculation and potential amendments to existing debt instruments or credit facilities currently utilizing LIBOR to determine interest rates, and or (d) costs of potential disputes and or litigation regarding interest calculation, loan value, appropriateness or comparability of any new benchmark rate(s) or any other dispute over terms relating to or arising from any of the foregoing (ii) the availability (or lack thereof) of potential investments in the market during the transition period (iii) the time periods necessary to make investments and deploy capital during the transition period (iv) the calculation and value of our investments and our overall cash flows, profitability and performance (v) the liquidity of our investments in the secondary market or otherwise, and the asset-liability management strategies available to us (vi) basis risks between investments and hedges and basis risks within investments (e.g., securitizations) or (vii) any mismatch, during a transition period or otherwise, between a Benchmark Rate used for our leverage facilities and another used for one or more of our investments. 
 
 The Adviser does not have prior experience in investing during a period of Benchmark Rate transition and there can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to manage our business in a profitable manner before, during or after such transition. Furthermore, in anticipation of the cessation of LIBOR, we may need to renegotiate any credit agreements extending beyond 2021 with our prospective portfolio companies that utilize LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate to replace LIBOR with the new standard that is established and we may also need to renegotiate the terms of our credit facilities. Any such renegotiations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including as a result of changes in interest rates payable to us by our portfolio companies or payable by us under our credit facilities. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. 
 
 We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation at the local, state and federal level. New legislation may be enacted or new interpretations, rulings or regulations could be adopted, including those governing the types of investments we are permitted to make or that impose limits on our ability to pledge a significant amount of our assets to secure loans or that restrict the operations of a portfolio company, any of which could harm us and our stockholders and the value of our investments, potentially with retroactive effect. For example, certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which influences many aspects of the financial services industry, have been amended or repealed and the Code has been substantially amended and reformed. Any amendment or repeal of legislation, or changes in regulations or regulatory interpretations thereof, could create uncertainty in the near term, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations relating to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth herein and may result in our investment focus shifting from the areas of expertise of our Adviser to other types of investments in which our Adviser may have less expertise or little or no experience. Thus, any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 
 
 37 

We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. We compete for investments with various other investors, such as other public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds, some of which may be our affiliates. Other Oaktree funds have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may create competition for investment opportunities. Many competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us, and may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships. Furthermore, many competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act and the Code impose on us. The competitive pressures could impair our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities. 
 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. 
 
 In order to qualify for the tax benefits available to RICs and to minimize corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes, we intend to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income each tax year, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for investment, and treat such amounts as deemed distributions to our stockholders. If we elect to treat any amounts as deemed distributions, we would be subject to U.S. federal income taxes at the corporate rate on such deemed distributions on behalf of our stockholders. 
 
 As a BDC, we have issued and may continue to issue senior securities, including borrowing money from banks or other financial institutions only in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the Investment Company Act, equals at least 150 after such incurrence or issuance. These requirements limit the amount that we may borrow, may unfavorably limit our investment opportunities and may reduce our ability in comparison to other companies to profit from favorable spreads between the rates at which we can borrow and the rates at which we can lend. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy the asset coverage test, which could prohibit us from paying distributions and could prevent us from being subject to tax as a RIC. If we cannot satisfy the asset coverage test, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our debt financing, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. Accordingly, any failure to satisfy this test could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Because we will continue to need capital to grow our investment portfolio, these limitations may prevent us from incurring debt and require us to raise additional equity at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so. We generally are not able to issue or sell Common Stock at a price below the then-current Net Asset Value per share of Common Stock, which may be a disadvantage as compared with other public companies or private investment funds. We may, however, sell Common Stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire Common Stock, at a price below the then-current Net Asset Value per share of Common Stock if the following conditions, among others, are satisfied (i) a majority of our stockholders and a majority of our stockholders that are not our affiliates approve such sales within one year immediately prior to such sales and (ii) a majority of our independent directors and a majority of our directors who have no financial interest in the transaction determine that such sales are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 
 
 Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness or senior securities would not be available for distributions to stockholders. Furthermore, as a result of issuing indebtedness or senior securities, stockholders would also be exposed to typical risks associated with increased leverage, including an increased risk of loss resulting from increased indebtedness. 
 
 If we issue preferred stock, the preferred stock would rank senior to the Common Stock, preferred stockholders would have separate voting rights on certain matters and might have other rights, preferences or privileges more favorable than those of stockholders, and the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for stockholders or otherwise be in their best interest. 
 
 If we raise additional funds by issuing more Common Stock or issuing senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, Common Stock, the percentage ownership of then-existing stockholders may decline at that time and such stockholders may experience dilution. Moreover, we can offer no assurance that we will be able to issue and sell additional equity securities in the future, on terms favorable to us or at all. 
 
 In addition, we securitize and may in the future seek to securitize our portfolio securities to generate cash for funding new investments. To securitize loans, we typically create a wholly-owned subsidiary and contribute a pool of loans to the subsidiary. 
 38 

We then typically sell interests in the subsidiary on a non-recourse basis to purchasers and would retain all or a portion of the equity in the subsidiary. An inability to successfully securitize our loan portfolio could limit our ability to grow our business or fully execute our business strategy and may decrease our earnings, if any. The securitization market is subject to changing market conditions and we may not be able to access this market when we would otherwise deem appropriate. Moreover, the successful securitization of our portfolio might subject us to losses as the residual investments in which we do not sell interests will tend to be those that are riskier and more apt to generate losses. The Investment Company Act also may impose restrictions on the structure of any securitization. 
 
 Our board of directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. 
 Our board of directors has the authority to modify or waive our current investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current investment objective, operating policies and strategies would have on our business, Net Asset Value and operating results. However, the effects might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay distributions and cause stockholders to lose part or all of their investment. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, and we do not know if such status will make our shares less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, which means that we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting and disclosure requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As a result, we have taken advantage of the exemption for emerging growth companies allowing us to temporarily forgo the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We cannot predict if investors will find the Common Stock less attractive because we rely on this exemption. If some investors find the Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be less of an interest in investing. We did not take advantage of other disclosure or reporting exemptions for emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of an initial public offering, (ii) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1 billion, or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of the Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior second fiscal quarter, and (b) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 
 Future control deficiencies could prevent us from accurately and timely reporting our financial results. 
 
 We may identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, including significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of a company s financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A deficiency in internal control exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 
 
 Failure to identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner or remediate any deficiencies, or the identification of material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future could prevent us from accurately and timely reporting our financial results. 
 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws , and together with the Certificate of Incorporation, the Governing Documents and the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), as well as other aspects of our structure, could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price of the Common Stock following a Qualified Listing, if any. 
 Our Governing Documents, as well as the DGCL, contain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us. Among other things, the Governing Documents 
 
 provide that our board of directors is classified, which may delay the ability of holders of Common Stock to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors 
 39 

do not provide for cumulative voting 
 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of remaining directors then in office (even if they constitute less than a quorum), or by a sole remaining director, subject to any applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and the rights of any holders of preferred stock 
 
 provide that our board of directors may be removed only for cause, and only by a supermajority vote of the stockholders entitled to elect such directors 
 
 provide that, following a Qualified Listing, stockholders may only take action at an annual or special meeting, and may not act by written consent 
 
 restrict stockholders ability to call special meetings and 
 
 require a vote of 75 of stockholders to effect certain amendments to our Governing Documents. 
 
 We have provisions comparable to those of Section 203 of the DGCL. These provisions generally prohibit us from engaging in mergers, business combinations and certain other types of transactions with interested stockholders (generally defined as persons or entities that beneficially own 15 or more of our voting stock), other than certain exempt parties, for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder unless, (a) prior to such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, our board of directors has approved the business combination that would otherwise be restricted or the transaction that resulted in the interested stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (b) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting securities outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting securities outstanding (but not the outstanding voting securities owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by persons who are our directors and also officers or (c) the business combination has been approved by our board of directors and 66 2 3 of its outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than Common Stock owned by the interested stockholder). Such provisions may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. 
 
 These anti-takeover provisions may inhibit a change of control in circumstances that could give the holders of Common Stock the opportunity to realize a premium over the market price for the Common Stock following an initial public offering of the Common Stock, if any. In addition, certain aspects of our structure may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us. 
 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to the Adviser s or our operations, a compromise or corruption of the Adviser s or our confidential information or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and are expected to continue to increase in frequency and severity in the future. The information and technology systems of Oaktree, its affiliates, portfolio companies, issuers and service providers may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses or other malicious code, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and other security breaches, usage errors or malfeasance by their respective professionals or service providers, power, communications or other service outages, and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes or terrorist incidents. If unauthorized parties gain access to such information and technology systems, or if personnel abuse or misuse their access privileges, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify private and sensitive information, including non-public personal information related to stockholders (and their beneficial owners) and material non-public information. Although Oaktree has implemented, and portfolio companies, issuers and service providers may implement, various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, such systems could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. Oaktree does not control the cybersecurity plans and systems put in place by third party service providers, and such third party service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to Oaktree, its affiliates, us, the stockholders and or a portfolio company, each of whom could be negatively impacted as a result. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage may not be identified in a timely manner or at all, even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems. This could potentially result in further harm and prevent such breaches from being addressed appropriately. The failure of these systems and or of disaster 
 40 

recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in Oaktree s, its affiliates , our and or a portfolio company s operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to stockholders (and their beneficial owners), material non-public information and the intellectual property and trade secrets and other sensitive information of Oaktree and or portfolio companies or issuers. Oaktree, we and or a portfolio company could be required to make a significant investment to remedy the effects of any such failures, harm to their reputations, legal claims that they and their respective affiliates may be subjected to, regulatory action or enforcement arising out of applicable privacy and other laws, adverse publicity, and other events that may affect their business and financial performance. 
 
 Certain investors are limited in their ability to make significant investments in us. 
 
 As long as the Common Stock is not treated as a publicly-offered security for purposes of the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), our Adviser intends that our assets should not be deemed to constitute plan assets subject to ERISA or Section 1975 of the Code by limiting investments in us by benefit plan investors (as defined in section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations that may be promulgated thereunder) to less than 25 of the total value of any outstanding class of our capital stock. Were our assets to be treated as plan assets, we could, among other things, be subject to certain restrictions on our ability to carry out our activities as described herein. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain various required licenses in U.S. states or in any other jurisdiction where it may be required in the future. 
 Certain federal and local banking and other regulatory bodies or agencies inside or outside the United States may require us and or our Adviser to obtain licenses or similar authorizations to engage in various types of lending activities, including investment in senior loans. Such licenses or authorizations may take a significant amount of time to obtain, and may require the disclosure of confidential information regarding us, a stockholder in us or our respective affiliates, including financial information and or information regarding officers and directors of such investor, and we may or may not be willing or able to comply with these requirements. In addition, there can be no assurance that any such licenses or authorizations would be granted or, if so, would not impose restrictions on us. Alternatively, the Adviser may be able to structure our potential investments in a manner which would not require such licenses and authorizations, but which would be inefficient or otherwise disadvantageous for us and or the borrower. The inability of us or the Adviser to obtain such licenses or authorizations, or the structuring of an investment in an inefficient or otherwise disadvantageous manner, could adversely affect the Adviser s ability to implement the strategy for us and our results. 
 
 We may not replicate the historical success of Oaktree. 
 The past performance of other funds, accounts or investment vehicles managed by our Adviser or its affiliates is not necessarily indicative of our future performance and provides no assurance of future results. As a BDC, we are subject to certain investment limitations that do not apply to other funds, accounts or investment vehicles managed by Oaktree and its affiliates and, accordingly, we may have a materially different portfolio than does such other funds, accounts or investment vehicles. In addition, the fees and expenses we will pay may be different from, and may be higher than, those applicable to such other funds, accounts or investment vehicles. Furthermore, our Adviser does not have significant experience operating under the constraints imposed on us as a BDC, which may hinder our ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. There can be no assurance that we will be able to (a) successfully identify, make and realize upon any particular investment or (b) achieve desired spreads and yields to maturity (or that such performance will be commensurate with the risks associated with an investment in us). Actual realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, pace of deployment, refinancings, whether such interests are held to maturity, value of the underlying assets, foreclosures, market conditions, legal and contractual restrictions, any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale. Therefore, the actual realized returns may differ materially from those obtained by other funds, accounts or investment vehicles managed by Oaktree and its affiliates and there can be no assurance that any such performance will be achieved or that losses will be avoided. 
 Changes in tax laws or tax treaties could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The jurisdictions in which we may invest impose taxes on the types of income such as dividends, interest and in some instances, capital gains. In addition, changes in the tax laws or tax treaties (or their interpretation) of the countries in which we invest may severely and adversely affect our ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains and may subject us or the stockholders to tax and return filing obligations in such countries. The tax consequences applicable to a stockholder will depend upon the particular situation of such stockholder. 
 
 41 

We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on all of our income if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 Although we have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, there can be no assurances that we will be able to qualify for and maintain RIC status. To obtain and maintain RIC status and be relieved of U.S. federal income taxes on income and gains distributed to stockholders, we must, among other things, meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, the 90 Gross Income Test and the Diversification Tests (each as defined and explained more fully in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K Business Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company. ). 
 
 If we fail to qualify for or maintain our RIC status for any reason, and we do not qualify for certain relief provisions under the Code, we would be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable U.S. state and local taxes). In this event, the resulting taxes and any resulting penalties could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of our income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions to stockholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. For additional discussion regarding the tax implications of a RIC, see Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K Business Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company. 
 
 Risks Relating to our Use of Leverage and our Credit Facilities 
 
 We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 
 Borrowings, also known as leverage, magnify the potential for loss on invested equity capital. We expect to continue to use leverage to partially finance our investments, through borrowings from banks and other lenders, which will increase the risks of investing in our Common Stock, including the likelihood of default. We borrow under our credit facilities, and may issue other debt securities or enter into other types of borrowing arrangements in the future. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause Net Asset Value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. To the extent we incur additional leverage, these effects would be further magnified, increasing the risk of investing in us. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to make Common Stock distributions or scheduled debt payments. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and we only intend to use leverage if expected returns will exceed the cost of borrowing. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 51.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under our CNB-2 Facility, 200.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under our Citibank Facility and 10.0 million of secured borrowings. These debt instruments require periodic payments of interest. The weighted average interest rate charged on our borrowings as of September 30, 2021 was 2.3 (exclusive of deferred financing costs). We will need to generate sufficient cash flow to make these required interest payments. In order for us to cover our annual interest payments on indebtedness, we must achieve annual returns on our September 30, 2021 total assets of at least 1.00 . If we are unable to meet the financial obligations under our credit facilities, the lenders under the credit facilities will have a superior claim to our assets over our stockholders. 
 
 Illustration. The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns, net of expenses. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing below. 
 
 Assumed Return on Portfolio (Net of Expenses) - 10 - 5 0 5 10 Corresponding net return to common stockholder -19.28 -10.52 -1.75 7.01 15.78 
 
 For purposes of this table, we have assumed 607.5 million in total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities), 261.0 million in debt outstanding, 346.5 million in net assets as of September 30, 2021, and a weighted average interest rate of 2.3 as of September 30, 2021 (exclusive of deferred financing costs). Actual interest payments may be different. 
 
 We are subject to certain risks associated with our credit facilities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, substantially all of our assets were pledged as collateral under our credit facilities and may be pledged as collateral under future credit facilities. If we default on our obligations under these facilities, the lenders may have the right to foreclose upon and sell, or otherwise transfer, the collateral subject to their security interests or their superior claim. 
 42 

In such event, we may be forced to sell our investments to raise funds to repay our outstanding borrowings in order to avoid foreclosure and these forced sales may be at times and at prices we would not consider advantageous. Moreover, such deleveraging of our company could significantly impair our ability to effectively operate our business in the manner in which we have historically operated. As a result, we could be forced to curtail or cease new investment activities and lower or eliminate the distributions that we have historically paid to our stockholders. 
 
 We own 100 of the equity interests in OSI 2 SPV, the borrower under the Citibank Facility. We consolidate the financial statements of OSI 2 SPV in our consolidated financial statements and treat the indebtedness of this entity as our leverage. Our interest in OSI 2 SPV is subordinated in priority of payment to every other obligation of OSI 2 SPV and is subject to certain payment restrictions set forth in the Citibank Facility. We receive cash distributions on our equity interest in this entity only if it has made all required cash interest payments to the lenders and no default exists. We cannot assure you that distributions on the assets held by OSI 2 SPV will be sufficient to make any distributions to us or that such distributions will meet our expectations. 
 
 We receive cash from OSI 2 SPV only to the extent that we receive distributions on our equity interest in such entity. OSI 2 SPV may make distributions on its equity interests only to the extent permitted by the payment priority provisions of the Citibank Facility, which generally provides that payments on such interests may not be made on any payment date unless all amounts owing to the lenders and other secured parties are paid in full. 
 
 In addition, if the lenders exercise their right to sell the assets pledged under the Citibank Facility, such sales may be completed at distressed sale prices, thereby diminishing or potentially eliminating the amount of cash available to us after repayment of the amounts outstanding under the Citibank Facility. 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial conditions or results of operations. 
 
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facilities or otherwise in an amount sufficient to enable us to repay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before it matures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling assets or seeking additional equity. We cannot assure you that any such actions, if necessary, could be effected on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or on terms that would not be disadvantageous to our stockholders or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements. 
 
 Risks Relating to our External Management 
 
 We are dependent upon our Adviser for future success. 
 
 Our success depends in substantial part on the management, skill and acumen of the Adviser and the Investment Professionals. Investment in the Common Stock is a passive investment, and stockholders have no opportunity to control our day-to-day operations, including investment and disposition decisions. The Adviser and the Investment Professionals evaluate, negotiate, structure, execute, monitor and service our investments. Subjective decisions made by Oaktree may cause us to incur losses or to miss profit opportunities on which we would otherwise have capitalized. In order to safeguard their limited liability for our liabilities and obligations, stockholders must rely entirely on the Adviser to conduct and manage our affairs. stockholders have no direct rights against third parties engaged by Oaktree in respect of us. 
 
 The Adviser s capabilities in structuring the investment process, providing competent, attentive and efficient services to us, and facilitating access to financing on acceptable terms depend on the employment of the Investment Professionals in adequate number and of adequate sophistication to match the corresponding flow of transactions. There can be no assurance that the Investment Professionals (including the Key Executives) and such other professionals will continue to be employed by Oaktree. The loss of any of the Investment Professionals and other professionals could have a material adverse effect on us. Moreover, certain of the Investment Professionals are also responsible for investing and managing the capital of certain Other Oaktree Funds, which require that such Investment Professionals devote considerable time to such Other Oaktree Funds instead of us. The Adviser may need to hire, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals to participate in the investment selection and monitoring process and may not be able to find investment professionals in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 In addition, our Adviser may resign on 60 days notice. If we are unable to quickly find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms, our 
 43 

operations are likely to experience a disruption and our ability to achieve our investment objective and pay distributions would likely be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Conflicts of interest may exist from time to time between our Adviser and certain of its affiliates involved with us, which could impact our investment returns. 
 
 Our executive officers and directors, and certain members of our Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do, or of investment funds managed by Oaktree s affiliates. For example, Oaktree presently serves as the investment adviser to OCSL. OCSL has historically invested in debt and debt-like instruments similar to those we target for investment. Therefore, there may be certain investment opportunities that satisfy the investment criteria for OCSL and us. OCSL operates as distinct and separate entity, and any investment in Common Stock will not be an investment in OCSL. In addition, all of our executive officers serve in substantially similar capacities for OCSL. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in our best interests or the best interests of the stockholders. For example, the personnel of the Adviser may face conflicts of interest in the allocation of investment opportunities to us and such other funds and accounts. 
 
 Oaktree has investment allocation guidelines that govern the allocation of investment opportunities among the investment funds and accounts managed or sub-advised by Oaktree and its affiliates. To the extent an investment opportunity is appropriate for us, OCSL or any of the Other Oaktree Funds, Oaktree will adhere to its investment allocation guidelines in order to determine a fair and equitable allocation. 
 
 We invest alongside funds and accounts managed or sub-advised by our Adviser and its affiliates in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, we may invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the staff of the SEC permitting us and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that our Adviser, acting on our behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price or terms related to price. 
 
 In addition, on October 18, 2017, our former adviser received exemptive relief from the SEC to allow certain managed funds and accounts, each of whose investment adviser is OCM or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with OCM, to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions where doing so is consistent with the applicable registered fund s or BDC s investment objective and strategies as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions of the Exemptive Relief. Each potential co-investment opportunity that falls under the terms of the Exemptive Relief and is appropriate for us and any affiliated fund or account, and satisfies the then-current board-established criteria, will be offered to us and such other eligible funds and accounts. If there is a sufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated among the participants in accordance with their proposed order size and if there is an insufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated pro rata based on the investment proposed by the applicable investment adviser to such participant, up to the amount proposed to be invested by each, which is reviewed and approved by an independent committee of legal, compliance and accounting professionals at the Adviser. Although Oaktree will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, we and the stockholders could be adversely affected to the extent investment opportunities are allocated to other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by, or affiliated with, our executive officers, directors and members of the Adviser. We might not participate in each individual opportunity, but will, on an overall basis, be entitled to participate equitably with other entities managed by Oaktree and its affiliates. Oaktree seeks to treat all clients fairly and equitably such that none receive preferential treatment vis- -vis the others over time, in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duty to each of them however, in some instances, especially in instances of limited liquidity, the factors may not result in pro rata allocations or may result in situations where certain funds or accounts receive allocations where others do not. 
 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Adviser s liability is limited and we are required to indemnify our Adviser against certain liabilities. This may lead our Adviser to act in a riskier manner in performing its duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement than it would if it were acting for its own account, and creates a potential conflict of interest. 
 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, our Administrator furnishes us with the facilities, including our principal executive office, and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. We pay our Administrator our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our Administrator or such affiliate in performing its obligations and services under the Administration Agreement, such as rent and our allocable portion of the cost of personnel attributable to performing such obligations and services, including, but not limited to, marketing, legal and other services performed by our Administrator or such affiliate for us. This arrangement creates conflicts of interest that our board of directors must monitor. 
 44 

Our Adviser may face conflicts of interest in choosing our service providers and financing sources, and certain service providers may provide services to our Adviser or Other Oaktree Funds on more favorable terms than those payable by us. 
 
 Conflicts of interest may exist with respect to the Adviser s selection of brokers, dealers and transaction agents and counterparties (collectively, Broker-Dealers and financing sources for the execution of our transactions. When engaging the services of Broker-Dealers and financing sources, the Adviser may, subject to best execution, take into consideration a variety of factors, including, to the extent applicable, the ability to achieve prompt and reliable execution, competitive pricing, transaction costs, operational efficiency with which transactions are effected, access to deal flow and precedent transactions, and the financial stability and reputation of the particular Broker-Dealer, as well as other factors that the Adviser deems appropriate to consider under the circumstances. Broker-Dealers and financing sources may provide other services that are beneficial to Oaktree and their affiliates, but that are not necessarily beneficial to us, including capital introductions, other marketing assistance, client and personnel referrals, consulting services, and research-related services. These other services and items may influence the Adviser s selection of Broker-Dealers and financing sources. 
 
 Our Incentive Fee may induce our Adviser to pursue speculative investments. 
 The fact that the Incentive Fee is based on our performance may create an incentive for Oaktree to make investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of the Incentive Fee. The way in which the Incentive Fee is determined may encourage Oaktree to use leverage to increase the return on our investments. Under certain circumstances, the use of leverage may increase our likelihood of default, which would disfavor stockholders, and could result in higher investment losses, particularly during economic downturns. 
 
 In addition, the Investment Income Incentive Fee payable to Oaktree is computed and paid on income that may include interest income that has been accrued but not yet received in cash, such as OID interest, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities and obligations. As a result, for any calendar quarter, the Investment Income Incentive Fee that is paid to Oaktree may be calculated on the basis of an amount that is greater than the amount of net investment income actually received by us for such calendar quarter. This fee structure may be considered to involve a conflict of interest for Oaktree to the extent that it may encourage Oaktree to favor debt financings that provide for deferred interest, rather than current cash payments of interest. Oaktree may have an incentive for us to invest in deferred interest securities or obligations in circumstances where it would not have done so but for the opportunity to continue to earn the Investment Income Incentive Fee even when the issuers of the deferred interest securities or obligations would not be able to make actual cash payments on such securities and obligations. Moreover, certain of the types of investments within our investment objective, such as PIK toggle debt, may result in a PIK election, which may have the simultaneous effect of increasing the assets under management, thereby increasing the Management Fee, and increasing investment income, thus increasing the Incentive Fee. 
 
 This risk could be increased because Oaktree is not obligated to reimburse us for any distributions of Incentive Fees previously received even if we subsequently incur losses or never receive in cash the deferred income that was previously accrued. Thus, while the stockholders will share in both the risks and rewards of investing in such instruments, Oaktree will not share in such risks. 
 
 In the event that losses are allocated to us for a given annual period, Oaktree is not required to reduce the Incentive Fee credited for prior annual periods. Stockholders should also be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can generally be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for the Hurdle Rate to be met or exceeded and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of Incentive Fee payable to Oaktree with respect to the Investment Income Incentive Fee without a corresponding increase in performance relative to the market as a whole. 
 
 No index will be used as a comparative measure of investment performance as a basis for calculating the Incentive Fee. 
 
 In addition, Oaktree will be entitled to the portion of the Incentive Fee for each fiscal quarter in an amount equal to a percentage of the excess of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that quarter above a threshold return for that quarter. For these purposes, Oaktree s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income excludes realized capital gains, realized capital losses, unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation that we may incur in the fiscal quarter, even if such capital losses result in a net loss for us for that quarter. Thus, we may be required to pay Oaktree the Incentive Fee for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or we incur a net loss for that quarter. If we pay an Incentive Fee of 20 of realized capital gains (net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation) and 
 45 

thereafter experience additional realized capital losses or unrealized capital depreciation, we will not be able to recover any portion of the Incentive Fee previously paid. 
 
 Our Management Fee may induce our Adviser to incur leverage. 
 Oaktree s Management Fee is based on our Gross Asset Value, including assets purchased with borrowed amounts. The Adviser may, therefore, be incentivized to increase such borrowing to increase the Management Fee. Under certain circumstances, the use of increased leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor stockholders. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with Oaktree and our other affiliates is restricted. 
 We and certain of our controlled affiliates are prohibited under the Investment Company Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our upstream affiliates, or our Adviser and its affiliates, without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities is our upstream affiliate for purposes of the Investment Company Act and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than our securities) from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of our independent directors. The Investment Company Act also prohibits joint transactions with an upstream affiliate, or our Adviser or its affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of our independent directors. In addition, we and certain of our controlled affiliates are prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to, or entering into joint transactions with, our Adviser and its affiliates, or any person who owns more than 25 of our voting securities or is otherwise deemed to control, be controlled by, or be under common control with us, absent the prior approval of the SEC through an exemptive order (other than in certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance as described below). The analysis of whether a particular transaction constitutes a joint transaction requires a review of the relevant facts and circumstances then existing. 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For example, we are not generally permitted to invest in any portfolio company in which a fund managed by Oaktree or any of its downstream affiliates (other than us and our downstream affiliates) currently has an investment, or make any co-investments with our Adviser or its affiliates, including any fund managed by Oaktree or any of its downstream affiliates (other than us and our downstream affiliates), without exemptive relief from the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. The SEC has granted our former adviser and certain of its affiliates Exemptive Relief that permits certain present and future funds advised by OCM (or a future investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with OCM), including us, to co invest in suitable negotiated investments. Co investments made under the Exemptive Relief are subject to compliance with the conditions and other requirements contained in the Exemptive Relief, which could limit our ability to participate in a co-investment transaction. On December 15, 2020, we, with the Adviser and certain other affiliates, received a modified exemptive order that allows Oaktree proprietary accounts to participate in co-investment transactions subject to certain conditions. We may also co-invest with funds managed by Oaktree or any of its downstream affiliates, subject to compliance with applicable law and regulations, existing regulatory guidance, and our Adviser s allocation policies and procedures. 
 In addition to co-investing pursuant to the Exemptive Relief, we may invest alongside affiliates or their affiliates in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and current regulatory guidance. For example, we may invest alongside such investors consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff permitting us and an affiliated person to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that we negotiate no term other than price. We may, in certain cases, also make investments in securities owned by affiliates that we acquire from non-affiliates. In such circumstances, our ability to participate in any restructuring of such investment or other transaction involving the issuer of such investment may be limited, and as a result, we may realize a loss on such investments that might have been prevented or reduced had we not been restricted in participating in such restructuring or other transaction. 
 Our Adviser or its affiliates may, from time to time, possess material non-public information, limiting our investment discretion. 
 By reason of their responsibilities in connection with us and the Other Oaktree Funds, personnel of our Adviser or its affiliates may acquire confidential or material non-public information or be restricted from initiating transactions in certain securities. Our Adviser or its affiliate, as applicable, will not be free to act upon any such information. Due to these restrictions, we may not be able to initiate a transaction that we otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to sell an investment that we otherwise might have sold. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Adviser may determine, in its sole discretion at any time, that such information could impair its ability to effect certain transactions on our behalf, whether for legal, contractual, or other reasons. Accordingly, our Adviser may elect not to receive such information. Lack of access to any such information may adversely affect our investments that in some cases may have been avoided had we or our Adviser had such information. 
 46 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 The shares of Common Stock are generally an illiquid investment. 
 Stockholders generally are not permitted to sell their shares of Common Stock prior to a Liquidity Event, if any, and Common Stock may only be Transferred with our permission. In some circumstances, stockholders are not permitted to Transfer their Common Stock without our permission for a period of time following a Qualified Listing as set forth in the Subscription Agreement. In addition, stockholders have no right to cause us to repurchase their shares of Common Stock. 
 There is a risk that our stockholders may not receive distributions or that our distributions may not grow over time. 
 We intend to pay distributions to stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure stockholders that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to sustain a specified level of cash distributions or periodic increases in cash distributions. In addition, the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC can limit our ability to pay distributions. All distributions will be paid at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of ability to be subject to tax as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and such other factors as the board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure stockholders that we will pay distributions to them. 
 In addition, although under normal circumstances, we intend to make distributions in cash, it is possible that under certain circumstances (including our liquidation), distributions may be made in kind and could consist of securities or other investments for which there is no readily available public market. 
 A stockholder s interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares of Common Stock, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us. 
 If we raise additional funds by issuing more Common Stock or by issuing senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, Common Stock, the percentage ownership of then-existing stockholders that do not participate in those transactions will decline at that time and such stockholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage of us. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Economic recessions or downturns may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could impair the ability of our portfolio companies to repay debt or pay interest. 
 Economic recessions or downturns may result in a prolonged period of market illiquidity which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavorable economic conditions, including sustained inflation, also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and negatively impact our operating results. In addition, uncertainty with regard to economic recovery from recessions or downturns could also have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 When recessionary conditions exist, the financial results of middle-market companies, like those in which we invest, typically experience deterioration, which could ultimately lead to difficulty in meeting debt service requirements and an increase in defaults. Additionally, there can be reduced demand for certain of our portfolio companies products and services and or other economic consequences, such as decreased margins or extended payment terms. Further, adverse economic conditions may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Such conditions may require us to modify the payment terms of our investments, including changes in PIK interest provisions and or cash interest rates. The performance of certain of our portfolio companies has been, and in the future may be, negatively impacted by these economic or other conditions, which may result in our receipt of reduced interest income from our portfolio companies and or realized and unrealized losses related to our investments, and, in turn, may adversely affect distributable income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Global economic, political and market conditions, including downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. 
 The current worldwide financial market situation, as well as various social and political tensions in the United States and around the world, may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the United States and worldwide financial markets and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide. The impact of downgrades 
 47 

by rating agencies to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness as well as potential government shutdowns and uncertainty surrounding transfers of power could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of additional credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns, or a recession in the United States. Although U.S. lawmakers have recently passed legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling, such action does not fully alleviate concerns about downgrades to the U.S. credit rating. For example, when U.S. lawmakers have passed legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling on multiple occasions in the past, including a suspension of the federal debt ceiling in August 2019, ratings agencies have lowered or threatened to lower the long-term sovereign credit rating on the United States. In addition, disagreement over the federal budget has caused the U.S. federal government to shut down for periods of time. Continued adverse political and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Since 2010, several European Union, or EU, countries have faced budget issues, some of which may have negative long-term effects for the economies of those countries and other EU countries. There is continued concern about national-level support for the Euro and the accompanying coordination of fiscal and wage policy among European Economic and Monetary Union member countries. In addition, the fiscal policy of foreign nations, such as Russia and China, may have a severe impact on the worldwide and U.S. financial markets. The decision made in the United Kingdom referendum to leave the EU (the so-called Brexit led to volatility in global financial markets. Despite the U.K and the EU reaching a new Trade and Cooperation Agreement in December 2020 which addresses the future relationship between the jurisdictions, at this time, the full impact of Brexit on our business operations, and on the private investment funds industry more broadly, remains uncertain. This is driven in part by the ongoing uncertainty relating to equivalence and the extent to which the EU will grant reciprocal market access to U.K firms in the financial sector. Additionally, trade wars and volatility in the U.S. repo market, the U.S. high yield bond markets, the Chinese stock markets and global markets for commodities may affect other financial markets worldwide. In addition, while recent government stimulus measures worldwide have reduced volatility in the financial markets, volatility may return as such measures are phased out, and the long-term impacts of such stimulus on fiscal policy and inflation remain unknown. We cannot predict the effects of these or similar events in the future on the U.S. and global economies and securities markets or on our investments. We monitor developments in economic, political and market conditions and seek to manage our investments in a manner consistent with achieving our investment objective, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties material to our operations. Our administrative and principal executive offices are located at 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, and, to our knowledge, no material legal proceeding is threatened against us. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 48 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 There is no public market for our Common Stock currently, nor are there any plans for one to develop. 
 Holders 
 As of December 13, 2021, there were 1,752 holders of record of our Common Stock. 
 Distributions 
 We anticipate that we will make quarterly distributions of at least 90 of our realized net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses, if any, then available for distribution, each as determined by our board of directors in accordance with applicable law and the terms of the Governing Documents. Any distributions will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. We expect quarterly distributions to be paid from income primarily generated by interest and dividends earned on our investments, although distributions to stockholders may also include a return of capital. 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain RIC qualification, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each tax year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income for that year. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we intend to distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and, (3) any undistributed ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax less certain over-distributions in prior years. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long term capital gains in excess of short term capital losses), if any, at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment, pay U.S. federal income tax on such amounts at regular corporate tax rates, and elect to treat such gains as deemed distributions to stockholders. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, to the extent that we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the Investment Company Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income and net capital gain earned in a year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income or net capital gain for distribution in the following year and pay the applicable U.S. federal excise tax. Distributions will be appropriately adjusted for any taxes payable by us or any direct or indirect subsidiary through which it invests (including any corporate, state, local, non-U.S. and withholding taxes). Any Incentive Fee to be paid to our Adviser will not be reduced to take into account any such taxes. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Except as previously reported by us on our current reports on Form 8-K, we did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Form 10-K that were not registered under the Securities Act. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Not applicable. 

49 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or the future performance or financial condition of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, where applicable, the Company , which may also be referred to as we, us or our ). The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K may include statements as to 
 
 our future operating results and distribution projections 
 the ability of Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (our Adviser or Oaktree to implement its future plans with respect to our business and to achieve our investment objective 
 the ability of Oaktree and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives 
 our expected financings and investments and additional leverage we may seek to incur in the future 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies and 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all of the foregoing. 
 In addition, words such as anticipate, believe, expect, seek, plan, should, estimate, project and intend indicate forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include 
 
 changes or potential disruptions in our operations, the economy, financial markets or political environment 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations, the operations of our portfolio companies or the economy generally due to terrorism, natural disasters or the COVID-19 pandemic 
 future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these laws and regulations by regulatory authorities) and conditions in our operating areas, particularly with respect to business development companies BDCs or regulated investment companies RICs 
 general considerations associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and 
 other considerations that may be disclosed from time to time in our publicly disseminated documents and filings. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this annual report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 Business Overview 
 We are structured as a closed-end investment company focused on lending to small-and medium-sized companies. We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act and have elected to be treated, and intend to comply with the requirements to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code ). 
 We were formed on April 30, 2018 as a Delaware corporation and are externally managed by our Adviser pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement between us and our Adviser, which was approved by our board of directors most recently on August 6, 2021. From July 9, 2018 through May 11, 2020, we were managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., an affiliate of our Adviser. We seek to invest opportunistically across asset classes and geographies, primarily in the form of senior loans, and to a lesser extent, high yield bonds, to borrowers that are in need of direct loans, rescue financings or other capital solutions or that have had challenged or unsuccessful primary offerings. Our 

50 

investment objective is to generate current income and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to achieve our investment objective without subjecting principal to undue risk of loss by investing primarily in situations where a company or its owners (a) are overleveraged or facing pressures to recapitalize, (b) are unable to access broadly syndicated capital markets, (c) are undervalued after having recently exited bankruptcy or completed a restructuring or (d) are otherwise affected by mispricings or inefficiencies in the capital markets or at different points throughout the credit cycle. We seek to generate revenues primarily in the form of interest income from the investments we hold. 
 In the current market environment, Oaktree intends to focus primarily on the following areas, in which Oaktree believes there is less competition and thus potential for greater returns, for our new investment opportunities (1) situational lending, which we define to include directly originated loans to non-sponsor companies that are hard to understand and value using traditional underwriting techniques, (2) select sponsor lending, which we define to include financing to support leveraged buyouts of companies with specialized sponsors that have expertise in certain industries, and (3) stressed sector and rescue lending, which we define to include opportunistic private loans in industries experiencing stress or limited access to capital. 
 We conducted private offerings (each, a Private Offering of shares of our common stock Common Stock to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). At each Closing of a Private Offering, each investor participating in that closing made a capital commitment (each, a Capital Commitment to purchase our Common Stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with us in connection with its Capital Commitment Subscription Agreement ). Investors were required to fund drawdowns to purchase our Common Stock up to the amount of their respective Capital Commitments on an as-needed basis with a minimum of ten calendar days' prior notice (excluding the initial drawdown for each investor). The initial closing of a Private Offering occurred on August 6, 2018 (the Initial Closing ). We commenced our loan origination and investment activities shortly after our initial capital drawdown from our non-affiliated investors (the Initial Drawdown ). The proceeds from the Initial Drawdown provided us with the necessary seed capital to commence operations. As of September 30, 2021, we completed drawdowns of 337,558,996, or 100 , of Capital Commitments from investors in connection with Private Offerings, of which 3,854,346 in Capital Commitments were made by one or more affiliates of the Adviser. 
 Business Environment and Developments 
 The rapid spread of COVID-19 in early 2020 led to disruptions in the U.S. and global financial markets. While several countries, including the U.S., have eased certain travel restrictions, business closures and social distancing measures, the U.S. and global economies continue to rapidly evolve and experience uncertainty, particularly due to recurring COVID-19 outbreaks, vaccine hesitancy and potential re-imposition of certain restrictions. The general uncertainty surrounding the dangers and long-term impact of COVID-19 have created significant disruption in supply chains and economic activity and have had a particularly adverse impact on transportation, oil-related, hospitality, tourism, entertainment and other industries. These uncertainties can ultimately impact the overall supply and demand of the market through changing spreads, deal terms and structures and equity purchase price multiples. 
 We are unable to predict the full effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or how long any further outbreaks, market disruptions or volatility might last. We continue to closely monitor the impact that this has had on our business, industry and portfolio companies, which we believe may help us identify vulnerabilities and allow us to address potential problems early and provide constructive solutions if necessary. 
 Despite the ongoing uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe attractive risk-adjusted returns can be achieved by making loans to companies in the middle market. Given the breadth of the investment platform and decades of credit investing experience of Oaktree and its affiliates, we believe that we have the resources and experience to source, diligence and structure investments in these companies and are well placed to generate attractive returns for investors. 
 As of September 30, 2021, 92.6 of our debt investment portfolio (at fair value) and 92.7 of our debt investment portfolio (at cost) bore interest at floating rates indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), and or an alternate base rate (e.g., prime rate), which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly or monthly at the borrower s option. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related decision of the U.S. Federal Reserve to reduce certain interest rates, LIBOR decreased beginning in March 2020. A prolonged reduction in interest rates will result in a decrease in our total investment income and could result in a decrease in our net investment income to the extent the decreases are not offset by an increase in the spread on our floating rate investments, a decrease in our interest expense or a reduction of our incentive fee on income. In July 2017, the head of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA announced the desire to phase out the use of LIBOR by the end of 2021. On March 5, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration, which is appointed by the FCA as the administrator of LIBOR, announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. On July 29, 2021, the U.S. Federal 

51 

Reserve, in connection with the ARRC, formally recommended the forward-looking SOFR term rates proposed by CME Group, Inc. as the replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR, marking the final step in the ARRC s Paced Transition Plan implemented to encourage the adoption of SOFR. Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR, or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, there remains uncertainty regarding the future utilization of LIBOR and the nature of any replacement rate. In anticipation of the cessation of LIBOR, we may need to renegotiate any credit agreements extending beyond the applicable phase-out date with our prospective portfolio companies that utilize LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate. Certain of the loan agreements with our portfolio companies have included fallback language in the event that LIBOR becomes unavailable. This language generally provides that the administrative agent may identify a replacement reference rate, typically with the consent of (or prior consultation with) the borrower. In certain cases, the administrative agent will be required to obtain the consent of either a majority of the lenders under the facility, or the consent of each lender, prior to identifying a replacement reference rate. Certain of the loan agreements with our portfolio companies do not include any fallback language providing a mechanism for the parties to negotiate a new reference interest rate and will instead revert to the base rate in the event LIBOR ceases to exist. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Our board of directors, with the assistance of our audit committee (the Audit Committee and the Adviser, determines the fair value of our assets on at least a quarterly basis, in accordance with the terms of FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement. The Audit Committee is comprised of independent directors. Our investments are valued at fair value. For purposes of periodic reporting, the Company values its assets in accordance with GAAP and based on the principles and methods of valuation summarized below. GAAP requires that a fair value be assigned to all assets and establishes a single authoritative definition of fair value that includes a framework for measuring fair value and enhanced disclosures about fair value measurements. 
 GAAP establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring financial instruments at fair value into three levels based on their market price observability. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of instrument and the characteristics specific to the instrument. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices from an active market or for which fair value can be measured based on actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment inherent in measuring fair value. 
 Financial assets and liabilities measured and reported at fair value are classified as follows 
 
 Level I - Quoted unadjusted prices for identical instruments in active markets to which we have access at the date of measurement. The types of investments in Level I include exchange traded equities, debt and derivatives with quoted prices. 
 
 Level II - Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are directly or indirectly observable. Level II inputs include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, prepayment risks, loss severities, credit risks and default rates. The types of investments in Level II generally include corporate bonds and loans, government and agency securities, less liquid and restricted equity investments, over-the-counter traded derivatives and other investments where the fair value is based on observable inputs. 
 
 Level III - Valuations for which one or more significant inputs are unobservable. These inputs reflect our assessment of the assumptions that market participants use to value the investment based on the best available information. Level III inputs include prices obtained from brokers in markets for which there are few transactions, less public information exists or prices vary among broker market makers. The types of investments in Level III include non-publicly traded equity, debt, real estate and derivatives. 
 
 In some instances, an instrument may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such instances, the instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest of the three levels (with Level III being the lowest) that is significant to the value measurement. The assessment of the significance of an input requires judgment and considers factors specific to the instrument. The transfer of assets into or out of each fair value hierarchy level as a result of changes in the observability of the inputs used in measuring fair value are accounted for as of the beginning of the reporting period. Transfers resulting from a specific event, such as a reorganization or restructuring, are accounted for as of the date of the event that caused the transfer. 

52 

In the absence of observable market prices, we value Level III investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. The quarterly valuation process for Level III investments begins with each portfolio company, property or security being initially valued by the Adviser's valuation team in conjunction with the investment team. The preliminary valuations are then reviewed and approved by the valuation team, the valuation committee, which consists of senior members of the investment team, and designated investment professionals as well as the valuation officer who is independent of the investment teams. The Audit Committee reviews the preliminary valuations provided by the valuation committee and makes a recommendation to our full board of directors regarding the fair value of the investments in our portfolio. Our board of directors ultimately determines in good faith the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Results of the valuation process are evaluated each quarter, including an assessment of whether the underlying calculations should be adjusted or recalibrated. In connection with this process, we evaluate changes in fair value measurements from period to period for reasonableness, considering items such as industry trends, general economic and market conditions, and factors specific to the investment. 
 Certain Level III assets are valued using prices obtained from pricing vendors or brokers. These investments are classified as Level III because the quoted prices may be indicative in nature for securities that are in an inactive market, may be for similar securities or may require adjustment for investment-specific factors or restrictions. We seek to obtain at least two quotations for the subject or similar securities, typically from pricing vendors. If we are unable to obtain two quotes from pricing vendors, or if the prices obtained from pricing vendors are not within our set threshold, we seek to obtain a quote directly from a broker making a market for the asset. However, given the nature of our portfolio, we do not expect that all of our Level III assets will be valued at least annually using prices obtained from pricing vendors or brokers. Generally, we do not adjust any of the prices received from these sources, and all prices are reviewed by us. We evaluate the prices obtained from pricing vendors or brokers based on available market information, including trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. The Adviser also performs back-testing of valuation information obtained from pricing vendors and brokers against actual prices received in transactions. In addition to ongoing monitoring and back-testing, the Adviser performs due diligence procedures over pricing vendors to understand their methodology and controls to support their use in the valuation process. 
 Non-publicly traded debt and equity securities and other securities or instruments for which reliable market quotations are not available are valued by us using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. These securities may initially be valued at the acquisition price as the best indicator of fair value. We review the significant unobservable inputs, valuations of comparable investments and other similar transactions for investments valued at acquisition price to determine whether another valuation methodology should be utilized. Subsequent valuations will depend on facts and circumstances known as of the valuation date and the application of valuation methodologies further described below under Non-Exchange-Traded Investments. The fair value may also be based on a pending transaction expected to close after the valuation date. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. Accordingly, valuations do not necessarily represent the amounts which may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments in the future. Fair values may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investment existed, and the differences could be material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Exchange-Traded Investments 
 Securities listed on one or more national securities exchanges are valued at their last reported sales price on the date of valuation. If no sale occurred on the valuation date, the security is valued at the mean of the last bid and ask prices on the valuation date. Securities that are not marketable due to legal restrictions that may limit or restrict transferability are generally valued at a discount from quoted market prices. The discount would reflect the amount market participants would require due to the risk relating to the inability to access a public market for the security for the specified period and would vary depending on the nature and duration of the restriction and the risk and volatility of the underlying securities. Securities with longer duration restrictions or higher volatility are generally valued at a higher discount. Such discounts are generally estimated based on put option models or analysis of market studies. Instances where discounts have been applied to quoted prices of restricted listed securities have been infrequent. The impact of such discounts is not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Non-Exchange-Traded Investments 
 Investments in corporate and government debt which are not listed or admitted to trading on any securities exchange are valued at the mean of the last bid and ask prices on the valuation date based on quotations supplied by recognized quotation services or by reputable broker dealers. 
 If the quotations obtained from pricing vendors or brokers are determined to not be reliable or are not readily available, we value such investments using different valuation techniques. One valuation technique is the transaction precedent technique, which utilizes recent or expected future transactions of the investment to determine fair value, to the extent applicable. The market yield technique is considered in the valuation of non-publicly traded debt investments, utilizing expected future cash flows, discounted using estimated current market rates. Discounted cash flow calculations may be adjusted to reflect current market conditions and or the perceived credit risk of the borrowers. Consideration is also given to a 

53 

borrower s ability to meet principal and interest obligations this may include an evaluation of collateral or the underlying value of the borrower, utilizing either the market or income techniques. A market technique utilizes valuations of comparable public companies or transactions and generally seeks to establish the enterprise value of the portfolio company using a market multiple technique. This technique takes into account a specific financial measure (such as EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, net operating income, net income, book value or net asset value) believed to be most relevant for the given company. Consideration may also be given to such factors as acquisition price of the security, historical and projected operational and financial results for the portfolio company, the strengths and weaknesses of the portfolio company relative to its comparable companies, industry trends, general economic and market conditions and other factors deemed relevant. The income technique is typically a discounted cash flow method that incorporates expected timing and level of cash flows. It incorporates assumptions in determining growth rates, income and expense projections, discount rates, capital structure, terminal values and other factors. The applicability and weight assigned to market and income techniques are determined based on the availability of reliable projections and comparable companies and transactions. 
 Under the market and income techniques, the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of our investments in debt or equity securities is the EBITDA, revenue or asset multiple, as applicable. Increases or decreases in the valuation multiples in isolation may result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. Under the market yield technique, the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company's investments in debt securities is the market yield. Increases or decreases in the market yield may result in a lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. 
 The valuation of securities may be impacted by expectations of investors receptiveness to a public offering of the securities, the size of the holding of the securities and any associated control, information with respect to transactions or offers for the securities (including the transaction pursuant to which the investment was made and the period of time elapsed from the date of the investment to the valuation date) and applicable restrictions on the transferability of the securities. 
 Investments made by us are, by nature, generally considered to be long-term investments and are not intended to be liquidated on a short-term basis. Additionally, these valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. Accordingly, valuations by us do not necessarily represent the amounts which may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments in the future. Estimated fair values may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investment existed, and the differences could be material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 We may estimate the fair value of privately held warrants using a Black Scholes pricing model, which includes an analysis of various factors and subjective assumptions, including the current stock price (by using an enterprise value analysis as described above), the expected period until exercise, expected volatility of the underlying stock price, expected dividends and the risk-free rate. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates. 
 With the exception of the line items entitled deferred financing costs, other assets, deferred tax liability, secured borrowings and credit facilities payable, which are reported at amortized cost, all assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities approximate fair value. The carrying value of the line items titled interest receivable, receivables from unsettled transactions, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, base management fee and incentive fees payable, due to affiliates, interest payable, and payables from unsettled transactions approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we held 575,429,432 of investments at fair value, up from 429,851,146 held at September 30, 2020, primarily due to new investment purchases and unrealized appreciation on our investment portfolio during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income on debt investments and, to a lesser extent, capital gains and distributions, if any, on equity securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Some of our investments provide for deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind PIK interest. The principal amount of the debt investments and any accrued but unpaid interest generally becomes due at the maturity date. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income, adjusted for accretion of original issue discount OID ), is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. We stop accruing interest on investments when it is determined that interest is no longer collectible. Investments that are expected to pay regularly scheduled interest in cash are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest cash payments will be collected. Cash interest payments received on investments may be recognized as income or a return of capital depending upon management s judgment. A non-accrual investment is restored to accrual status if past due principal and interest are paid in cash, and the portfolio company, in 

54 

management s judgment, is likely to continue timely payment of its remaining obligations. As of September 30, 2021, there were no investments on which we had stopped accruing cash interest and or PIK interest and or OID income. 
 In connection with our investment in a portfolio company, we sometimes receive nominal cost equity that is valued as part of the negotiation process with the portfolio company. When we receive nominal cost equity, we allocate our cost basis in the investment between debt securities and the nominal cost equity at the time of origination. Any resulting discount from recording the loan, or otherwise purchasing a security at a discount, is accreted into interest income over the life of the loan. 
 For our secured borrowings, the interest earned on the entire loan balance is recorded within interest income and the interest earned by the counterparty is recorded within interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 PIK Interest Income 
 Our investments in debt securities may contain PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, which generally represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at the end of the loan term, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. We generally cease accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or if we do not expect the portfolio company to be able to pay all principal and interest due. Our decision to cease accruing PIK interest on a loan or debt security involves subjective judgments and determinations based on available information about a particular portfolio company, including whether the portfolio company is current with respect to its payment of principal and interest on its loans and debt securities financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio company our assessment of the portfolio company's business development success information obtained by us in connection with periodic formal update interviews with the portfolio company's management and, if appropriate, the private equity sponsor and information about the general economic and market conditions in which the portfolio company operates. Our determination to cease accruing PIK interest is generally made well before our full write-down of a loan or debt security. In addition, if it is subsequently determined that we will not be able to collect any previously accrued PIK interest, the fair value of the loans or debt securities would be reduced by the amount of such previously accrued, but uncollectible, PIK interest. The accrual of PIK interest on our debt investments increases the recorded cost bases of these investments in our consolidated financial statements including for purposes of computing the capital gains incentive fee payable by us to the Adviser. To maintain our status as a RIC, certain income from PIK interest may be required to be distributed to our stockholders even though we have not yet collected the cash and may never do so. 
 As of September 30, 2021, there were no investments on non-accrual status. As of September 30, 2020, there was one investment on which the Company had stopped accruing cash and or PIK interest or OID income. 

55 

Portfolio Composition 
 As of September 30, 2021, the fair value of our investment portfolio was 575.4 million and was comprised of investments in 108 portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2020, the fair value of our investment portfolio was 429.9 million and was comprised of investments in 88 portfolio companies. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, our investment portfolio consisted of the following 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Cost Senior Secured Debt 97.57 96.05 Preferred Equity 1.28 0.03 Subordinated Debt 0.69 3.71 Common Equity & Warrants 0.46 0.21 Total 100.00 100.00 
 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Fair Value Senior Secured Debt 97.30 95.57 Preferred Equity 1.49 0.03 Subordinated Debt 0.68 3.98 Common Equity & Warrants 0.53 0.42 Total 100.00 100.00 

56 

The table below describes investments by industry composition based on fair value as a percentage of total investments 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Fair Value Application Software 18.42 17.64 Pharmaceuticals 6.08 7.21 Biotechnology 5.65 5.94 Personal Products 5.11 4.70 Industrial Machinery 3.65 1.39 Construction & Engineering 3.63 0.13 Fertilizers & Agricultural Chemicals 3.18 2.78 Internet & Direct Marketing Retail 3.08 1.26 Aerospace & Defense 2.81 1.45 Data Processing & Outsourced Services 2.74 2.45 Health Care Services 2.73 3.71 Insurance Brokers 2.57 3.01 Internet Services & Infrastructure 2.12 3.38 Home Improvement Retail 1.98 Integrated Telecommunication Services 1.90 4.02 Automotive Retail 1.85 Airport Services 1.75 1.61 Cable & Satellite 1.57 Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation 1.52 2.22 Real Estate Services 1.52 1.97 Health Care Supplies 1.42 1.84 Leisure Products 1.41 Soft Drinks 1.40 Movies & Entertainment 1.37 4.25 Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing 1.35 1.74 Independent Power Producers & Energy Traders 1.31 1.79 Electrical Components & Equipment 1.26 Real Estate Operating Companies 1.24 Other Diversified Financial Services 1.11 IT Consulting & Other Services 1.00 1.25 Health Care Technology 0.98 3.84 Metal & Glass Containers 0.97 1.86 Health Care Distributors 0.84 Communications Equipment 0.83 Home Furnishings 0.83 Specialized Finance 0.80 0.15 Diversified Support Services 0.77 2.08 Leisure Facilities 0.77 Health Care Equipment 0.76 Airlines 0.74 Interactive Media & Services 0.70 Managed Health Care 0.68 0.88 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance 0.67 Restaurants 0.59 1.73 Research & Consulting Services 0.42 Forest Products 0.34 Electric Utilities 0.27 Food Distributors 0.26 Electronic Components 0.24 0.21 Diversified Banks 0.20 Alternative Carriers 0.17 0.60 Construction Materials 0.15 0.17 Specialty Chemicals 0.13 Housewares & Specialties 0.12 Food Retail 0.04 0.11 Systems Software 2.61 Publishing 2.18 Distributors 1.95 Diversified Real Estate Activities 1.93 Hotels, Resorts & Cruise Lines 1.43 Specialized REITs 0.93 Trading Companies & Distributors 0.68 Household Products 0.31 Property & Casualty Insurance 0.25 Health Care Facilities 0.18 Multi-Sector Holdings 0.18 Total 100.00 100.00 

57 

The table below describes investments by geographic composition at fair value as a percentage of total investments 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Fair Value United States 86.07 87.29 United Kingdom 5.97 5.12 Switzerland 2.22 2.37 Luxembourg 1.70 2.38 Australia 1.37 1.19 Iceland 1.19 1.23 Chile 0.74 Singapore 0.70 Canada 0.04 0.42 Total 100.00 100.00 
 
 See the Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K for more information on these investments, including a list of companies and the type, cost and fair value of investments. 
 Discussion and Analysis of Results and Operations 
 Results of Operations 
 The principal measure of our financial performance is the net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations, which includes net investment income, net realized gains (losses) and net unrealized appreciation (depreciation). Net investment income is the difference between our income from interest income and fee income and total expenses. Net realized gains (losses) on investments is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their stated costs. Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) is the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation (depreciation) when gains or losses are realized. The net increase or decrease in net assets from operations may vary substantially from period to period as a result of various factors, including the recognition of realized gains and losses and net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation. 
 Comparison of the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 
 Investment Income 
 Total investment income for the year ended September 30, 2021 was 49,072,091 and consisted of 44,916,273 of interest income primarily from portfolio investments (including 4,150,838 of PIK interest income) and 4,155,818 of fee income. Total investment income for the year ended September 30, 2020 was 32,834,351 and consisted of 30,518,582 of interest income primarily from portfolio investments (including 1,628,775 of PIK interest income) and 2,315,769 of fee income. The increase in total investment income was primarily due to (1) a 14,397,691 increase in interest income, which was due to a larger investment portfolio and (2) a 1,840,049 increase in fee income primarily due to higher prepayment fees. Based on fair value as of September 30, 2021, the weighted average yield on our debt investments was 8.6 , compared to 7.5 as of September 30, 2020. 

58 

Expenses 
 Total expenses for the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 were 22,479,260 and 15,664,271, respectively. The increase in total expenses for the year ended September 30, 2021 was primarily due to (1) an increase in the size of our investment portfolio as compared to the prior year, which drove a 1,587,617 increase in base management fees and a 852,276 increase in interest expense as leverage increased, (2) an increase in total investment income which resulted in a 3,199,952 increase in investment income incentive fees and (3) a 1,002,310 increase in accrued capital gains incentive fees. Year ended September 30, 2021 Year ended September 30, 2020 Expenses Base management fee 5,277,116 3,689,499 Investment income incentive fee 7,155,662 3,955,710 Capital gains incentive fee 2,029,815 1,027,505 Professional fees 1,031,144 873,795 Directors fees 155,000 155,137 Interest expense 5,496,972 4,644,696 Administrator expense 418,580 470,898 General and administrative expenses 914,971 847,031 Total expenses 22,479,260 15,664,271 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 Net unrealized appreciation was 7,280,860 for the year ended September 30, 2021, primarily due to unrealized appreciation across various investments in the portfolio and foreign currency forward contracts. Net unrealized depreciation was 1,439,671 for the year ended September 30, 2020, largely due to (i) unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts and (ii) increased market volatility and wider credit spreads resulting from the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020 and the direct impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on certain of our portfolio companies. 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 Net realized gains were 2,992,242 and 6,570,831 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily due to realized gains resulting from exits of various investments in the portfolio. For the year ended September 30, 2021, net realized gains were partially offset by realized losses on foreign currency forward contracts. For the year ended September 30, 2020, of the 6,570,831 of net realized gains, 3,604,581 was driven by realized gains resulting from sales related to one investment in the portfolio. 
 Comparison of the years ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 
 The comparison of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 can be found within Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We generate cash from (1) the cash proceeds from offerings of securities, (2) cash flows from operations, including earnings on investments, as well as interest earned from the temporary investment of cash in cash-equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less, and (3) borrowings from banks and issuances of senior securities. 
 Our primary use of cash is for (1) investments in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements, (2) the cost of operations (including our expenses, the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee), (3) debt service of borrowings under our credit facilities, and (4) cash distributions to the stockholders. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, we experienced a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 7,443,071. During that period, 124,961,666 of cash was used in operating activities, primarily consisting of cash used to fund new investments, partially offset by cash proceeds from the sales and repayments of investments. During the same period, cash provided by financing activities was 117,925,820, primarily consisting of 146,000,000 of net borrowings under our credit facilities and 9,969,425 of net proceeds from secured borrowings, partially offset by distributions to stockholders of 37,238,403 and financings costs paid of 805,202. 

59 

For the year ended September 30, 2020, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of 19,667,960. During that period, 155,021,135 of cash was used in operating activities, primarily consisting of cash used to fund new investments, partially offset by cash proceeds from the sales and repayments of investments. During the same period, cash provided by financing activities was 174,799,983, primarily consisting of 22,000,000 of net borrowings under our credit facilities and 169,064,498 of net proceeds from Private Offerings, partially offset by distributions to stockholders of 15,649,588 and financings costs paid of 614,927. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 23,573,015 of cash and cash equivalents (including 4,317,968 of restricted cash), portfolio investments (at fair value) of 575,429,432, 3,196,194 of interest receivable, 251,000,000 of borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities, 9,969,425 of secured borrowings and 11,349,581 of receivables from unsettled transactions. 
 As of September 30, 2020, we had 31,016,086 of cash and cash equivalents (including 2,273,803 of restricted cash), portfolio investments (at fair value) of 429,851,146, 1,485,133 of interest receivable, 105,000,000 of borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities and 5,480,988 of net payables from unsettled transactions. 
 We may be a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. As indicated in the table below, as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 48,497,448 and 43,585,363, respectively, of unfunded commitments to provide debt and equity financing to certain of our portfolio companies. Such commitments are subject to the portfolio company's satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and may involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we have analyzed cash and cash equivalents, availability under our credit facilities, the ability to rotate out of certain assets and amounts of unfunded commitments that could be drawn and believe our liquidity and capital resources are sufficient to take advantage of market opportunities in the current economic climate. 
 Contractual Obligations Debt Outstanding as of September 30, 2020 Debt Outstanding as of September 30, 2021 Weighted average debt outstanding for the year ended September 30, 2021 Maximum debt outstanding for the year ended September 30, 2021 Citibank Facility 100,000,000 200,000,000 140,326,027 200,000,000 CNB-2 Facility 5,000,000 51,000,000 35,224,658 53,000,000 Secured Borrowings 9,969,425 5,416,513 10,000,000 Total debt 105,000,000 260,969,425 180,967,198 
 Payments due by period as of September 30, 2021 Total 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years CNB-2 Facility 51,000,000 51,000,000 Interest due on CNB-2 Facility 2,370,801 1,402,500 968,301 Citibank Facility 200,000,000 200,000,000 Interest due on Citibank Facility 14,431,034 4,338,820 8,677,640 1,414,574 Secured borrowings 9,969,425 9,969,425 Interest due on secured borrowings 70,763 70,763 Total 277,842,023 15,781,508 60,645,941 201,414,574 
 Equity Activity 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we completed drawdowns of 337,558,996, or 100 , of Capital Commitments from investors in connection with Private Offerings, of which 3,854,346 in Capital Commitments were made by one or more affiliates of the Adviser. 

60 

We have the authority under our organizational documents to issue 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 0.001 per share par value and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 per share par value. The following table summarizes total shares issued and proceeds related to capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the Subscription Agreements for our Common Stock through September 30, 2021 
 Shares Issued Price per Share Proceeds August 6, 2018 (1) 
 770,869 20.00 15,417,385 September 17, 2018 
 770,869 20.00 15,417,384 October 29, 2018 
 1,060,964 19.85 21,060,130 November 15, 2018 
 789,198 19.82 15,641,900 April 29, 2019 
 1,655,314 20.40 33,768,400 August 30, 2019 
 1,631,324 20.70 33,768,400 September 23, 2019 
 1,631,323 20.70 33,768,399 March 26, 2020 (2) 3,263,385 20.68 67,486,799 April 30, 2020 (2) 5,827,875 17.37 101,230,199 Total 
 17,401,121 337,558,996 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes 50 shares issued to one or more affiliates of the Adviser on July 23, 2018. 
 (2) For the March 26, 2020 and April 30, 2020 drawdowns, the shares issued exclude 2,418 shares and 4,318 shares related to defaulted investors. In connection with these defaults, Capital Commitments and proceeds from capital drawdowns were each reduced by 125,000. 
 Leverage 
 On July 9, 2018, our sole stockholder approved our becoming subject to a minimum asset coverage ratio of 150 as set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act. As a result of this approval, we are permitted to borrow amounts so long as our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing (if certain requirements are met). As of September 30, 2021, our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, was 232.8 , and senior securities outstanding were 261.0 million. 
 We may issue debt securities or preferred stock and or borrow additional money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted by the Investment Company Act. We have securitized and may in the future securitize a portion of our investments to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation. To securitize investments, we typically create a wholly-owned subsidiary and contribute a pool of loans to the subsidiary. We then typically sell interests in the subsidiary on a non-recourse basis to purchasers and we would retain all or a portion of the equity in the subsidiary. Our primary uses of funds are investments in our targeted asset classes and cash distributions to holders of our common stock. 
 CNB-1 Facility 
 On October 16, 2018, we entered into a revolving credit agreement (the CNB-1 Loan Agreement between us, as borrower, and City National Bank CNB ), as lender. Prior to its termination, the CNB-1 Loan Agreement provided for a senior secured revolving credit facility (the CNB-1 Facility ), of up to 60 million (the CNB-1 Facility Maximum Commitment ), in aggregate principal amount, subject to the lesser of (i) a percentage of unfunded commitments from certain classes of eligible investors in the Company and (ii) the CNB-1 Facility Maximum Commitment and had a scheduled maturity date of October 15, 2020. On May 1, 2020, we repaid all borrowings outstanding under the CNB-1 Facility, following which the CNB-1 Facility was terminated. 
 Borrowings under the CNB-1 Facility bore interest at a rate equal to (a) the LIBOR for the selected period plus 1.65 for LIBOR loans or (b) the prime rate of CNB minus 0.25 for prime rate loans. There was a non-usage fee of 25 basis points per year on the unused portion of the CNB-1 Facility, payable quarterly. 
 The CNB-1 Facility was secured by a first priority security interest, subject to customary exceptions, in (i) all Capital Commitments, (ii) our right to make capital calls, receive payment of capital contributions from investors and enforce payment of capital commitments and capital contributions under our Subscription Agreements with investors and other operative documents and (iii) a cash collateral account into which the capital contributions from investors are made. We made customary representations and warranties and were required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting 

61 

requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. Our borrowings, including under the CNB-1 Facility, were subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we had no borrowings outstanding under the CNB-1 Facility. Our borrowings under the CNB-1 Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 3.27 and 4.09 for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, we recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 1,769,383 and 2,657,341, respectively, related to the CNB-1 Facility. 
 CNB-2 Facility 
 On June 9, 2020 (the CNB-2 Closing Date ), we entered into a loan and security agreement, which was subsequently amended on March 31, 2021 (as amended, the CNB-2 Loan Agreement between us, as borrower, and CNB, as lender. The CNB-2 Loan Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility (the CNB-2 Facility of up to 60 million (the CNB-2 Facility Maximum Commitment in aggregate principal amount, subject to the lesser of (i) the borrowing base, which is an amount determined by applying different rates to eligible assets held by the Company based generally on the value of such assets and (ii) the CNB-2 Facility Maximum Commitment. The maturity date of the CNB-2 Facility is June 9, 2023. 
 Borrowings under the CNB-2 Facility bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR for the selected period (subject to a floor of 0.25 plus 2.50 . There is a non-usage fee of 50 basis points per year on the unused portion of the CNB-2 Facility, payable annually, if on any anniversary of the CNB-2 Closing Date, the average daily utilization of the CNB-2 Facility is less than 25 million over the prior 365-day period. 
 The CNB-2 Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets, including our portfolio investments but excluding those investments held in OSI 2 SPV (defined below). We have made customary representations and warranties and are required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. Our borrowings, including under the CNB-2 Facility, are subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we had 51.0 million and 5.0 million, respectively, outstanding under the CNB-2 Facility. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, our borrowings under the CNB-2 Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 2.91 and 3.32 , respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, we recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 1,302,400 and 183,244, respectively, related to the CNB-2 Facility. 
 Citibank Facility 
 On July 26, 2019 (the Citibank Closing Date ), we and OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC OSI 2 SPV ), a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of us, entered into a loan and security agreement, which was subsequently amended on September 20, 2019, July 2, 2020, December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021 (as amended, the Citibank Loan Agreement ), with the lenders from time to time party thereto and the other parties referenced below. Under the terms of the Citibank Loan Agreement, we serve as the collateral manager and seller and OSI 2 SPV serves as borrower with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as collateral agent. 
 The Citibank Loan Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Citibank Facility ), of up to 250 million (the Citibank Maximum Commitment ), in aggregate principal amount, subject to the lesser of (i) the borrowing base, which is an amount based on advance rates that vary depending on the class of assets and the value assigned to such assets under the Citibank Loan Agreement and (ii) the Citibank Maximum Commitment. The Citibank Facility has a forty-two (42) month reinvestment period (the Reinvestment Period ), during which advances may be made and matures sixty-six (66) months from the Citibank Closing Date. Following the Reinvestment Period, OSI 2 SPV will be required to make certain mandatory amortization payments. Borrowings under the Citibank Facility bear interest payable quarterly at a rate per year equal to (a) in the case of a lender that is identified as a conduit lender under the Loan Agreement, the lesser of (i) the applicable commercial paper rate for such conduit lender and (ii) the LIBOR for a three month maturity and (b) for all other lenders under the Citibank Facility, LIBOR, plus, in each case, an applicable spread. During the Reinvestment Period, the applicable spread is the greater of (i) a weighted average rate of (x) 1.65 per year for broadly syndicated loans and (y) 2.25 per year for all other eligible loans and (ii) 1.85 . After the Reinvestment Period, the applicable spread is 3.00 per year. There is also a non-usage fee of (i) 0.40 per year for the first six months following the Citibank Closing Date (the Ramp-Up Period ), and (ii) 0.50 per year thereafter, in each case, on the unused portion of the Citibank Facility, payable quarterly provided that if after the Ramp-Up Period the unused portion of the Citibank Facility is greater than 30 of the commitments under the Citibank Facility, the non-usage fee will be based on an unused portion of 30 of the commitments under the Citibank Facility. 
 The Citibank Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of OSI 2 SPV s assets. 

62 

As part of the Citibank Facility, OSI 2 SPV is subject to certain limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used and the types of loans that are eligible to be acquired by OSI 2 SPV including, but not limited to, restrictions on sector concentrations, loan size, tenor and minimum investment ratings (or estimated ratings). The Citibank Facility also contains certain requirements relating to interest coverage, collateral quality and portfolio performance, certain violations of which could result in the acceleration of the amounts due under the Citibank Facility. 
 Under the Citibank Facility, we and OSI 2 SPV, as applicable, have made customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. 
 OSI 2 SPV s borrowings are non-recourse to us but are considered borrowings of us for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the Investment Company Act. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we had 200.0 million and 100.0 million, respectively, outstanding under the Citibank Facility. Our borrowings under the Citibank Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 2.32 , 2.91 and 4.03 for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 3,999,650, 2,692,069 and 160,052, respectively, related to the Citibank Facility. 
 Secured Borrowings 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 10.0 million of secured borrowings outstanding, which were recorded as a result of certain securities that were sold and simultaneously repurchased at a premium, with amounts payable to the counterparty due on the repurchase settlement date, which is generally within 90 days of the trade date. There were no secured borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2020. We recorded 0.2 million of interest expense in connection with secured borrowings for each of the year ended September 30, 2021. Our secured borrowings bore interest at a weighted average rate of 3.23 for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Regulated Investment Company Status and Distributions 
 We anticipate that we will make quarterly distributions of at least 90 of our realized net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses, if any, then available for distribution, each as determined by our board of directors in accordance with applicable law and the terms of the Governing Documents. Any distributions will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. We expect quarterly distributions to be paid from income primarily generated by interest earned on our investments, although distributions to stockholders may also include a return of capital. 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain RIC qualification, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each tax year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income for that year. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we intend to distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and, (3) any undistributed ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax less certain over-distributions in prior years. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long term capital gains in excess of short term capital losses), if any, at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment, pay U.S. federal income tax on such amounts at regular corporate tax rates, and elect to treat such gains as deemed distributions to stockholders. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, to the extent that we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the Investment Company Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income and net capital gain earned in a year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income or net capital gain for distribution in the following year and pay the applicable U.S. federal excise tax. Distributions will be appropriately adjusted for any taxes payable by us or any direct or indirect subsidiary through which it invests (including any corporate, state, local, non-U.S. and withholding taxes). Any Incentive Fee to be paid to our Adviser will not be reduced to take into account any such taxes. 

63 

We may generate qualified net interest income or qualified net short-term capital gains that may be exempt from U.S. withholding tax when distributed to foreign stockholders. A RIC is permitted to designate distributions of qualified net interest income and qualified short-term capital gains as exempt from U.S. withholding tax when paid to non-U.S. shareholders with proper documentation. The following table, which may be subject to change as we finalize our annual tax filings, lists the percentage of qualified net interest income and qualified short-term capital gains for the year ended September 30, 2021, our most recently completed tax year end. 
 Year Ended Qualified Net Interest Income Qualified Short-Term Capital Gains September 30, 2021 61.6 34.5 

The following table reflects the distributions per share that we have paid on our common stock during the year ended September 30, 2021 
 Distribution Type Record Date Payment Date Amount per Share Cash Distribution Quarterly December 15, 2020 December 31, 2020 0.35 6,090,393 Special December 15, 2020 December 31, 2020 0.62 10,788,696 Quarterly March 15, 2021 March 26, 2021 0.35 6,090,393 Quarterly June 15, 2021 June 30, 2021 0.40 6,960,449 Quarterly September 15, 2021 September 27, 2021 0.42 7,308,472 2.14 37,238,403 
 
 The following table reflects the distributions per share that the Company has paid on its common stock during the year ended September 30, 2020 
 
 Distribution Type Record Date Payment Date Amount per Share Cash Distribution Quarterly November 7, 2019 November 21, 2019 0.29 2,409,859 Special December 13, 2019 December 30, 2019 0.32 2,659,155 Quarterly March 13, 2020 March 31, 2020 0.31 2,576,058 Quarterly June 15, 2020 June 30, 2020 0.19 3,306,213 Quarterly September 15, 2020 September 30, 2020 0.27 4,698,303 1.38 15,649,588 
 Related Party Transactions 
 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser and the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, an affiliate of the Adviser. The Adviser is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and is a subsidiary of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC. 
 Recent Developments 
 Distribution Declaration 
 On December 10, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly distribution of 0.42 per share, payable in cash on December 28, 2021 to our stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 15, 2021. Additionally, on December 10, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a special distribution of 0.38 per share, payable in cash on December 28, 2021 to our stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 15, 2021. 

64 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in the valuations of our investment portfolio and interest rates. 
 Valuation Risk 
 Our investments often do not have a readily available market price, and we value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors, with the assistance of the Audit Committee and the Adviser. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith and valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. In addition, our valuation methodology utilizes discount rates in part in valuing our investments, and changes in those discount rates may have an impact on the valuation of our investments. Accordingly, valuations by us do not necessarily represent the amounts which may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments. Estimated fair values may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investment existed, and the differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates may affect both our cost of funding and our interest income from portfolio investments, cash and cash equivalents and idle funds investments. Our risk management procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risk, to set appropriate policies and to continually monitor these risks. Our investment income will be affected by changes in various interest rates, including LIBOR and prime rates, to the extent our debt investments include floating interest rates. 
 As of September 30, 2021, 92.6 of our debt investment portfolio at fair value bore interest at floating rates. The composition of our floating rate debt investments by interest rate floor as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 was as follows 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 in thousands) Fair Value of Floating Rate Portfolio Fair Value of Floating Rate Portfolio 0 48,594,490 9.30 157,901,514 41.07 0 and 1 97,766,063 18.72 22,669,112 5.90 1 355,262,700 68.02 186,952,230 48.63 1 20,656,619 3.96 16,920,741 4.40 Total 522,279,872 100.00 384,443,597 100.00 
 Based on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2021, the following table shows the approximate annualized net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates, assuming no changes in our investment and capital structure. However, there can be no assurances our portfolio companies will be able to meet their contractual obligations at any or all levels of increases in interest rates. 
 Basis point increase Increase in Interest Income (Increase) in Interest Expense Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 250 8,911,583 (6,190,406) 2,721,177 200 6,360,044 (4,935,406) 1,424,638 150 3,808,504 (3,680,406) 128,098 100 1,346,019 (2,425,406) (1,079,387) 50 299,111 (1,170,406) (871,295) 
 
 The net effect of any decrease in interest rates is limited and would not be of significance due to interest rate floors on investments and borrowings outstanding. 
 We regularly measure exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on this review, we determine whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. The interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for all floating rate loans is indexed to the LIBOR and or an alternate base rate (e.g., prime rate), which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have 

65 

multiple interest reset periods for each loan. The following table shows a comparison of the interest rate base for our outstanding debt investments, at principal, and our outstanding borrowings as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Debt Investments Borrowings Debt Investments Borrowings Prime rate 1,097,727 1,097,727 LIBOR 30 day 135,281,414 51,000,000 236,868,831 5,000,000 60 day 884,313 90 day 259,893,962 200,000,000 101,322,531 100,000,000 180 day 79,023,702 40,118,326 360 day 20,074,643 1,243,477 EURIBOR 30 day 5,965,116 6,035,630 90 day 7,904,039 180 day 5,428,096 1,206,572 UK LIBOR 30 day 4,213,594 180 day 13,466,173 10,440,873 Fixed rate 42,102,695 9,969,425 41,127,259 Total 574,451,161 260,969,425 440,345,539 105,000,000 

66 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 72 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2021 
 73 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2020 
 83 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 91 

67 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 by correspondence with the custodians, syndication agents and underlying investee companies, and by other appropriate auditing procedures where confirmation was not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 December 14, 2021 

68 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 ASSETS Assets Investments Non-control Non-affiliate, at fair value (cost September 30, 2021 568,303,425 cost September 30, 2020 428,740,923) 575,429,432 429,851,146 Cash and cash equivalents 19,255,047 28,742,283 Restricted cash 4,317,968 2,273,803 Interest receivable 3,196,194 1,485,133 Receivables from unsettled transactions 11,349,581 1,113,367 Deferred financing costs 1,915,573 1,669,903 Derivative asset at fair value 618,004 Other assets 364,450 504,847 Total assets 616,446,249 465,640,482 LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS Liabilities Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 482,680 771,862 Base management fee and incentive fees payable 6,433,876 4,468,874 Due to affiliates 1,055,391 570,134 Interest payable 884,294 581,762 Payables from unsettled transactions 6,594,355 Derivative liability at fair value 647,889 Deferred tax liability 117,374 3,839 Secured borrowings 9,969,425 Credit facilities payable 251,000,000 105,000,000 Total liabilities 269,943,040 118,638,715 Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Net assets Common stock, 0.001 par value per share, 250,000,000 shares authorized 17,401,121 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 17,401 17,401 Preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share, 100,000,000 shares authorized none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 Additional paid-in-capital 337,337,998 337,337,998 Accumulated distributable earnings (loss) 9,147,810 9,646,368 Total net assets (equivalent to 19.91 and 19.94 per common share at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively) (Note 11) 346,503,209 347,001,767 Total liabilities and net assets 616,446,249 465,640,482 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

69 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year ended September 30, 2021 Year ended September 30, 2020 Year ended September 30, 2019 Interest income Non-control Non-affiliate investments 40,765,646 28,836,321 10,529,550 Interest on cash and cash equivalents (211) 53,486 108,057 Total interest income 40,765,435 28,889,807 10,637,607 PIK interest income Non-control Non-affiliate investments 4,150,838 1,628,775 558,051 Total PIK interest income 4,150,838 1,628,775 558,051 Fee income Non-control Non-affiliate investments 
 4,155,818 2,315,769 471,739 Total fee income 4,155,818 2,315,769 471,739 Total investment income 49,072,091 32,834,351 11,667,397 Expenses Base management fee 5,277,116 3,689,499 1,570,326 Investment income incentive fee 7,155,662 3,955,710 411,257 Capital gains incentive fee 2,029,815 1,027,505 385,550 Offering costs 642,205 Organization expenses 56,921 Professional fees 1,031,144 873,795 810,823 Director fees 155,000 155,137 105,000 Interest expense 5,496,972 4,644,696 2,817,393 Administrator expense 418,580 470,898 421,173 General and administrative expenses 914,971 847,031 740,594 Total expenses 22,479,260 15,664,271 7,961,242 Net investment income before taxes 26,592,831 17,170,080 3,706,155 Excise tax expense 14,515 Net investment income 26,592,831 17,170,080 3,691,640 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Non-control Non-affiliate investments 6,014,967 (714,223) 1,614,072 Foreign currency forward contracts 1,265,893 (725,448) 77,558 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 7,280,860 (1,439,671) 1,691,630 Realized gains (losses) Non-control Non-affiliate investments 3,915,365 6,405,079 82,402 Foreign currency forward contracts (923,123) 165,752 153,722 Net realized gains (losses) 2,992,242 6,570,831 236,124 Provision for income tax (expense) benefit (126,088) 6,367 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses), net of taxes 10,147,014 5,137,527 1,927,754 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 36,739,845 22,307,607 5,619,394 Net investment income per common share basic and diluted 1.53 1.38 0.90 Earnings (loss) per common share basic and diluted (Note 5) 2.11 1.80 1.37 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 17,401,121 12,422,418 4,094,929 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

70 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

Year ended September 30, 2021 Year ended September 30, 2020 Year ended September 30, 2019 Operations Net investment income 26,592,831 17,170,080 3,691,640 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 7,280,860 (1,439,671) 1,691,630 Net realized gains (losses) 2,992,242 6,570,831 236,124 Provision for income tax (expense) benefit (126,088) 6,367 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 36,739,845 22,307,607 5,619,394 Capital share transactions Distributions to stockholders (37,238,403) (15,649,588) (2,372,190) Issuance of common stock 168,716,998 138,007,229 Net increase (decrease) in net assets from capital share transactions (37,238,403) 153,067,410 135,635,039 Total increase (decrease) in net assets (498,558) 175,375,017 141,254,433 Net assets at beginning of period 347,001,767 171,626,750 30,372,317 Net assets at end of period 346,503,209 347,001,767 171,626,750 Net asset value per common share 19.91 19.94 20.65 Common shares outstanding at end of period 17,401,121 17,401,121 8,309,861 
 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

71 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year ended September 30, 2021 Year ended September 30, 2020 Year ended September 30, 2019 Operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 36,739,845 22,307,607 5,619,394 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation (7,280,860) 1,439,671 (1,691,630) Net realized (gains) losses (2,992,242) (6,570,831) (236,124) PIK interest income (4,150,838) (1,628,775) (558,051) Accretion of original issue discount on investments (4,913,067) (3,367,010) (883,180) Amortization of deferred financing costs 633,019 601,757 304,888 Amortization of deferred offering costs 642,205 Deferred taxes 113,535 3,839 Purchases of investments (371,570,973) (361,650,887) (287,154,230) Proceeds from sales and repayments of investments 244,149,229 233,910,031 24,405,237 Changes in operating assets and liabilities (Increase) decrease in interest receivable (1,389,264) (479,735) (917,419) (Increase) decrease in receivables from unsettled transactions (10,236,214) 4,213,068 (5,326,435) (Increase) decrease in other assets 140,397 (122,120) (157,130) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities (362,669) (569,717) 200,489 Increase (decrease) in base management fee and incentive fees payable 1,965,002 3,340,216 1,046,911 Increase (decrease) in due to affiliates 485,257 (183,531) (284,694) Increase (decrease) in interest payable 302,532 (484,141) 1,065,903 Increase (decrease) in payables from unsettled transactions (6,594,355) (45,780,577) 48,040,191 Increase (decrease) in director fees payable (26,250) Net cash used in operating activities (124,961,666) (155,021,135) (215,909,925) Financing activities Distributions paid in cash (37,238,403) (15,649,588) (2,372,190) Borrowings under the credit facilities 161,000,000 169,000,000 158,000,000 Repayments of borrowings under the credit facilities (15,000,000) (147,000,000) (75,000,000) Proceeds from secured borrowings 19,969,425 Repayments of secured borrowings (10,000,000) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 169,064,498 137,699,729 Deferred financing costs paid (805,202) (614,927) (1,107,121) Offering costs paid (122,903) Net cash provided by financing activities 117,925,820 174,799,983 217,097,515 Effect of exchange rate changes on foreign currency (407,225) (110,888) 29,268 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (7,443,071) 19,667,960 1,216,858 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 31,016,086 11,348,126 10,131,268 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 23,573,015 31,016,086 11,348,126 Supplemental information Cash paid for interest 4,561,421 4,527,080 1,446,602 Non-cash financing activities Accrued deferred financing costs 73,487 (342,000) (512,500) Reconciliation to the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2019 Cash and cash equivalents 19,255,047 28,742,283 11,079,015 Restricted cash 4,317,968 2,273,803 269,111 Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 23,573,015 31,016,086 11,348,126 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

72 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Non-Control Non-Affiliate Investments 
 (7) 109 Montgomery Owner LLC Real Estate Operating Companies First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 2 2 2023 7.50 750,674 725,811 763,057 (5)(8)(9) 725,811 763,057 A.T. Holdings II S RL Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan, 9.50 cash due 12 22 2022 12,812,000 12,733,548 12,747,940 (8)(10) 12,733,548 12,747,940 Accupac, Inc. Personal Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 17 2026 7.00 4,513,601 4,457,062 4,513,600 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 17 2026 (10,729) (5)(8)(9) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 17 2026 7.00 513,907 506,754 513,907 (5)(8)(9) 4,953,087 5,027,507 Acquia Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 10 31 2025 8.00 4,381,994 4,322,248 4,373,230 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 10 31 2025 8.00 37,488 30,931 36,551 (5)(8)(9) 4,353,179 4,409,781 ADB Companies, LLC Construction & Engineering First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.25 cash due 12 18 2025 7.25 7,716,667 7,551,815 7,628,697 (5)(8) 7,551,815 7,628,697 AI Sirona (Luxembourg) Acquisition S.a.r.l. Pharmaceuticals Second Lien Term Loan, EURIBOR+7.25 cash due 9 28 2026 7.25 5,147,000 5,634,400 5,955,154 (5)(8)(10) 5,634,400 5,955,154 Alvogen Pharma US, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.25 cash due 12 31 2023 6.25 5,082,606 4,799,993 4,920,090 (5) 4,799,993 4,920,090 Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Fixed Rate Bond 15 PIK Tranche A due 6 24 2025 3,109,198 3,047,984 3,109,198 (8)(10)(11) Fixed Rate Bond 15 PIK Tranche B due 6 24 2025 2,909,948 2,860,464 2,909,948 (8)(10)(11) 3,690 Common Shares 854,309 854,309 (8)(10) 6,762,757 6,873,455 Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies & Entertainment First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 11 26 2026 5.00 8,077,000 7,804,890 7,871,723 (5)(8)(10) 7,804,890 7,871,723 Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 8 11 2025 3.88 1,823,712 1,445,347 1,549,015 (5) 1,445,347 1,549,015 Ankura Consulting Group LLC Research & Consulting Services Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 3 19 2029 8.75 2,398,000 2,362,030 2,442,962 (5)(8) 2,362,030 2,442,962 Apptio, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.25 cash due 1 10 2025 8.25 7,129,297 7,050,240 7,018,308 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+7.25 cash due 1 10 2025 8.25 184,615 179,575 177,430 (5)(8)(9) 7,229,815 7,195,738 Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan, EURIBOR+7.25 cash due 7 14 2026 8.25 1,052,732 1,173,350 1,223,724 (5)(8)(10) First Lien Term Loan, UK LIBOR+7.25 cash due 7 14 2026 8.00 9,987,149 12,450,863 13,573,902 (5)(8)(10) 13,624,213 14,797,626 

73 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 10 17 2023 7.00 1,720,438 1,720,438 1,700,145 (5)(8)(9) 174,131 Class A Units 82,713 63,558 (8) 100,285 Preferred Units, 6 110,285 124,622 (8) 7,621 Class A Warrants (exercise price 3.3778) expiration date 9 9 2029 (8) 1,913,436 1,888,325 Associated Asphalt Partners, LLC Construction Materials First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.25 cash due 4 5 2024 6.25 913,116 809,832 847,865 (5) 809,832 847,865 Athenex, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan, 11.00 cash due 6 19 2026 12,484,249 12,075,426 12,395,611 (8)(10) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, 11.00 cash due 6 19 2026 (86,693) (44,319) (8)(9)(10) 97,205 Common Stock Warrants (exercise price 12.63) expiration date 6 19 2027 334,385 28,189 (8)(10) 12,323,118 12,379,481 Aurora Lux Finco S. .R.L. Airport Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 12 24 2026 7.00 7,387,500 7,249,544 6,951,637 (5)(8)(10) 7,249,544 6,951,637 The Avery Real Estate Operating Companies First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan in T8 Urban Condo Owner, LLC, LIBOR+7.30 cash due 2 17 2023 7.55 5,120,365 5,081,993 5,171,494 (5)(8)(9) Subordinated Delayed Draw Debt in T8 Senior Mezz LLC, LIBOR+12.50 cash due 2 17 2023 12.75 1,184,147 1,175,581 1,185,820 (5)(8)(9) 6,257,574 6,357,314 BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 6 11 2027 6.00 1,197,000 1,185,030 1,194,008 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 6 11 2027 6.00 90,000 87,103 89,250 (5)(8)(9) Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.50 cash due 6 11 2028 9.50 1,754,000 1,727,690 1,745,230 (5)(8) Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+8.50 cash due 6 11 2028 (12,769) (4,385) (5)(8)(9) 2,987,054 3,024,103 Berner Food & Beverage, LLC Soft Drinks First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 7 30 2027 7.50 8,078,034 7,940,733 7,940,707 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 7 30 2027 7.50 149,593 136,880 136,878 (5)(8)(9) 8,077,613 8,077,585 Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail First Lien Term Loan, 9.00 cash due 9 24 2023 1,277,827 1,277,827 1,277,827 (8) 415,294 Preferred Units in Unstoppable Automotive AMV, LLC 415,294 415,294 (8) 95,837 Preferred Units in Unstoppable Automotive VMV, LLC 95,837 95,837 (8) 95,837 Common Units in Unstoppable Automotive AMV, LLC 95,837 95,837 (8) 31,946 Common Units in Unstoppable Automotive VMV, LLC 31,946 31,946 (8) 1,916,741 1,916,741 Cadence Aerospace, LLC Aerospace & Defense First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash 2.00 PIK due 11 14 2023 7.50 3,155,766 3,125,999 2,898,255 (5)(8) 3,125,999 2,898,255 Chief Power Finance II, LLC Independent Power Producers & Energy Traders First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 12 31 2022 7.50 7,650,000 7,574,559 7,554,375 (5)(8) 7,574,559 7,554,375 

74 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes CITGO Holding, Inc. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 8 1 2023 8.00 649,713 632,186 642,891 (5) 632,186 642,891 CITGO Petroleum Corp. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.25 cash due 3 28 2024 7.25 7,110,606 7,039,500 7,134,320 (5) 7,039,500 7,134,320 Continental Intermodal Group LP Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+9.50 PIK due 1 28 2025 9,902,357 9,902,357 8,311,048 (5)(8) Common Stock Warrants expiration date 7 28 2025 486,258 (8) 9,902,357 8,797,306 Convergeone Holdings, Inc. IT Consulting & Other Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 1 4 2026 5.08 5,789,540 5,644,359 5,772,258 (5) 5,644,359 5,772,258 CorEvitas, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 12 13 2025 6.50 3,722,865 3,677,272 3,691,221 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 12 13 2025 6.50 709,056 693,504 697,725 (5)(8)(9) First Lien Revolver, PRIME+4.50 cash due 12 13 2025 7.75 111,500 103,307 105,814 (5)(8)(9) 401 Class A2 Common Units in CorEvitas Group Holdings, L.P. 378,610 429,503 (8) 4,852,693 4,924,263 Coty Inc. Personal Products First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+1.75 cash due 4 5 2023 (457,344) (254,080) (5)(8)(9)(10) (457,344) (254,080) CPC Acquisition Corp. Specialty Chemicals Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.75 cash due 12 29 2028 8.50 727,000 716,095 732,453 (5) 716,095 732,453 Curium Bidco S. .r.l. Biotechnology Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.75 cash due 10 27 2028 8.50 3,788,000 3,731,180 3,851,941 (5)(8)(10) 3,731,180 3,851,941 Dialyze Holdings, LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash 2.00 PIK due 8 4 2026 8.00 4,429,232 4,124,905 4,130,258 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash 2.00 PIK due 8 4 2026 (31,261) (29,961) (5)(8)(9) 993,431 Class A Warrants (exercise price 1.00) expiration date 8 4 2028 258,292 268,226 (8) 4,351,936 4,368,523 Digital.AI Software Holdings, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 2 10 2027 8.00 2,637,713 2,566,997 2,579,683 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 2 10 2027 8.00 47,339 39,724 41,090 (5)(8)(9) 2,606,721 2,620,773 DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable & Satellite First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 8 2 2027 5.75 9,000,000 8,910,000 9,015,930 (5) 8,910,000 9,015,930 EHR Canada, LLC Food Retail First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 12 31 2021 9.00 250,000 249,637 250,000 (5)(8) 249,637 250,000 Enviva Holdings, LP Forest Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 2 17 2026 6.50 1,959,339 1,939,746 1,964,238 (5)(8)(10) 1,939,746 1,964,238 

75 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Fortress Biotech, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan, 11.00 cash due 8 27 2025 2,943,000 2,803,017 2,869,425 (8)(10)(12) 85,811 Common Stock Warrants (exercise price 3.20) expiration date 8 27 2030 90,960 88,385 (8)(10) 2,893,977 2,957,810 GI Chill Acquisition LLC Managed Health Care First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 8 6 2025 3.90 1,940,000 1,930,300 1,935,150 (5)(8) Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 cash due 8 6 2026 7.63 2,000,000 1,987,852 1,990,000 (5)(8) 3,918,152 3,925,150 Gibson Brands, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 8 11 2028 5.75 1,500,000 1,485,000 1,492,500 (5) 1,485,000 1,492,500 Global Medical Response, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 3 14 2025 5.25 1,067,720 1,053,918 1,073,192 (5) First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.75 cash due 10 2 2025 5.75 3,745,001 3,683,273 3,764,194 (5) 4,737,191 4,837,386 Grab Holdings Inc. Interactive Media & Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.50 cash due 1 29 2026 5.50 3,980,000 3,876,279 4,033,053 (5)(10) 3,876,279 4,033,053 Gulf Operating, LLC Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 12 27 2021 (242,900) (26,025) (5)(8)(9) (242,900) (26,025) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 9 12 2024 7.50 2,517,618 2,487,768 2,506,876 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 9 12 2024 7.50 88,235 87,128 87,859 (5)(8) 2,574,896 2,594,735 Immucor, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 7 2 2025 6.75 2,342,678 2,307,525 2,319,251 (5)(8) Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash 3.50 PIK due 10 2 2025 9.00 5,908,637 5,822,441 5,849,551 (5)(8) 8,129,966 8,168,802 Indivior Finance S. .R.L. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.25 cash due 6 30 2026 6.00 1,995,000 1,956,371 1,988,347 (5)(10) 1,956,371 1,988,347 Intelsat Jackson Holdings S.A. Alternative Carriers First Lien Term Loan, PRIME+4.75 cash due 11 27 2023 8.00 986,227 964,264 1,001,020 (5)(10) 964,264 1,001,020 Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components & Equipment First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 3 29 2024 6.00 4,560,085 4,522,223 4,525,884 (5)(8) Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.50 cash due 9 29 2024 9.50 2,750,000 2,702,992 2,701,875 (5)(8) 7,225,215 7,227,759 INW Manufacturing, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 5 7 2027 6.50 11,850,000 11,516,219 11,613,000 (5)(8) 11,516,219 11,613,000 Itafos Inc. Fertilizers & Agricultural Chemicals First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.25 cash due 8 25 2024 9.25 5,442,000 5,231,669 5,235,204 (5)(8) 5,231,669 5,235,204 Ivanti Software, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.50 cash due 12 1 2028 9.50 7,975,000 7,753,202 7,984,969 (5)(8) 7,753,202 7,984,969 Jazz Acquisition, Inc. Aerospace & Defense First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 cash due 1 29 2027 8.50 9,509,160 9,263,766 9,490,379 (5)(8)(12) 9,263,766 9,490,379 Latam Airlines Group S.A. Airlines First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+11.00 PIK due 3 29 2022 4,208,032 4,169,586 4,238,488 (5)(8)(9)(10) 4,169,586 4,238,488 

76 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Real Estate Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 5 9 2026 5.13 8,797,500 8,710,292 8,753,513 (5)(8) 8,710,292 8,753,513 Lightstone Holdco LLC Electric Utilities First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 1 30 2024 4.75 1,902,000 1,641,216 1,578,793 (5) 1,641,216 1,578,793 LTI Holdings, Inc. Electronic Components Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.75 cash due 9 6 2026 6.83 1,396,000 1,375,156 1,394,255 (5) 1,375,156 1,394,255 Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 10 19 2027 4.75 5,909,583 5,850,488 5,933,606 (5) 5,850,488 5,933,606 Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan, 11.50 cash due 5 11 2026 2,529,720 2,483,088 2,491,774 (8)(10) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, 11.50 cash due 5 11 2026 (8)(9)(10) 2,483,088 2,491,774 MedAssets Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.75 cash due 1 29 2029 8.50 4,874,000 4,784,294 4,813,075 (5)(8) 4,784,294 4,813,075 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 7 21 2027 6.75 4,107,143 4,027,699 4,025,000 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 7 21 2027 6.75 26,429 20,807 20,807 (5)(8)(9) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 7 21 2027 (6,908) (7,143) (5)(8)(9) 4,041,598 4,038,664 Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services & Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash 1.50 PIK due 2 14 2025 8.00 7,385,581 7,304,181 7,245,255 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 2 14 2025 (8,568) (14,476) (5)(8)(9) 7,295,613 7,230,779 Mosaic Companies, LLC Home Improvement Retail First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.75 cash due 7 2 2026 7.75 11,595,000 11,374,657 11,374,695 (5)(8) 11,374,657 11,374,695 MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 2 10 2026 6.50 7,031,843 6,986,046 7,027,448 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 2 10 2026 (8,232) (145) (5)(8)(9) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 2 10 2026 (4,612) (288) (5)(8)(9) 6,973,202 7,027,015 Navisite, LLC Data Processing & Outsourced Services Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.50 cash due 12 30 2026 9.50 7,779,000 7,642,947 7,646,757 (5)(8) 7,642,947 7,646,757 NeuAG, LLC Fertilizers & Agricultural Chemicals First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash 7.00 PIK due 9 11 2024 7.00 13,405,671 13,038,932 13,110,746 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash 7.00 PIK due 9 11 2024 (62,040) (34,122) (5)(8)(9) 12,976,892 13,076,624 NN, Inc. Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.88 cash due 9 19 2026 7.88 14,802,615 14,468,636 14,580,576 (5)(8)(10) 14,468,636 14,580,576 

77 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes OEConnection LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 9 25 2026 4.08 9,324,115 9,281,397 9,312,460 (5) 9,281,397 9,312,460 Olaplex, Inc. Personal Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.25 cash due 1 8 2026 7.25 11,546,327 11,392,153 11,459,729 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.25 cash due 1 8 2025 (13,422) (16,108) (5)(8)(9) 11,378,731 11,443,621 OTG Management, LLC Airport Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+10.00 cash due 9 1 2025 11.00 3,205,000 3,142,216 3,140,900 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+10.00 cash due 9 1 2025 (5,979) (6,104) (5)(8)(9) 3,136,237 3,134,796 Park Place Technologies, LLC Internet Services & Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 11 10 2027 6.00 4,975,000 4,800,895 4,980,696 (5) 4,800,895 4,980,696 Performance Health Holdings, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 7 12 2027 7.00 4,915,000 4,820,334 4,816,700 (5)(8) 4,820,334 4,816,700 Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.25 cash due 12 18 2028 8.00 9,872,000 9,723,920 9,896,680 (5)(8) 9,723,920 9,896,680 PLNTF Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 3 22 2026 9.00 4,408,845 4,329,641 4,430,889 (5)(8) 4,329,641 4,430,889 Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 4 6 2027 9.00 15,361,250 15,076,598 15,069,387 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 4 6 2027 (19,440) (20,101) (5)(8)(9) 15,057,158 15,049,286 PRGX Global, Inc. Data Processing & Outsourced Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.75 cash due 3 3 2026 7.75 8,256,663 8,110,702 8,118,504 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.75 cash due 3 3 2026 (10,773) (10,197) (5)(8)(9) 19,485 Class B Common Units 19,485 19,485 (8) 8,119,414 8,127,792 ProFrac Services, LLC Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.50 cash due 9 15 2023 9.75 1,176,313 1,171,701 1,164,550 (5)(8) 1,171,701 1,164,550 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Application Software Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 5 31 2027 8.08 1,500,000 1,500,000 1,492,500 (5)(8) 1,500,000 1,492,500 Quantum Bidco Limited Food Distributors First Lien Term Loan, UK LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 29 2028 6.11 1,125,000 1,486,303 1,501,725 (5)(10) 1,486,303 1,501,725 Relativity ODA LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 PIK due 5 12 2027 5,601,876 5,474,760 5,484,237 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 5 12 2027 (12,712) (11,418) (5)(8)(9) 5,462,048 5,472,819 Renaissance Holding Corp. Diversified Banks Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 5 29 2026 7.08 1,138,000 1,129,465 1,144,401 (5) 1,129,465 1,144,401 

78 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes RumbleOn, Inc. Automotive Retail First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.25 cash due 8 31 2026 9.25 9,192,486 8,616,072 8,613,359 (5)(8)(10) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+8.25 cash due 8 31 2026 (247,035) (248,197) (5)(8)(9)(10) 39,794 Class B Common Stock Warrants (exercise price 33.00) expiration date 2 28 2023 290,496 375,257 (8)(10) 8,659,533 8,740,419 Sabert Corporation Metal & Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.50 cash due 12 10 2026 5.50 2,727,699 2,700,422 2,737,928 (5) 2,700,422 2,737,928 Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals Fixed Rate Zero Coupon Bond due 8 15 2026 1,153,753 976,809 1,075,413 (8) 976,809 1,075,413 SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal & Glass Containers Subordinated Debt, 11.25 cash due 2 28 2022 2,883,000 2,749,617 2,724,435 (8) Subordinated Delayed Draw Debt, 11.25 cash due 2 28 2022 (19,881) (21,623) (8)(9) Common Stock Warrants (exercise price 0.75) expiration date 7 31 2028 123,557 124,249 (8) 2,853,293 2,827,061 Sirva Worldwide, Inc. Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 8 4 2025 5.58 434,731 428,210 410,958 (5) 428,210 410,958 SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 4 16 2029 8.75 2,925,000 2,881,125 2,946,938 (5)(8) 2,881,125 2,946,938 Sorenson Communications, LLC Communications Equipment First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 3 17 2026 6.25 4,746,200 4,698,738 4,784,763 (5) 4,698,738 4,784,763 Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology 25,600 Common Stock Units 63,040 122,080 (10) 63,040 122,080 Star US Bidco LLC Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 3 17 2027 5.25 5,221,148 4,961,750 5,242,920 (5) 4,961,750 5,242,920 SumUp Holdings Luxembourg S. .R.L. Other Diversified Financial Services First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, EURIBOR+8.50 cash due 3 10 2026 10.00 5,637,867 6,559,321 6,415,445 (5)(8)(9)(10) 6,559,321 6,415,445 Sunland Asphalt & Construction, LLC Construction & Engineering First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 13 2026 7.00 11,720,960 11,519,948 11,556,867 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 13 2022 7.00 55,236 44,849 46,122 (5)(8)(9) 11,564,797 11,602,989 Supermoose Borrower, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 8 29 2025 3.88 2,894,861 2,634,239 2,699,009 (5) 2,634,239 2,699,009 SVP-Singer Holdings Inc. Home Furnishings First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.75 cash due 7 28 2028 7.50 5,072,000 4,723,943 4,771,890 (5)(8) 4,723,943 4,771,890 Tacala, LLC Restaurants Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 cash due 2 4 2028 8.25 3,394,977 3,347,525 3,396,250 (5) 3,347,525 3,396,250 Tecta America Corp. Construction & Engineering Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.50 cash due 4 9 2029 9.25 1,671,000 1,645,935 1,671,000 (5)(8) 1,645,935 1,671,000 

79 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Telestream Holdings Corporation Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.75 cash due 10 15 2025 9.75 5,275,138 5,194,678 5,201,286 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+8.75 cash due 10 15 2025 9.75 140,280 132,091 133,266 (5)(8)(9) 5,326,769 5,334,552 TerSera Therapeutics LLC Pharmaceuticals Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+10.00 cash due 3 30 2026 11.00 6,100,000 5,951,995 6,148,666 (5)(8) 5,951,995 6,148,666 Thermacell Repellents, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 12 4 2026 6.75 6,636,042 6,602,572 6,603,150 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 12 4 2026 (4,167) (4,167) (5)(8)(9) 6,598,405 6,598,983 Thrasio, LLC Internet & Direct Marketing Retail First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 12 18 2026 8.00 9,796,366 9,568,725 9,747,384 (5)(8) 2,182 Shares of Series C-3 Preferred Stock in Thrasio Holdings, Inc. 26,665 44,186 (8) 73,648 Shares of Series C-2 Preferred Stock in Thrasio Holdings, Inc. 600,000 1,491,376 (8) 6,000 Shares of Series X Preferred Stock in Thrasio Holdings, Inc. 6,000,300 6,414,321 (8)(9) 16,195,690 17,697,267 TIBCO Software Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.25 cash due 3 3 2028 7.34 1,394,000 1,379,054 1,411,774 (5) 1,379,054 1,411,774 Velocity Commercial Capital, LLC Thrifts & Mortgage Finance First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 2 5 2026 9.00 3,850,058 3,748,666 3,830,807 (5)(8) 3,748,666 3,830,807 Veritas US Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 9 1 2025 6.00 7,425,141 7,307,798 7,469,209 (5) 7,307,798 7,469,209 Verscend Holding Corp. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 8 27 2025 4.08 834,184 818,972 836,440 (5) 818,972 836,440 Virgin Pulse, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.25 cash due 4 6 2029 8.00 1,540,000 1,524,600 1,543,850 (5) 1,524,600 1,543,850 Win Brands Group LLC Housewares & Specialties First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+9.00 cash 5.00 PIK due 1 22 2026 10.00 652,012 645,632 648,752 (5)(8) 62 Class F Warrants in Brand Value Growth LLC (exercise price 0.01) expiration date 1 25 2027 41,013 (8) 645,632 689,765 Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.25 cash due 9 21 2027 7.25 10,861,810 10,490,500 10,928,339 (5) 10,490,500 10,928,339 WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace & Defense First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 4 30 2025 4.75 3,893,225 3,877,791 3,799,535 (5) 3,877,791 3,799,535 WPEngine, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 3 27 2026 7.50 14,623,000 14,349,695 14,434,364 (5)(8) 14,349,695 14,434,364 Zephyr Bidco Limited Specialized Finance Second Lien Term Loan, UK LIBOR+7.50 cash due 7 23 2026 7.55 2,000,000 2,585,581 2,689,958 (5)(10) 2,585,581 2,689,958 

80 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Total Non-Control Non-Affiliate Investments (166.1 of net assets) 568,303,425 575,429,432 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (6.8 of net assets) 23,573,015 23,573,015 Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (172.9 of net assets) 591,876,440 599,002,447 
 Derivative Instrument Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Counterparty Cumulative Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract 13,551,234 11,534,208 11 12 2021 Bank of New York Mellon 173,075 Foreign currency forward contract 17,392,336 12,568,533 11 12 2021 Bank of New York Mellon 444,929 618,004 

81 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

(1) All debt investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. All equity investments are non-income producing unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) See Note 3 in the accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for portfolio composition by geographic region. 
 (3) Interest rates may be adjusted from period to period on certain term loans and revolvers. These rate adjustments may be either temporary in nature due to tier pricing arrangements or financial or payment covenant violations in the original credit agreements or permanent in nature per loan amendment or waiver documents. 
 (4) Each of the Company's investments is pledged as collateral under one or more of its credit facilities. A single investment may be divided into parts that are individually pledged as collateral to separate credit facilities. 
 (5) The interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for all floating rate loans is indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and or an alternate base rate (e.g., prime rate), which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these loans, the Company has provided the applicable margin over LIBOR or the alternate base rate based on each respective credit agreement and the cash interest rate as of period end. All LIBOR shown above is in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. As of September 30, 2021, the reference rates for the Company's variable rate loans were the 30-day LIBOR at 0.08 , the 60-day LIBOR at 0.11 , the 90-day LIBOR at 0.13 , the 180-day LIBOR at 0.16 , the 360-day LIBOR at 0.24 , the PRIME at 3.25 , the 30-day UK LIBOR at 0.05 , the 180-day UK LIBOR at 0.09 , the 30-day EURIBOR at (0.57) , the 90-day EURIBOR at (0.56) and the 180-day EURIBOR at (0.53) . Most loans include an interest floor, which generally ranges from 0 to 1 . 
 (6) Principal includes accumulated payment in kind PIK interest and is net of repayments, if any. signifies the investment is denominated in Euros. signifies the investment is denominated in British Pounds. All other investments are denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 (7) Non-Control Non-Affiliate Investments are investments that are neither Control Investments nor Affiliate Investments. Control Investments generally are defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as investments in companies in which the Company owns more than 25 of the voting securities and or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of the company. Affiliate Investments generally are defined by the Investment Company Act as investments in companies in which the Company owns between 5 and 25 of the voting securities. 
 (8) As of September 30, 2021, these investments are categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy established by Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 and were valued using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (9) Investment has undrawn commitments. Unamortized fees are classified as unearned income which reduces cost basis, which may result in a negative cost basis. A negative fair value may result from the unfunded commitment being valued below par. 
 (10) Investment is not a qualifying asset as defined under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act. Under the Investment Company Act, the Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company's total assets. As of September 30, 2021, qualifying assets represented 79.8 of the Company's total assets and non-qualifying assets represented 20.2 of the Company's total assets. 
 (11) Payment-in-kind PIK interest income for this investment accrues at an annualized rate of 15 , however, the PIK interest is not contractually capitalized on the investment subsequent to a restructuring that occurred during the year ended September 30, 2021. As a result, the principal amount of the investment does not increase over time for accumulated PIK interest. As of September 30, 2021, the accumulated PIK interest balance for each of the Alvotech Holdings S.A. Alvotech A notes and the B notes was 0.1 million. The fair value of this investment is inclusive of PIK. 
 (12) The sale of all or a portion of this investment did not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing ASC 860 ), and therefore the investment remains on the Company's Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2021. See Note 6 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

82 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Non-Control Non-Affiliate Investments 
 (7) A.T. Holdings II S RL Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan, 12.00 cash due 4 27 2023 8,160,000 8,160,000 9,547,200 (8)(10) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, 12.00 cash due 4 27 2023 544,000 544,000 641,920 (8)(9)(10) 8,704,000 10,189,120 Access CIG, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 2 27 2025 3.91 7,474,804 7,420,203 7,331,175 (5) 7,420,203 7,331,175 Accupac, Inc. Personal Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 17 2026 7.00 4,559,424 4,489,026 4,559,424 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 17 2026 (13,225) (5)(8)(9) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 1 17 2026 7.00 571,008 562,191 571,008 (5)(8) 5,037,992 5,130,432 Acquia Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 10 31 2025 8.00 4,381,994 4,307,622 4,287,781 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 10 31 2025 (8,163) (10,075) (5)(8)(9) 4,299,459 4,277,706 AI Sirona (Luxembourg) Acquisition S.a.r.l. Pharmaceuticals Second Lien Term Loan, EURIBOR+7.25 cash due 9 28 2026 7.25 5,147,000 5,615,605 5,892,283 (5)(8)(10) 5,615,605 5,892,283 Airbnb, Inc. Hotels, Resorts & Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 cash due 4 17 2025 8.50 5,678,768 5,547,333 6,161,463 (5) 5,547,333 6,161,463 Aldevron, L.L.C. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 10 12 2026 5.25 5,459,283 5,415,785 5,470,639 (5) 5,415,785 5,470,639 Algeco Scotsman Global Finance Plc Construction & Engineering Fixed Rate Bond, 8.00 cash due 2 15 2023 566,000 574,355 563,518 (10) 574,355 563,518 Alvogen Pharma US, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.25 cash due 12 31 2023 6.25 2,646,943 2,363,107 2,563,127 (5)(8) 2,363,107 2,563,127 Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Fixed Rate Bond 15 PIK Note A due 12 13 2023 2,000,000 2,546,909 2,695,778 (8)(10)(11) Fixed Rate Bond 15 PIK Note B due 12 13 2023 2,000,000 2,546,909 2,591,649 (8)(10)(11) 5,093,818 5,287,427 Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies & Entertainment First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 11 26 2026 4.75 5,970,000 5,910,300 5,134,200 (5)(8)(10) 5,910,300 5,134,200 Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 8 11 2025 1,842,513 1,491,750 813,580 (5)(12) 1,491,750 813,580 Apptio, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.25 cash due 1 10 2025 8.25 7,129,297 7,026,133 6,989,242 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+7.25 cash due 1 10 2025 (6,578) (9,067) (5)(8)(9) 7,019,555 6,980,175 

83 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan, EURIBOR+7.50 cash due 7 14 2026 8.50 1,028,928 1,138,894 1,171,582 (5)(8)(10) First Lien Term Loan, UK LIBOR+7.50 cash due 7 14 2026 8.25 8,076,170 9,826,368 10,138,087 (5)(8)(10) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, UK LIBOR+7.50 cash due 7 14 2026 (5)(8)(9)(10) Fixed Rate Bond, 11.50 cash due 1 15 2027 1,588,000 1,572,120 1,611,820 (10) 12,537,382 12,921,489 Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 10 17 2023 7.00 507,309 507,309 454,090 (5)(8)(9) 174,131 Class A Units 82,713 52,239 (8) 100,285 Preferred Units, 6 110,285 118,004 (8) 7,621 Class A Warrants (exercise price 3.3778) expiration date 9 9 2029 (8) 700,307 624,333 Associated Asphalt Partners, LLC Construction Materials First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.25 cash due 4 5 2024 6.25 921,290 775,603 747,977 (5) 775,603 747,977 Asurion, LLC Property & Casualty Insurance Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 8 4 2025 6.65 1,071,848 1,074,144 1,075,755 (5) 1,074,144 1,075,755 Athenex, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan, 11.00 cash due 6 19 2026 10,403,541 9,956,839 10,325,514 (8)(10) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, 11.00 cash due 6 19 2026 (117,157) (62,421) (8)(9)(10) 97,205 Common Stock Warrants (exercise price 12.63) expiration date 6 19 2027 334,385 286,755 (8)(10) 10,174,067 10,549,848 Aurora Lux Finco S. .R.L. Airport Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.00 cash due 12 24 2026 7.00 7,462,500 7,296,513 6,940,125 (5)(8)(10) 7,296,513 6,940,125 Ball Metalpack Finco, LLC Metal & Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.50 cash due 7 31 2025 4.76 570,830 568,843 551,422 (5)(8) 568,843 551,422 BCP Renaissance Parent L.L.C. Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.50 cash due 10 31 2024 4.50 426,906 406,271 397,691 (5) 406,271 397,691 Boxer Parent Company Inc. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 10 2 2025 4.40 8,486,987 8,341,896 8,260,342 (5) 8,341,896 8,260,342 BX Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-VIVA Diversified Real Estate Activities Class D Variable Notes due 3 9 2044 3.67 6,182,239 5,160,955 5,638,202 (5)(8)(10) Class E Variable Notes due 3 9 2044 3.67 3,062,761 2,366,106 2,656,333 (5)(8)(10) 7,527,061 8,294,535 Cadence Aerospace, LLC Aerospace & Defense First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.25 cash 5.25 PIK due 11 14 2023 4.25 3,031,817 3,001,900 2,784,421 (5)(8) 3,001,900 2,784,421 

84 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. Restaurants First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.25 cash due 4 30 2026 7.25 4,978,523 4,731,295 4,941,184 (5) 4,731,295 4,941,184 Chief Power Finance II, LLC Independent Power Producers & Energy Traders First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 12 31 2022 7.50 8,075,000 7,931,626 7,691,438 (5)(8) 7,931,626 7,691,438 CITGO Holding, Inc. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash due 8 1 2023 8.00 656,343 628,977 618,810 (5) 628,977 618,810 CITGO Petroleum Corp. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 3 28 2024 6.00 7,183,535 7,111,700 6,842,317 (5) 7,111,700 6,842,317 Connect U.S. Finco LLC Alternative Carriers First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.50 cash due 12 11 2026 5.50 1,618,923 1,581,789 1,573,399 (5)(10) 1,581,789 1,573,399 Continental Intermodal Group LP Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+9.50 PIK due 1 28 2025 8,906,534 8,906,534 7,830,625 (5)(8) Common Stock Warrants expiration date 7 28 2025 601,898 (8) 8,906,534 8,432,523 Convergeone Holdings, Inc. IT Consulting & Other Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 1 4 2026 5.15 5,848,920 5,667,844 5,386,505 (5) 5,667,844 5,386,505 Corrona, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 12 13 2025 6.50 3,760,757 3,703,741 3,706,978 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 12 13 2025 (11,699) (19,119) (5)(8)(9) First Lien Revolver, PRIME+4.50 cash due 12 13 2025 7.75 111,500 101,357 101,933 (5)(8)(9) 401 Class A2 Common Units in Corrona Group Holdings, L.P. 378,610 378,610 (8) 4,172,009 4,168,402 CTOS, LLC Trading Companies & Distributors First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 4 18 2025 4.40 2,939,810 2,956,400 2,919,599 (5) 2,956,400 2,919,599 Dcert Buyer, Inc. Internet Services & Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 10 16 2026 4.15 7,960,000 7,940,100 7,879,166 (5) 7,940,100 7,879,166 Dealer Tire, LLC Distributors First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 12 12 2025 4.40 8,566,819 8,460,606 8,395,483 (5) 8,460,606 8,395,483 EHR Canada, LLC Food Retail First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 12 4 2020 9.00 457,407 456,711 466,555 (5)(8) 456,711 466,555 eResearch Technology, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.50 cash due 2 4 2027 5.50 3,990,000 3,950,100 3,979,187 (5) 3,950,100 3,979,187 Fortress Biotech, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan, 11.00 cash due 8 27 2025 2,943,000 2,765,443 2,788,493 (8)(10) 85,811 Common Stock Warrants (exercise price 3.20) expiration date 8 27 2030 90,960 147,595 (8)(10) 2,856,403 2,936,088 Frontier Communications Corporation Integrated Telecommunication Services Fixed Rate Bond, 8.50 cash due 4 1 2026 2,216,000 2,077,839 2,238,160 2,077,839 2,238,160 

85 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes GI Chill Acquisition LLC Managed Health Care First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 8 6 2025 4.22 1,960,000 1,950,200 1,925,700 (5)(8) Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 cash due 8 6 2026 7.72 2,000,000 1,985,347 1,870,000 (5)(8) 3,935,547 3,795,700 Global Medical Response, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 3 14 2025 5.25 1,078,814 1,060,828 1,049,146 (5) First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.75 cash due 10 2 2025 5.75 3,773,300 3,697,834 3,695,476 (5) 4,758,662 4,744,622 Gulf Operating, LLC Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.25 cash due 8 25 2023 6.25 974,423 552,330 691,436 (5) 552,330 691,436 Helios Software Holdings, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 10 24 2025 4.52 2,977,267 2,947,495 2,941,927 (5) 2,947,495 2,941,927 iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 9 12 2024 7.50 1,671,765 1,649,272 1,658,391 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 9 12 2024 (1,482) (706) (5)(8)(9) 1,647,790 1,657,685 Immucor, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 7 2 2025 6.75 2,366,402 2,321,432 2,319,074 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+5.75 cash due 7 2 2025 (3,757) (3,954) (5)(8)(9) Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash 3.50 PIK due 10 2 2025 9.00 5,703,532 5,595,816 5,589,461 (5)(8) 7,913,491 7,904,581 Intelsat Jackson Holdings S.A. Alternative Carriers First Lien Term Loan, PRIME+4.75 cash due 11 27 2023 8.00 986,227 954,078 994,442 (5)(10) 954,078 994,442 KIK Custom Products Inc. Household Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 5 15 2023 5.00 1,330,425 1,287,373 1,325,423 (5)(10) 1,287,373 1,325,423 Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Real Estate Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 5 9 2026 5.15 8,887,500 8,780,169 8,487,563 (5)(8) 8,780,169 8,487,563 LogMeIn, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.75 cash due 8 31 2027 4.91 6,000,000 5,850,886 5,810,640 (5) Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+9.00 cash due 8 31 2028 9.16 3,289,000 3,125,399 3,272,555 (5) 8,976,285 9,083,195 LTI Holdings, Inc. Electronic Components Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.75 cash due 9 6 2026 6.90 1,000,000 1,000,000 887,000 (5) 1,000,000 887,000 Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 8 1 2025 5.25 1,274,000 1,261,260 1,277,185 (5)(8) 1,261,260 1,277,185 Mauser Packaging Solutions Holding Company Metal & Glass Containers Fixed Rate Bond, 8.50 cash due 4 15 2024 4,482,000 4,440,731 4,661,280 4,440,731 4,661,280 Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services & Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.00 cash 1.5 PIK due 2 14 2025 8.00 7,274,318 7,168,802 6,706,921 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 2 14 2025 (11,107) (60,190) (5)(8)(9) 7,157,695 6,646,731 MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 2 10 2026 6.50 5,211,063 5,164,802 5,085,138 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 2 10 2026 (20,812) (51,144) (5)(8)(9) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 2 10 2026 (4,612) (11,145) (5)(8)(9) 5,139,378 5,022,849 

86 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Navicure, Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 10 22 2026 4.15 7,589,860 7,277,744 7,436,507 (5) 7,277,744 7,436,507 NeuAG, LLC Fertilizers & Agricultural Chemicals First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash 7.00 PIK due 9 11 2024 7.00 12,494,992 12,003,849 11,995,192 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash 7.00 PIK due 9 11 2024 (62,040) (62,040) (5)(8)(9) 11,941,809 11,933,152 Northwest Fiber, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 4 30 2027 5.66 4,384,013 4,226,498 4,389,493 (5) 4,226,498 4,389,493 NuStar Logistics, L.P. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing Unsecured Delayed Draw Term Loan, 12.00 cash due 4 19 2023 (8)(9) OEConnection LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 9 25 2026 4.15 8,852,234 8,809,281 8,752,647 (5) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 9 25 2026 (2,488) (6,304) (5)(9) 8,806,793 8,746,343 Olaplex, Inc. Personal Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 1 8 2026 7.50 9,381,250 9,216,479 9,381,250 (5)(8) First Lien Revolver, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 1 8 2025 7.50 513,000 495,479 513,000 (5)(8)(9) 9,711,958 9,894,250 OZLM Funding III, Ltd. Multi-Sector Holdings Class DR Notes, LIBOR+7.77 cash due 1 22 2029 8.03 835,000 598,367 765,132 (5)(10) 598,367 765,132 P & L Development, LLC Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 cash due 6 28 2024 9.50 4,053,488 3,976,882 4,033,220 (5)(8) 3,976,882 4,033,220 PaySimple, Inc. Data Processing & Outsourced Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 8 23 2025 5.65 10,897,661 10,716,366 10,516,243 (5)(8) 10,716,366 10,516,243 ProFrac Services, LLC Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 cash due 9 15 2023 8.75 1,243,477 1,236,109 954,369 (5)(8) 1,236,109 954,369 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Application Software Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 5 9 2027 8.15 1,500,000 1,500,000 1,350,000 (5)(8) 1,500,000 1,350,000 Pug LLC Internet & Direct Marketing Retail First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.00 cash due 2 12 2027 8.75 5,570,000 5,237,942 5,416,825 (5) 5,237,942 5,416,825 Recorded Books Inc. Publishing First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.00 cash due 8 29 2025 4.16 7,417,467 7,381,464 7,380,379 (5) First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 8 31 2025 4.75 2,000,000 1,980,000 1,980,000 (5) 9,361,464 9,360,379 Sabert Corporation Metal & Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.50 cash due 12 10 2026 5.50 2,828,250 2,799,968 2,790,549 (5) 2,799,968 2,790,549 

87 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals Fixed Rate Zero Coupon Bond due 8 15 2026 2,337,718 1,810,344 1,870,175 (8) 1,810,344 1,870,175 Signify Health, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.50 cash due 12 23 2024 5.50 6,893,939 6,841,863 6,652,652 (5) 6,841,863 6,652,652 Sirva Worldwide, Inc. Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 8 4 2025 5.65 1,912,500 1,883,813 1,596,938 (5) 1,883,813 1,596,938 Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology 40,000 Common Stock Warrants (exercise price 3.94) expiration date 11 3 2029 359,200 (8)(10) 359,200 Star US Bidco LLC Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 3 17 2027 5.25 5,274,020 4,971,359 5,036,689 (5) 4,971,359 5,036,689 Sunshine Luxembourg VII SARL Personal Products First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.25 cash due 10 1 2026 5.25 4,372,943 4,236,816 4,356,894 (5)(10) 4,236,816 4,356,894 Supermoose Borrower, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 8 29 2025 3.90 2,924,628 2,594,025 2,636,742 (5) 2,594,025 2,636,742 Surgery Center Holdings, Inc. Health Care Facilities First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.25 cash due 9 3 2024 4.25 820,056 642,365 775,293 (5)(10) 642,365 775,293 Tacala, LLC Restaurants Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.50 cash due 2 4 2028 7.65 2,647,000 2,606,482 2,511,341 (5) 2,606,482 2,511,341 TerSera Therapeutics LLC Pharmaceuticals Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+10.00 cash due 3 30 2026 11.00 6,100,000 5,919,074 6,100,000 (5)(8) 5,919,074 6,100,000 TIBCO Software Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.75 cash due 6 30 2026 3.90 9,413,677 9,422,515 9,213,636 (5) Second Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+7.25 cash due 3 3 2028 7.40 3,278,000 3,261,610 3,226,781 (5) 12,684,125 12,440,417 Transact Holdings Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.75 cash due 4 30 2026 4.90 7,920,000 7,801,200 7,489,390 (5)(8) 7,801,200 7,489,390 Uniti Fiber Holdings Inc. Specialized REITs Fixed Rate Bond, 7.88 cash due 2 15 2025 2,073,000 2,073,000 2,199,971 (10) Fixed Rate Bond, 8.25 cash due 10 15 2023 1,814,000 1,735,726 1,790,191 (10) 3,808,726 3,990,162 U.S. Renal Care, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.00 cash due 6 26 2026 5.15 404,932 337,218 395,669 (5) 337,218 395,669 Veritas US Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+5.50 cash due 9 1 2025 6.50 7,500,000 7,351,242 7,356,263 (5) 7,351,242 7,356,263 Verscend Holding Corp. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+4.50 cash due 8 27 2025 4.65 9,125,728 9,107,394 9,065,270 (5) 9,107,394 9,065,270 

88 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 

Portfolio Company Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Cash Interest Rate (5) Industry Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes William Morris Endeavor Entertainment, LLC Movies & Entertainment First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+8.50 cash due 5 18 2025 9.50 13,114,337 12,443,394 13,114,337 (5)(8) 12,443,394 13,114,337 Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.25 cash due 9 21 2027 7.25 10,972,500 10,534,635 10,647,933 (5) 10,534,635 10,647,933 WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace & Defense First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+3.50 cash due 4 30 2025 4.50 3,931,575 3,911,636 3,463,718 (5) 3,911,636 3,463,718 WPEngine, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 3 27 2026 7.50 5,118,050 5,001,080 5,032,066 (5)(8) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan, LIBOR+6.50 cash due 3 27 2026 (217,234) (159,683) (5)(8)(9) 4,783,846 4,872,383 Total Non-Control Non-Affiliate Investments (123.9 of net assets) 428,740,923 429,851,146 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (8.9 of net assets) 31,016,086 31,016,086 Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (132.8 of net assets) 459,757,009 460,867,232 
 Derivative Instrument Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Counterparty Cumulative Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract 6,662,097 6,026,830 11 12 2020 Bank of New York Mellon (411,465) Foreign currency forward contract 9,893,413 7,833,885 11 12 2020 Bank of New York Mellon (236,424) (647,889) 
 
 (1) All debt investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. All equity investments are non-income producing unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) See Note 3 in the accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for portfolio composition by geographic region. 
 (3) Interest rates may be adjusted from period to period on certain term loans and revolvers. These rate adjustments may be either temporary in nature due to tier pricing arrangements or financial or payment covenant violations in the original credit agreements or permanent in nature per loan amendment or waiver documents. 
 (4) Each of the Company's investments is pledged as collateral under one or more of its credit facilities. A single investment may be divided into parts that are individually pledged as collateral to separate credit facilities. 
 (5) The interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for all floating rate loans is indexed to the LIBOR and or an alternate base rate (e.g., prime rate), which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these loans, the Company has provided the applicable margin over LIBOR or the alternate base rate based on each respective credit agreement and the cash interest rate as of period end. All LIBOR shown above is in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. As of September 30, 2020, the reference rates for the Company's variable rate loans were the 30-day LIBOR at 0.15 , the 60-day LIBOR at 0.19 , the 90-day LIBOR at 0.22 , the 180-day LIBOR at 0.27 , the 360-day LIBOR at 0.37 , the PRIME at 3.25 , the 30-day UK LIBOR at 0.05 , the 180-day UK LIBOR at 0.22 , the 30-day EURIBOR at (0.57) and the 180-day EURIBOR at (0.36) . Most loans include an interest floor, which generally ranges from 0 to 1 . 
 (6) signifies the investment is denominated in Euros. signifies the investment is denominated in British Pounds. All other investments are denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 (7) Non-Control Non-Affiliate Investments are investments that are neither Control Investments nor Affiliate Investments. Control Investments generally are defined by the Investment Company Act, as investments in companies in which the Company owns more than 25 of the voting securities and or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of the company. Affiliate Investments generally are defined by the Investment Company Act as investments in companies in which the Company owns between 5 and 25 of the voting securities. 
 (8) As of September 30, 2020, these investments are categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy established by ASC 820 and were valued using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (9) Investment has undrawn commitments. Unamortized fees are classified as unearned income which reduces cost basis, which may result in a negative cost basis. A negative fair value may result from the unfunded commitment being valued below par. 
 (10) Investment is not a qualifying asset as defined under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act. Under the Investment Company Act, the Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the 

89 

Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2020 

Company's total assets. As of September 30, 2020, qualifying assets represented 82.1 of the Company's total assets and non-qualifying assets represented 17.9 of the Company's total assets. 
 (11) PIK interest income for this investment accrues at an annualized rate of 15 , however, the PIK interest is not contractually capitalized on the investment. As a result, the principal amount of the investment does not increase over time for accumulated PIK interest. As of September 30, 2020, the accumulated PIK interest balance for each of the Alvotech A notes and the B notes was 0.6 million. The fair value of this investment is inclusive of PIK. 
 (12) This investment was on cash non-accrual status as of September 30, 2020. Cash non-accrual status is inclusive of PIK and other non-cash income, where applicable. 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

90 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. Organization 
 Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, where applicable, the Company is structured as a closed-end investment company focused on lending to small- and medium-sized companies. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company (a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act and has elected to be treated, and intends to comply with the requirements to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code ). 
 
 The Company was formed on April 30, 2018 as a Delaware corporation and as of September 30, 2021 is externally managed by Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (the Adviser pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement ), between the Company and the Adviser, which was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on May 11, 2020. From July 9, 2018 through May 11, 2020, the Company was managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., an affiliate of the Adviser. The Adviser is a subsidiary of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC OCG ). In 2019, Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield acquired a majority economic interest in OCG. OCG operates as an independent business within Brookfield, with its own product offerings and investment, marketing and support teams. 
 
 The Company conducted private offerings (each, a Private Offering of its common stock Common Stock to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). At each closing of a Private Offering, each investor participating in that closing made a capital commitment (each, a Capital Commitment to purchase the Company's Common Stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company in connection with its Capital Commitment Subscription Agreement ). The initial closing of a Private Offering occurred on August 6, 2018 (the Initial Closing ). The Company commenced its loan origination and investment activities shortly after its initial capital drawdown from its non-affiliated investors (the Initial Drawdown ). The proceeds from the Initial Drawdown provided the Company with the necessary seed capital to commence operations. As of September 30, 2021, the Company completed drawdowns of 337,558,996, or 100 , of Capital Commitments from investors in connection with Private Offerings, of which 3,854,346 in Capital Commitments were made by one or more affiliates of the Adviser. 
 
 The Company seeks to invest opportunistically across asset classes and geographies, primarily in the form of senior loans, and to a lesser extent, high yield bonds, to borrowers that are in need of direct loans, rescue financings or other capital solutions or that have had challenged or unsuccessful primary offerings. The Company's investment objective is to generate current income and long-term capital appreciation. The Company seeks to achieve its investment objective without subjecting principal to undue risk of loss by lending to and investing in the debt of public and private companies, primarily in situations where a company or its owners are (a) overleveraged or facing pressure to recapitalize, (b) unable to access broadly syndicated capital markets, (c) undervalued after having recently exited bankruptcy, completed a restructuring or are in a cyclically out-of-favor industry or (d) otherwise affected by mispricings or inefficiencies in the capital markets or at different points throughout the credit cycle. 

Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Regulation S-X. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company is an investment company following the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB ASC Topic 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies ASC 946 ). 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions affecting amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates are based on the information that is currently available to the Company and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the economic and political environments, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining these estimates could cause actual results to differ and such differences could be material. Significant estimates include the valuation of investments and revenue recognition. 

91 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidation 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. Each consolidated subsidiary is wholly-owned and, as such, consolidated into the consolidated financial statements. Certain subsidiaries of the Company that hold investments are treated as pass through entities for tax purposes. The assets of the consolidated subsidiaries are not directly available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of the Company. As an investment company, portfolio investments held by the Company are not consolidated into the consolidated financial statements but rather are included on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as investments at fair value. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company's board of directors, with the assistance of its audit committee (the Audit Committee and the Adviser, determines the fair value of its assets on at least a quarterly basis, in accordance with the terms of FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement . The Audit Committee is comprised of independent directors. The Company's investments are valued at fair value. For purposes of periodic reporting, the Company values its assets in accordance with GAAP and based on the principles and methods of valuation summarized below. GAAP requires that a fair value be assigned to all assets and establishes a single authoritative definition of fair value that includes a framework for measuring fair value and enhanced disclosures about fair value measurements. 
 GAAP establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring financial instruments at fair value into three levels based on their market price observability. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of instrument and the characteristics specific to the instrument. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices from an active market or for which fair value can be measured based on actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment inherent in measuring fair value. 
 Financial assets and liabilities measured and reported at fair value are classified as follows 
 
 Level I - Quoted unadjusted prices for identical instruments in active markets to which the Company has access at the date of measurement. 
 
 Level II - Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are directly or indirectly observable. 
 
 Level III - Valuations for which one or more significant inputs are unobservable. These inputs reflect our assessment of the assumptions that market participants use to value the investment based on the best available information. Level III inputs include prices obtained from brokers in markets for which there are few transactions, less public information exists or prices vary among broker market makers. 
 In some instances, an instrument may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such instances, the instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest of the three levels (with Level III being the lowest) that is significant to the value measurement. The assessment of the significance of an input requires judgment and considers factors specific to the instrument. The transfer of assets into or out of each fair value hierarchy level as a result of changes in the observability of the inputs used in measuring fair value are accounted for as of the beginning of the reporting period. Transfers resulting from a specific event, such as a reorganization or restructuring, are accounted for as of the date of the event that caused the transfer. 
 In the absence of observable market prices, the Company values Level III investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. The quarterly valuation process for Level III investments begins with each portfolio company, property or security being initially valued by the Adviser's valuation team in conjunction with the investment team. The preliminary valuations are then reviewed and approved by the valuation team, the valuation committee, which consists of senior members of the investment team, and designated investment professionals as well as the valuation officer who is independent of the investment teams. The Audit Committee reviews the preliminary valuations provided by the valuation committee and makes a recommendation to the Company's full board of directors regarding the fair value of the investments in our portfolio. The Company's board of directors ultimately determines in good faith the fair value of each investment in the Company's portfolio. Results of the valuation process are evaluated each quarter, including an assessment of whether the underlying calculations should be adjusted or recalibrated. In connection with this process, the Company evaluates changes in fair value measurements from period to period for reasonableness, considering items such as industry trends, general economic and market conditions, and factors specific to the investment. 
 Certain Level III assets are valued using prices obtained from pricing vendors or brokers. These investments are classified as Level III because the quoted prices may be indicative in nature for securities that are in an inactive market, may be 

92 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

for similar securities or may require adjustment for investment-specific factors or restrictions. The Company seeks to obtain at least two quotations for the subject or similar securities, typically from pricing vendors. If the Company is unable to obtain two quotes from pricing vendors, or if the prices obtained from pricing vendors are not within the Company's set threshold, the Company seeks to obtain a quote directly from a broker making a market for the asset. However, given the nature of our portfolio, the Company does not expect that all of our Level III assets will be valued at least annually using prices obtained from pricing vendors or brokers. Generally, the Company does not adjust any of the prices received from these sources, and all prices are reviewed by the Company. The Company evaluates the prices obtained from pricing vendors or brokers based on available market information, including trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. The Adviser also performs back-testing of valuation information obtained from pricing vendors and brokers against actual prices received in transactions. In addition to ongoing monitoring and back-testing, the Adviser performs due diligence procedures over pricing vendors to understand their methodology and controls to support their use in the valuation process. 
 Non-publicly traded debt and equity securities and other securities or instruments for which reliable market quotations are not available are valued by the Company using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. These securities may initially be valued at the acquisition price as the best indicator of fair value. The Company reviews the significant unobservable inputs, valuations of comparable investments and other similar transactions for investments valued at acquisition price to determine whether another valuation methodology should be utilized. Subsequent valuations will depend on facts and circumstances known as of the valuation date and the application of valuation methodologies further described below under Non-Exchange-Traded Investments. The fair value may also be based on a pending transaction expected to close after the valuation date. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. Accordingly, valuations do not necessarily represent the amounts which may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments in the future. Fair values may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investment existed, and the differences could be material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Exchange-Traded Investments 
 Securities listed on one or more national securities exchanges are valued at their last reported sales price on the date of valuation. If no sale occurred on the valuation date, the security is valued at the mean of the last bid and ask prices on the valuation date. Securities that are not marketable due to legal restrictions that may limit or restrict transferability are generally valued at a discount from quoted market prices. The discount would reflect the amount market participants would require due to the risk relating to the inability to access a public market for the security for the specified period and would vary depending on the nature and duration of the restriction and the risk and volatility of the underlying securities. Securities with longer duration restrictions or higher volatility are generally valued at a higher discount. Such discounts are generally estimated based on put option models or analysis of market studies. Instances where discounts have been applied to quoted prices of restricted listed securities have been infrequent. The impact of such discounts is not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Non-Exchange-Traded Investments 
 Investments in corporate and government debt which are not listed or admitted to trading on any securities exchange are valued at the mean of the last bid and ask prices on the valuation date based on quotations supplied by recognized quotation services or by reputable broker dealers. 
 If the quotations obtained from pricing vendors or brokers are determined to not be reliable or are not readily available, the Company values such investments using different valuation techniques. One valuation technique is the transaction precedent technique, which utilizes recent or expected future transactions of the investment to determine fair value, to the extent applicable. The market yield technique is considered in the valuation of non-publicly traded debt investments, utilizing expected future cash flows, discounted using estimated current market rates. Discounted cash flow calculations may be adjusted to reflect current market conditions and or the perceived credit risk of the borrowers. Consideration is also given to a borrower s ability to meet principal and interest obligations this may include an evaluation of collateral or the underlying value of the borrower, utilizing either the market or income techniques. A market technique utilizes valuations of comparable public companies or transactions and generally seeks to establish the enterprise value of the portfolio company using a market multiple technique. This technique takes into account a specific financial measure (such as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, net operating income, net income, book value or net asset value) believed to be most relevant for the given company. Consideration may also be given to such factors as acquisition price of the security, historical and projected operational and financial results for the portfolio company, the strengths and weaknesses of the portfolio company relative to its comparable companies, industry trends, general economic and market conditions and other factors deemed relevant. The income technique is typically a discounted cash flow method that incorporates expected timing and level of cash flows. It incorporates assumptions in determining growth rates, income and expense projections, discount rates, capital structure, terminal values and other factors. The applicability and weight assigned to 

93 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

market and income techniques are determined based on the availability of reliable projections and comparable companies and transactions. 
 The valuation of securities may be impacted by expectations of investors receptiveness to a public offering of the securities, the size of the holding of the securities and any associated control, information with respect to transactions or offers for the securities (including the transaction pursuant to which the investment was made and the period of time elapsed from the date of the investment to the valuation date) and applicable restrictions on the transferability of the securities. 
 Investments made by the Company are, by nature, generally considered to be long-term investments and are not intended to be liquidated on a short-term basis. Additionally, these valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. Accordingly, valuations by the Company do not necessarily represent the amounts which may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments in the future. Estimated fair values may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investment existed, and the differences could be material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company may estimate the fair value of privately held warrants using a Black Scholes pricing model, which includes an analysis of various factors and subjective assumptions, including the current stock price (by using an enterprise value analysis as described above), the expected period until exercise, expected volatility of the underlying stock price, expected dividends and the risk-free rate. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates. 
 With the exception of the line items entitled deferred financing costs, other assets, deferred tax liability, secured borrowings and credit facilities payable, which are reported at amortized cost, all assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities approximate fair value. The carrying value of the line items titled interest receivable, receivables from unsettled transactions, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, base management fee and incentive fees payable, due to affiliates, interest payable, and payables from unsettled transactions approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 The accounting records of the Company are maintained in U.S. dollars. All assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based on the prevailing foreign exchange rate on the reporting date. The Company does not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. The Company s investments in foreign securities may involve certain risks, including foreign exchange restrictions, expropriation, taxation or other political, social or economic risks, all of which could affect the market and or credit risk of the investment. In addition, changes in the relationship of foreign currencies to the U.S. dollar can significantly affect the value of these investments and therefore the earnings of the Company. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the Company's exposure to fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies. In a foreign currency forward contract, the Company agrees to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of one currency for another at a pre-determined price at a future date. Foreign currency forward contracts are marked-to-market at the applicable forward rate. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts are recorded as a derivative asset at fair value or derivative liability at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities by counterparty on a net basis, not taking into account collateral posted which is recorded separately, if applicable. Purchases and settlements of foreign currency forward contracts having the same settlement date and counterparty are generally settled net and any realized gains or losses are recognized on the settlement date. The Company does not utilize hedge accounting with respect to foreign currency forward contracts and as such, the Company recognizes its foreign currency forward contracts at fair value with net unrealized gains or losses included in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and net realized gains or losses included in net realized gains (losses) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Secured Borrowings 
 Securities sold and simultaneously repurchased at a premium are reported as financing transactions in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing ASC 860 ). Amounts payable to the counterparty are due on the repurchase settlement date and, excluding accrued interest, such amounts are presented in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as secured borrowings. Premiums payable are separately reported as accrued interest. 

94 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Investment Income 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income, adjusted for accretion of original issue discount OID ), is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company stops accruing interest on investments when it is determined that interest is no longer collectible. Investments that are expected to pay regularly scheduled interest in cash are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest cash payments will be collected. Cash interest payments received on investments may be recognized as income or a return of capital depending upon management s judgment. A non-accrual investment is restored to accrual status if past due principal and interest are paid in cash, and the portfolio company, in management s judgment, is likely to continue timely payment of its remaining obligations. 
 In connection with its investment in a portfolio company, the Company sometimes receives nominal cost equity that is valued as part of the negotiation process with the portfolio company. When the Company receives nominal cost equity, the Company allocates its cost basis in the investment between debt securities and the nominal cost equity at the time of origination. Any resulting discount from recording the loan, or otherwise purchasing a security at a discount, is accreted into interest income over the life of the loan. 
 For the Company's secured borrowings, the interest earned on the entire loan balance is recorded within interest income and the interest earned by the counterparty is recorded within interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 PIK Interest Income 
 The Company's investments in debt securities may contain payment-in-kind PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, which generally represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at the end of the loan term, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company generally ceases accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or if the Company does not expect the portfolio company to be able to pay all principal and interest due. The Company's decision to cease accruing PIK interest on a loan or debt security involves subjective judgments and determinations based on available information about a particular portfolio company, including whether the portfolio company is current with respect to its payment of principal and interest on its loans and debt securities financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio company the Company's assessment of the portfolio company's business development success information obtained by the Company in connection with periodic formal update interviews with the portfolio company's management and, if appropriate, the private equity sponsor and information about the general economic and market conditions in which the portfolio company operates. The Company's determination to cease accruing PIK interest is generally made well before the Company's full write-down of a loan or debt security. In addition, if it is subsequently determined that the Company will not be able to collect any previously accrued PIK interest, the fair value of the loans or debt securities would be reduced by the amount of such previously accrued, but uncollectible, PIK interest. The accrual of PIK interest on the Company s debt investments increases the recorded cost bases of these investments in the consolidated financial statements including for purposes of computing the capital gains incentive fee payable by the Company to the Adviser. To maintain its status as a RIC, certain income from PIK interest may be required to be distributed to the Company s stockholders, even though the Company has not yet collected the cash and may never do so. 
 Fee Income 
 The Adviser or its affiliates may provide financial advisory services to portfolio companies in connection with structuring a transaction and in return the Company may receive fees for capital structuring services. These fees are generally nonrecurring and are recognized by the Company upon the investment closing date. The Company may also receive additional fees in the ordinary course of business, including servicing, amendment, and prepayment fees, which are classified as fee income and recognized as they are earned or the services are rendered. 
 The Company has also structured exit fees across certain of its portfolio investments to be received upon the future exit of those investments. These fees are typically paid to the Company upon the earliest to occur of (i) a sale of the borrower or substantially all of the assets of the borrower, (ii) the maturity date of the loan or (iii) the date when full prepayment of the loan occurs. The receipt of such fees is contingent upon the occurrence of one of the events listed above for each of the investments. These fees are included in net investment income over the life of the loan. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash consist of demand deposits and highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, when acquired. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash with financial 

95 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

institutions and, at times, cash held in bank accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limit. Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are included on the Company's Consolidated Schedule of Investments and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 assets. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, included in restricted cash was 4,317,968 and 2,273,803, respectively, which was held at Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in connection with the Company's Citibank Facility (defined in Note 6 Borrowings). The Company was restricted in terms of access to the 4,317,968 and 2,273,803, respectively, until t he occurrence of the periodic distribution dates and, in connection therewith, the Company s submission of its required periodic reporting schedules and verifications of the Company s compliance with the terms of the Citibank Facility. 
 Organization and Offering costs 
 
 Costs incurred to organize the Company were expensed as incurred. For the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company incurred organizational costs of 56,921. 
 Offering costs incurred in connection with Private Offerings were recognized as a deferred cost and amortized on a straight line basis over twelve months beginning on August 6, 2018 (commencement of operations). For the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company incurred offering costs of 122,903 and amortized 642,205 deferred offering costs. 
 Receivables Payables from Unsettled Transactions 
 Receivables payables from unsettled transactions consist of amounts receivable to or payable by the Company for transactions that have not settled at the reporting date. 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 Deferred financing costs consist of fees and expenses paid in connection with the closing or amending of credit facilities. Deferred financing costs incurred in connection with credit facilities are capitalized as an asset when incurred. Deferred financing costs incurred in connection with all other debt arrangements are a direct deduction from the related debt liability when incurred. Deferred financing costs are amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the respective debt arrangement. This amortization expense is included in interest expense in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. Upon early termination or modification of a credit facility, all or a portion of unamortized fees related to such facility may be accelerated into interest expense. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company has elected to be subject to tax as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and intends to operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. In order to be subject to tax as a RIC, among other things, the Company is required to meet certain source of income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute dividends to its stockholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, for each tax year. As a RIC, the Company is not subject to federal income tax on the portion of its taxable income and gains distributed currently to stockholders as a dividend. Depending on the level of taxable income earned during a tax year, the Company may choose to retain taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions and would distribute such taxable income in the next tax year. The Company would then incur a 4 excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income, determined on a calendar year basis, could exceed estimated current calendar year dividend distributions, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. The Company anticipates timely distribution of its taxable income within the tax rules under Subchapter M of the Code. The Company did not incur a U.S. federal excise tax for calendar years 2019 and 2020 and does not expect to incur a U.S. federal excise tax for calendar year 2021. 
 The Company holds certain portfolio investments through taxable subsidiaries. The purpose of the Company's taxable subsidiaries is to permit the Company to hold equity investments in portfolio companies which are pass through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes in order to comply with the RIC tax requirements. The taxable subsidiaries are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, and portfolio investments held by them are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as portfolio investments and recorded at fair value. The taxable subsidiaries are not consolidated with the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense, or benefit, and the related tax assets and liabilities, as a result of their ownership of certain portfolio investments. This income tax expense, if any, would be reflected in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the liability method to account for its taxable subsidiaries' income taxes. Using this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the estimated 

96 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

future tax effects attributable to temporary differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company recognizes deferred tax benefits associated with net operating loss carry forwards that it may use to offset future tax obligations. The Company measures deferred tax assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which it expects to recover or settle those temporary differences. 
 FASB ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ASC 740 ), provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented, and disclosed in the Company's consolidated financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company's tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Management's determinations regarding ASC 740 may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon factors including an ongoing analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. The Company recognizes the tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only where the position is more likely than not to be sustained assuming examination by tax authorities. Management has analyzed the Company's tax positions and has concluded that no liability for unrecognized tax benefits should be recorded related to uncertain tax positions taken on returns filed for open tax years 2018, 2019 and 2020. The Company identifies its major tax jurisdictions as U.S. Federal and California, and the Company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will change materially in the next 12 months. 
 
 Note 3. Portfolio Investments 
 Portfolio Composition 
 As of September 30, 2021, the fair value of the Company's investment portfolio was 575.4 million and was comprised of investments in 108 portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2020, the fair value of the Company's investment portfolio was 429.9 million and was comprised of investments in 88 portfolio companies. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company's investment portfolio consisted of the following 
 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Cost of Total Investments of Total Investments Senior Secured Debt 554,526,097 97.57 411,852,997 96.05 Preferred Equity 7,248,381 1.28 110,285 0.03 Subordinated Debt 3,905,317 0.69 15,890,973 3.71 Common Equity & Warrants 2,623,630 0.46 886,668 0.21 Total 568,303,425 100.00 428,740,923 100.00 
 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Fair Value of Total Investments of Net Assets of Total Investments of Net Assets Senior Secured Debt 559,926,869 97.30 161.59 410,811,503 95.57 118.39 Preferred Equity 8,585,636 1.49 2.48 118,004 0.03 0.03 Subordinated Debt 3,888,632 0.68 1.12 17,095,342 3.98 4.93 Common Equity & Warrants 3,028,295 0.53 0.87 1,826,297 0.42 0.53 Total 575,429,432 100.00 166.06 429,851,146 100.00 123.88 
 
 The composition of the Company's debt investments as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 by floating rates and fixed rates was as follows 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Fair Value of Debt Investments Fair Value of Debt Investments Floating rate 522,279,872 92.63 384,443,597 89.84 Fixed rate 41,535,629 7.37 43,463,248 10.16 Total 563,815,501 100.00 427,906,845 100.00 

97 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The geographic composition of the Company's portfolio is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters of the portfolio company, which may not be indicative of the primary source of the portfolio company's business. The following tables show the portfolio composition by geographic region at cost as a percentage of total investments and at fair value as a percentage of total investments and net assets 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Cost of Total Investments of Total Investments United States 489,879,815 86.21 375,446,261 87.56 United Kingdom 33,461,333 5.89 21,990,039 5.13 Switzerland 12,733,548 2.24 8,704,000 2.03 Luxembourg 9,365,580 1.65 9,852,421 2.30 Australia 7,804,890 1.37 5,910,300 1.38 Iceland 6,762,757 1.19 5,093,818 1.19 Chile 4,169,586 0.73 Singapore 3,876,279 0.68 Canada 249,637 0.04 1,744,084 0.41 Total 568,303,425 100.00 428,740,923 100.00 
 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Fair Value of Total Investments of Net Assets of Total Investments of Net Assets United States 495,262,940 86.07 142.94 375,200,713 87.29 108.13 United Kingdom 34,344,738 5.97 9.91 21,998,531 5.12 6.34 Switzerland 12,747,940 2.22 3.68 10,189,120 2.37 2.94 Luxembourg 9,807,095 1.70 2.83 10,249,177 2.38 2.95 Australia 7,871,723 1.37 2.27 5,134,200 1.19 1.48 Iceland 6,873,455 1.19 1.98 5,287,427 1.23 1.52 Chile 4,238,488 0.74 1.22 Singapore 4,033,053 0.70 1.16 Canada 250,000 0.04 0.07 1,791,978 0.42 0.52 Total 575,429,432 100.00 166.06 429,851,146 100.00 123.88 

98 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The composition of the Company's portfolio by industry at cost as a percentage of total investments and at fair value as a percentage of total investments and net assets as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 was as follows 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Cost of Total Investments of Total Investments Application Software 105,037,693 18.50 76,553,798 17.87 Pharmaceuticals 34,125,774 6.00 29,859,079 6.96 Biotechnology 32,034,990 5.64 23,331,266 5.44 Personal Products 28,836,040 5.07 20,478,516 4.78 Construction & Engineering 20,762,547 3.65 574,355 0.13 Industrial Machinery 20,602,087 3.63 6,207,468 1.45 Fertilizers & Agricultural Chemicals 18,208,561 3.20 11,941,809 2.79 Aerospace & Defense 16,267,556 2.86 6,913,536 1.61 Internet & Direct Marketing Retail 16,195,690 2.85 5,237,942 1.22 Data Processing & Outsourced Services 15,762,361 2.77 10,716,366 2.50 Health Care Services 15,458,063 2.72 16,109,752 3.76 Insurance Brokers 13,624,213 2.40 12,537,382 2.92 Internet Services & Infrastructure 12,096,508 2.13 15,097,795 3.52 Home Improvement Retail 11,374,657 2.00 Automotive Retail 10,576,274 1.86 Integrated Telecommunication Services 10,490,500 1.85 16,838,972 3.93 Airport Services 10,385,781 1.83 7,296,513 1.70 Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation 9,659,457 1.70 9,865,135 2.30 Cable & Satellite 8,910,000 1.57 Real Estate Services 8,710,292 1.53 8,780,169 2.05 Health Care Supplies 8,129,966 1.43 7,913,491 1.85 Leisure Products 8,083,405 1.42 Soft Drinks 8,077,613 1.42 Movies & Entertainment 7,804,890 1.37 18,353,694 4.28 Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing 7,671,686 1.35 7,740,677 1.81 Independent Power Producers & Energy Traders 7,574,559 1.33 7,931,626 1.85 Electrical Components & Equipment 7,225,215 1.27 Real Estate Operating Companies 6,983,385 1.23 Other Diversified Financial Services 6,559,321 1.15 IT Consulting & Other Services 5,644,359 0.99 5,667,844 1.32 Health Care Technology 5,603,266 0.99 16,385,138 3.82 Metal & Glass Containers 5,553,715 0.98 7,809,542 1.82 Health Care Distributors 4,820,334 0.85 Home Furnishings 4,723,943 0.83 Communications Equipment 4,698,738 0.83 Specialized Finance 4,499,017 0.79 700,307 0.16 Diversified Support Services 4,469,808 0.79 9,304,016 2.17 Health Care Equipment 4,351,936 0.77 Leisure Facilities 4,329,641 0.76 Airlines 4,169,586 0.73 Managed Health Care 3,918,152 0.69 3,935,547 0.92 Interactive Media & Services 3,876,279 0.68 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance 3,748,666 0.66 Restaurants 3,347,525 0.59 7,337,777 1.71 Research & Consulting Services 2,362,030 0.42 Forest Products 1,939,746 0.34 Electric Utilities 1,641,216 0.29 Food Distributors 1,486,303 0.26 Electronic Components 1,375,156 0.24 1,000,000 0.23 Diversified Banks 1,129,465 0.20 Alternative Carriers 964,264 0.17 2,535,867 0.59 Construction Materials 809,832 0.14 775,603 0.18 Specialty Chemicals 716,095 0.13 Housewares & Specialties 645,632 0.11 Food Retail 249,637 0.04 456,711 0.11 Systems Software 11,289,391 2.63 

99 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Cost of Total Investments of Total Investments Publishing 9,361,464 2.18 Distributors 8,460,606 1.97 Diversified Real Estate Activities 7,527,061 1.76 Hotels, Resorts & Cruise Lines 5,547,333 1.29 Specialized REITs 3,808,726 0.89 Trading Companies & Distributors 2,956,400 0.69 Household Products 1,287,373 0.30 Property & Casualty Insurance 1,074,144 0.25 Health Care Facilities 642,365 0.15 Multi-Sector Holdings 598,367 0.14 Total 568,303,425 100.00 428,740,923 100.00 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Fair Value 
 of Total Investments of Net Assets of Total Investments of Net Assets Application Software 105,949,514 18.42 30.58 75,892,335 17.64 21.86 Pharmaceuticals 34,958,925 6.08 10.09 31,008,653 7.21 8.94 Biotechnology 32,486,832 5.65 9.38 25,519,659 5.94 7.35 Personal Products 29,379,063 5.11 8.48 20,195,156 4.70 5.82 Industrial Machinery 20,988,046 3.65 6.06 5,991,058 1.39 1.73 Construction & Engineering 20,902,686 3.63 6.03 563,518 0.13 0.16 Fertilizers & Agricultural Chemicals 18,311,828 3.18 5.28 11,933,152 2.78 3.44 Internet & Direct Marketing Retail 17,697,267 3.08 5.11 5,416,825 1.26 1.56 Aerospace & Defense 16,188,169 2.81 4.67 6,248,139 1.45 1.80 Data Processing & Outsourced Services 15,774,549 2.74 4.55 10,516,243 2.45 3.03 Health Care Services 15,732,690 2.73 4.54 15,961,345 3.71 4.60 Insurance Brokers 14,797,626 2.57 4.27 12,921,489 3.01 3.72 Internet Services & Infrastructure 12,211,475 2.12 3.52 14,525,897 3.38 4.19 Home Improvement Retail 11,374,695 1.98 3.28 Integrated Telecommunication Services 10,928,339 1.90 3.15 17,275,586 4.02 4.98 Automotive Retail 10,657,160 1.85 3.08 Airport Services 10,086,433 1.75 2.91 6,940,125 1.61 2.00 Cable & Satellite 9,015,930 1.57 2.60 Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation 8,771,281 1.52 2.53 9,521,650 2.22 2.74 Real Estate Services 8,753,513 1.52 2.53 8,487,563 1.97 2.45 Health Care Supplies 8,168,802 1.42 2.36 7,904,581 1.84 2.28 Leisure Products 8,091,483 1.41 2.34 Soft Drinks 8,077,585 1.40 2.33 Movies & Entertainment 7,871,723 1.37 2.27 18,248,537 4.25 5.26 Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing 7,777,211 1.35 2.24 7,461,127 1.74 2.15 Independent Power Producers & Energy Traders 7,554,375 1.31 2.18 7,691,438 1.79 2.22 Electrical Components & Equipment 7,227,759 1.26 2.09 Real Estate Operating Companies 7,120,371 1.24 2.05 Other Diversified Financial Services 6,415,445 1.11 1.85 IT Consulting & Other Services 5,772,258 1.00 1.67 5,386,505 1.25 1.55 Health Care Technology 5,649,515 0.98 1.63 16,501,777 3.84 4.76 Metal & Glass Containers 5,564,989 0.97 1.61 8,003,251 1.86 2.31 Health Care Distributors 4,816,700 0.84 1.39 Communications Equipment 4,784,763 0.83 1.38 Home Furnishings 4,771,890 0.83 1.38 Specialized Finance 4,578,283 0.80 1.32 624,333 0.15 0.18 Diversified Support Services 4,449,622 0.77 1.28 8,928,113 2.08 2.57 Leisure Facilities 4,430,889 0.77 1.28 Health Care Equipment 4,368,523 0.76 1.26 Airlines 4,238,488 0.74 1.22 Interactive Media & Services 4,033,053 0.70 1.16 Managed Health Care 3,925,150 0.68 1.13 3,795,700 0.88 1.09 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance 3,830,807 0.67 1.11 Restaurants 3,396,250 0.59 0.98 7,452,525 1.73 2.15 

100 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Fair Value 
 of Total Investments of Net Assets of Total Investments of Net Assets Research & Consulting Services 2,442,962 0.42 0.71 Forest Products 1,964,238 0.34 0.57 Electric Utilities 1,578,793 0.27 0.46 Food Distributors 1,501,725 0.26 0.43 Electronic Components 1,394,255 0.24 0.40 887,000 0.21 0.26 Diversified Banks 1,144,401 0.20 0.33 Alternative Carriers 1,001,020 0.17 0.29 2,567,841 0.60 0.74 Construction Materials 847,865 0.15 0.24 747,977 0.17 0.22 Specialty Chemicals 732,453 0.13 0.21 Housewares & Specialties 689,765 0.12 0.20 Food Retail 250,000 0.04 0.07 466,555 0.11 0.13 Systems Software 11,202,269 2.61 3.23 Publishing 9,360,379 2.18 2.70 Distributors 8,395,483 1.95 2.42 Diversified Real Estate Activities 8,294,535 1.93 2.39 Hotels, Resorts & Cruise Lines 6,161,463 1.43 1.78 Specialized REITs 3,990,162 0.93 1.15 Trading Companies & Distributors 2,919,599 0.68 0.84 Household Products 1,325,423 0.31 0.38 Property & Casualty Insurance 1,075,755 0.25 0.31 Health Care Facilities 775,293 0.18 0.22 Multi-Sector Holdings 765,132 0.18 0.22 Total 575,429,432 100.00 166.06 429,851,146 100.00 123.88 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 The following table presents the financial instruments carried at fair value as of September 30, 2021 on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities for each of the three levels of hierarchy established by ASC 820 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Senior secured debt 117,763,997 442,162,872 559,926,869 Subordinated debt 3,888,632 3,888,632 Common equity & warrants 122,080 2,906,215 3,028,295 Preferred equity 8,585,636 8,585,636 Total investments at fair value 122,080 117,763,997 457,543,355 575,429,432 Derivative assets 618,004 618,004 Total assets at fair value 122,080 118,382,001 457,543,355 576,047,436 

101 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table presents the financial instruments carried at fair value as of September 30, 2020 on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities for each of the three levels of hierarchy established by ASC 820 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Senior secured debt 205,437,672 205,373,831 410,811,503 Subordinated debt 6,930,632 10,164,710 17,095,342 Common equity & warrants 1,826,297 1,826,297 Preferred equity 118,004 118,004 Total investments at fair value 212,368,304 217,482,842 429,851,146 Derivative liabilities 647,889 647,889 Total liabilities at fair value 647,889 647,889 
 When a determination is made to classify a financial instrument within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, the determination is based upon the fact that the unobservable factors are significant to the overall fair value measurement. However, Level 3 financial instruments typically have both unobservable or Level 3 components and observable components (i.e. components that are actively quoted and can be validated by external sources). Accordingly, the appreciation (depreciation) in the tables below includes changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology. 
 The principal value of the Company's credit facilities payable approximates fair value due to its variable rates and is included in Level 3 of the hierarchy. The principal value of the secured borrowings approximates fair value due to its short-term nature and is included in Level 3 of the hierarchy. 

102 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table provides a roll-forward of the changes in fair value from September 30, 2020 to September 30, 2021, for all investments for which the Company determined fair value using unobservable (Level 3) factors 
 Senior Secured Debt Subordinated Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity & Warrants Total Fair value as of September 30, 2020 205,373,831 10,164,710 118,004 1,826,297 217,482,842 Purchases 292,106,680 4,279,199 7,138,096 819,613 304,343,588 Sales and repayments (62,114,347) (11,287,599) (73,401,946) Transfers in (a) 854,309 854,309 Transfers out (a)(b) (3,417,435) (3,417,435) PIK interest income 3,724,280 3,724,280 Accretion of OID 2,712,562 192,204 2,904,766 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 3,656,049 (757,820) 1,329,536 (594,004) 3,633,761 Net realized gains (losses) 121,252 1,297,938 1,419,190 Fair value as of September 30, 2021 442,162,872 3,888,632 8,585,636 2,906,215 457,543,355 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to Level 3 assets still held at September 30, 2021 and reported within net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2021 5,574,772 (16,686) 1,329,535 (234,803) 6,652,818 __________ 
 (a) There was one transfer from senior secured debt to common equity and warrants during the year ended September 30, 2021 as a result of an investment restructuring, in which 0.9 million of senior secured debt was exchanged for 0.9 million of common equity. 
 (b) There were transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 for certain investments during the year ended September 30, 2021 as a result of a change in the number of market quotes available and or a change in market liquidity. 
 
 The following table provides a roll-forward in the changes in fair value from September 30, 2019 to September 30, 2020, for all investments for which the Company determined fair value using unobservable (Level 3) factors 
 Senior Secured Debt Subordinated Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity & Warrants Total Fair value as of September 30, 2019 63,322,227 1,702,969 110,285 720,279 65,855,760 Purchases 151,915,395 20,986,086 310,867 173,212,348 Sales and repayments (22,081,148) (14,152,057) (302,990) (36,536,195) Transfers in (a) 10,627,597 10,627,597 PIK interest income 1,628,775 1,628,775 Accretion of OID 1,157,006 831,420 1,988,426 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (1,230,786) 796,292 7,719 862,063 435,288 Net realized gains (losses) 34,765 236,078 270,843 Fair value as of September 30, 2020 205,373,831 10,164,710 118,004 1,826,297 217,482,842 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to Level 3 assets still held at September 30, 2020 and reported within net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2020 (833,797) 796,291 7,720 835,369 805,583 __________ 
 (a) There were transfers into Level 3 from Level 2 for certain investments during the year ended September 30, 2020 as a result of a change in the number of market quotes available and or a change in market liquidity. 

103 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Significant Unobservable Inputs for Level 3 Investments 
 The following table provides quantitative information related to the significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 investments, which were carried at fair value as of September 30, 2021 
 Asset Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (a) Senior secured debt 337,518,859 Market Yield Market Yield (b) 4.0 - 30.0 10.3 104,644,013 Broker Quotations Broker Quoted Price (c) N A - N A N A Subordinated debt 3,888,632 Market Yield Market Yield (b) 12.0 - 14.0 12.6 Common equity & warrants & preferred equity 915,261 Enterprise Value Revenue Multiple (d) 1.0x - 11.2x 2.5x 9,722,281 Enterprise Value EBITDA multiple (d) 6.0x - 35.0x 30.5x 854,309 Transactions Precedent Transaction price (e) N A - N A N A Total 457,543,355 
 
 _____________________ 
 (a) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 (b) Used when market participant would take into account market yield when pricing the investment. 
 (c) The Company generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair value determinations for quoted senior secured debt investments. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. The Company evaluates the quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers based on available market information, including trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. Each quoted price is evaluated by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors in conjunction with additional information compiled by the Adviser. 
 (d) Used when market participant would use such multiple when pricing the investment. 
 (e) Used when there is an observable transaction or pending event for the investment. 
 
 The following table provides quantitative information related to the significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 investments, which were carried at fair value as of September 30, 2020 
 Asset Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (a) Senior secured debt 135,191,943 Market Yield Market Yield (b) 7.0 - 30.0 12.6 70,181,888 Broker Quotations Broker Quoted Price (c) N A - N A N A Subordinated debt 10,164,710 Market Yield Market Yield (b) 4.8 - 15.0 6.8 Common equity & warrants & preferred equity 170,243 Enterprise Value Revenue Multiple (d) 0.8x - 1.0x 0.9x 1,774,058 Enterprise Value EBITDA multiple (d) 14.0x - 16.0x 15.0x Total 217,482,842 
 _____________________ 
 (a) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 (b) Used when market participant would take into account market yield when pricing the investment. 
 (c) The Company generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair value determinations for quoted senior secured debt investments. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. The Company evaluates the quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers based on available market information, including trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. Each quoted price is evaluated by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors in conjunction with additional information compiled by the Adviser. 
 (d) Used when market participant would use such multiple when pricing the investment. 
 
 Under the market yield technique, the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company's investments in debt securities is the market yield. Increases or decreases in the market yield may result in a lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. 
 Under the enterprise value technique, the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company's investments is the EBITDA, revenue or asset multiple, as applicable. Increases or decreases in the valuation multiples in isolation may result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. 

104 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 4. Fee Income 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recorded total fee income of 4,155,818, 2,315,769 and 471,739, respectively, of which 69,626, 50,329 and 38,405, respectively, was recurring in nature. Recurring fee income primarily consisted of servicing fees and exit fees. 

Note 5. Share Data and Distributions 
 Earnings per Share 
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share, pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 260-10, Earnings per Share , for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 Year ended September 30, 2020 Year ended September 30, 2019 Earnings (loss) per common share basic and diluted 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 36,739,845 22,307,607 5,619,394 Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 17,401,121 12,422,418 4,094,929 Earnings (loss) per common share basic and diluted 
 2.11 1.80 1.37 
 
 Changes in Net Assets 
 The following table presents the changes in net assets for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Common Stock Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in-Capital Accumulated Distributable Earnings (Loss) Total Net Assets Balance at September 30, 2018 1,541,738 1,542 30,833,227 (462,452) 30,372,317 Net investment income 3,691,640 3,691,640 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 1,691,630 1,691,630 Net realized gains (losses) 236,124 236,124 Distributions to stockholders (2,372,190) (2,372,190) Reclassification of additional paid-in-capital (14,515) 14,515 Issuance of common stock 6,768,123 6,768 138,000,461 138,007,229 Balance at September 30, 2019 8,309,861 8,310 168,819,173 2,799,267 171,626,750 Net investment income 17,170,080 17,170,080 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (1,439,671) (1,439,671) Net realized gains (losses) 6,570,831 6,570,831 Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 6,367 6,367 Reclassification of additional paid-in-capital (189,082) 189,082 Issuance of common stock 9,091,260 9,091 168,707,907 168,716,998 Distributions to stockholders (15,649,588) (15,649,588) Balance at September 30, 2020 17,401,121 17,401 337,337,998 9,646,368 347,001,767 Net investment income 26,592,831 26,592,831 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 7,280,860 7,280,860 Net realized gains (losses) 2,992,242 2,992,242 Provision for income tax (expense) benefit (126,088) (126,088) Distributions to stockholders (37,238,403) (37,238,403) Balance at September 30, 2021 17,401,121 17,401 337,337,998 9,147,810 346,503,209 
 Capital Activity 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company completed drawdowns of 337,558,996, or 100 , of Capital Commitments from investors in connection with Private Offerings, of which 3,854,346 in Capital Commitments were made by one or more affiliates of the Adviser. 

105 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company has the authority to issue 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 0.001 per share par value and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 per share par value. The following table summarizes total shares issued and proceeds related to capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the Subscription Agreements for the Company s Common Stock through September 30, 2021 
 Shares Issued Price per Share Proceeds August 6, 2018 (1) 
 770,869 20.00 15,417,385 September 17, 2018 
 770,869 20.00 15,417,384 October 29, 2018 
 1,060,964 19.85 21,060,130 November 15, 2018 
 789,198 19.82 15,641,900 April 29, 2019 
 1,655,314 20.40 33,768,400 August 30, 2019 
 1,631,324 20.70 33,768,400 September 23, 2019 
 1,631,323 20.70 33,768,399 March 26, 2020 (2) 3,263,385 20.68 67,486,799 April 30, 2020 (2) 5,827,875 17.37 101,230,199 Total 
 17,401,121 337,558,996 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes 50 shares issued to one or more affiliates of the Adviser on July 23, 2018. 
 (2) For the March 26, 2020 and April 30, 2020 drawdowns, the shares issued exclude 2,418 shares and 4,318 shares, respectively, related to defaulted investors. In connection with these defaults, Capital Commitments and proceeds from capital drawdowns were each reduced by 125,000. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The Company is required to distribute dividends each tax year to its stockholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of its investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, in order to be eligible for tax benefits allowed to a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. The Company anticipates paying out as a distribution all or substantially all of those amounts. The amount to be paid out as a dividend is determined by the board of directors and is based on management s estimate of the Company s annual taxable income. Net realized capital gains, if any, may be distributed to stockholders or retained for reinvestment. 
 
 The following table reflects the distributions per share that the Company has paid on its common stock during the year ended September 30, 2021 
 Distribution Type Record Date Payment Date Amount per Share Cash Distribution Quarterly December 15, 2020 December 31, 2020 0.35 6,090,393 Special December 15, 2020 December 31, 2020 0.62 10,788,696 Quarterly March 15, 2021 March 26, 2021 0.35 6,090,393 Quarterly June 15, 2021 June 30, 2021 0.40 6,960,449 Quarterly September 15, 2021 September 27, 2021 0.42 7,308,472 2.14 37,238,403 
 
 The following table reflects the distributions per share that the Company has paid on its common stock during the year ended September 30, 2020 
 Distribution Type Record Date Payment Date Amount per Share Cash Distribution Quarterly November 7, 2019 November 21, 2019 0.29 2,409,859 Special December 13, 2019 December 30, 2019 0.32 2,659,155 Quarterly March 13, 2020 March 31, 2020 0.31 2,576,058 Quarterly June 15, 2020 June 30, 2020 0.19 3,306,213 Quarterly September 15, 2020 September 30, 2020 0.27 4,698,303 1.38 15,649,588 

106 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 6. Borrowings 
 CNB-1 Facility 
 On October 16, 2018, the Company entered into a revolving credit agreement (the CNB-1 Loan Agreement between the Company, as borrower, and City National Bank CNB ), as lender. Prior to its termination, the CNB-1 Loan Agreement provided for a senior secured revolving credit facility (the CNB-1 Facility of up to 60 million (the CNB-1 Facility Maximum Commitment in aggregate principal amount, subject to the lesser of (i) a percentage of unfunded commitments from certain classes of eligible investors in the Company and (ii) the CNB-1 Facility Maximum Commitment and had a scheduled maturity date of October 15, 2020. On May 1, 2020, the Company repaid all borrowings outstanding under the CNB-1 Facility, following which the CNB-1 Facility was terminated. 
 Borrowings under the CNB-1 Facility bore interest at a rate equal to (a) the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR for the selected period plus 1.65 for LIBOR loans or (b) the prime rate of CNB minus 0.25 for prime rate loans. There was a non-usage fee of 25 basis points per year on the unused portion of the CNB-1 Facility, payable quarterly. 
 The CNB-1 Facility was secured by a first priority security interest, subject to customary exceptions, in (i) all Capital Commitments, (ii) the Company's right to make capital calls, receive payment of capital contributions from investors and enforce payment of capital commitments and capital contributions under the Subscription Agreements with investors and other operative documents and (iii) a cash collateral account into which the capital contributions from investors are made. The Company made customary representations and warranties and was required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The Company's borrowings, including under the CNB-1 Facility, were subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the CNB-1 Facility. The Company s borrowings under the CNB-1 Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 3.27 and 4.09 for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 1,769,383 and 2,657,341, respectively, related to the CNB-1 Facility. 
 
 CNB-2 Facility 
 On June 9, 2020 (the CNB-2 Closing Date ), the Company entered into a loan and security agreement, which was subsequently amended on March 31, 2021 (as amended, the CNB-2 Loan Agreement between the Company, as borrower, and CNB, as lender. The CNB-2 Loan Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility (the CNB-2 Facility of up to 60 million (the CNB-2 Facility Maximum Commitment in aggregate principal amount, subject to the lesser of (i) the borrowing base, which is an amount determined by applying different rates to eligible assets held by the Company based generally on the value of such assets and (ii) the CNB-2 Facility Maximum Commitment. The maturity date of the CNB-2 Facility is June 9, 2023. 
 Borrowings under the CNB-2 Facility bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR for the selected period (subject to a floor of 0.25 plus 2.50 . There is a non-usage fee of 50 basis points per year on the unused portion of the CNB-2 Facility, payable annually, if on any anniversary of the CNB-2 Closing Date, the average daily utilization of the CNB-2 Facility is less than 25 million over the prior 365-day period. 
 The CNB-2 Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets, including its portfolio investments but excluding those investments held in OSI 2 SPV (as defined below). The Company has made customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The borrowings of the Company, including under the CNB-2 Facility, are subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company had 51.0 million and 5.0 million, respectively, outstanding under the CNB-2 Facility. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company s borrowings under the CNB-2 Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 2.91 and 3.32 , respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 1,302,400 and 183,244, respectively, related to the CNB-2 Facility. 

107 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Citibank Facility 
 On July 26, 2019 (the Citibank Closing Date ), the Company and OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC OSI 2 SPV ), a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a loan and security agreement, which was subsequently amended on September 20, 2019, July 2, 2020, December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021 (as amended, the Citibank Loan Agreement with the lenders from time to time party thereto and the other parties referenced below. Under the terms of the Citibank Loan Agreement, the Company serves as the collateral manager and seller and OSI 2 SPV serves as borrower with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as collateral agent. 
 The Citibank Loan Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Citibank Facility of up to 250 million (the Citibank Maximum Commitment in aggregate principal amount, subject to the lesser of (i) the borrowing base, which is an amount based on advance rates that vary depending on the class of assets and the value assigned to such assets under the Citibank Loan Agreement and (ii) the Citibank Maximum Commitment. The Citibank Facility has a forty-two (42) month reinvestment period (the Reinvestment Period during which advances may be made and matures sixty-six (66) months from the Citibank Closing Date. Following the Reinvestment Period, OSI 2 SPV will be required to make certain mandatory amortization payments. Borrowings under the Citibank Facility bear interest payable quarterly at a rate per year equal to (a) in the case of a lender that is identified as a conduit lender under the Citibank Loan Agreement, the lesser of (i) the applicable commercial paper rate for such conduit lender and (ii) the LIBOR for a three month maturity and (b) for all other lenders under the Citibank Facility, LIBOR, plus, in each case, an applicable spread. During the Reinvestment Period, the applicable spread is the greater of (i) a weighted average rate of (x) 1.65 per year for broadly syndicated loans and (y) 2.25 per year for all other eligible loans and (ii) 1.85 . After the Reinvestment Period, the applicable spread is 3.00 per year. There is also a non-usage fee of (i) 0.40 per year for the first six months following the Citibank Closing Date (the Ramp-Up Period and (ii) 0.50 per year thereafter, in each case, on the unused portion of the Citibank Facility, payable quarterly provided that if after the Ramp-Up Period the unused portion of the Citibank Facility is greater than 30 of the commitments under the Citibank Facility, the non-usage fee will be based on an unused portion of 30 of the commitments under the Citibank Facility. 
 The Citibank Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of OSI 2 SPV s assets. 
 As part of the Citibank Facility, OSI 2 SPV is subject to certain limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used and the types of loans that are eligible to be acquired by OSI 2 SPV including, but not limited to, restrictions on sector concentrations, loan size, tenor and minimum investment ratings (or estimated ratings). The Citibank Facility also contains certain requirements relating to interest coverage, collateral quality and portfolio performance, certain violations of which could result in the acceleration of the amounts due under the Citibank Facility. 
 Under the Citibank Facility, the Company and OSI 2 SPV, as applicable, have made customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. 
 OSI 2 SPV s borrowings are non-recourse to the Company but are considered borrowings of the Company for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the Investment Company Act. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company had 200.0 million and 100.0 million, respectively, outstanding under the Citibank Facility. The Company s borrowings under the Citibank Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 2.32 , 2.91 and 4.03 for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 3,999,650, 2,692,069 and 160,052, respectively, related to the Citibank Facility. 
 
 Secured Borrowings 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company had 10.0 million of secured borrowings outstanding, which were recorded as a result of certain securities that were sold and simultaneously repurchased at a premium, with amounts payable to the counterparty due on the repurchase settlement date, which is generally within 90 days of the trade date. There were no secured borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2020. The Company recorded 0.2 million of interest expense in connection with secured borrowings for the year ended September 30, 2021. The Company's secured borrowings bore interest at a weighted average rate of 3.23 for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

108 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Principal Payments 
 Scheduled principal payments for debt obligations as of September 30, 2021 are as follows 
 Payments due during fiscal years ended September 30, Total 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 and Thereafter CNB-2 Facility 51,000,000 51,000,000 Citibank Facility 200,000,000 200,000,000 Secured borrowings 9,969,425 9,969,425 Total 260,969,425 9,969,425 51,000,000 200,000,000 

Note 7. Interest Income 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, there were no investments on which the Company had stopped accruing cash and or PIK interest and or OID income. As of September 30, 2020, there was one investment on which the Company had stopped accruing cash and or PIK interest and or OID income. 
 The percentages of the Company's debt investments at cost and fair value by accrual status as of September 30, 2020 were as follows 
 Cost of Debt Portfolio Fair Value of Debt Portfolio Accrual 426,252,220 99.65 427,093,265 99.81 Cash non-accrual (1) 1,491,750 0.35 813,580 0.19 Total 427,743,970 100.00 427,906,845 100.00 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Cash non-accrual status is inclusive of PIK and other non-cash income, where applicable. 
 
 Note 8. Taxable Distributable Income 
 Taxable income differs from net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations primarily due to (1) unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and foreign currency, as gains and losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized, (2) organizational and deferred offering costs and (3) the capital gains incentive fee accrual. 
 Listed below is a reconciliation of net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to taxable income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 Year ended September 30, 2020 Year ended September 30, 2019 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 36,739,845 22,307,607 5,619,394 Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation (7,280,860) 1,439,671 (1,691,630) Book tax differences due to capital gains incentive fee 1,765,387 1,027,505 385,550 Book tax difference due to organizational and deferred offering costs (30,407) (30,407) 668,719 Other book tax differences 1,397,679 (676,078) 14,515 Taxable income (1) 32,591,644 24,068,298 4,996,548 
 __________________ 
 (1) The Company's taxable income for the year ended September 30, 2021 is an estimate and will not be finally determined until the Company files its tax return. Therefore, the final taxable income may be different than the estimate. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a total provision for income tax expense of 126,088, which was comprised of a deferred income tax expense of 113,535 that resulted from unrealized appreciation on an investment held by a wholly-owned taxable subsidiary and a current tax expense of 12,553. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company recognized a total provision for income tax benefit of 6,367, which was comprised of a current income tax benefit of 10,206 partially offset by a deferred income tax expense of 3,839 that resulted from unrealized appreciation on investments held by wholly-owned taxable subsidiaries. 

109 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of September 30, 2021, the Company's tax year end, the components of accumulated undistributed income on a tax basis were as follows 
 Undistributed ordinary income, net 6,474,540 Net realized capital gains Unrealized gains, net 2,673,270 
 The aggregate cost of investments for income tax purposes was 573,402,904 as of September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all investments in which there was an excess of value over cost for income tax purposes was 28,135,526. As of September 30, 2021, the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all investments in which there was an excess of cost for income tax purposes over value was 25,462,256. As of September 30, 2021, net unrealized depreciation based on the aggregate cost of investments for income tax purposes was 2,673,270. 

Note 9. Concentration of Credit Risks 
 The Company deposits its cash with financial institutions and at times such balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company limits its exposure to credit loss by depositing its cash with high credit quality financial institutions and monitoring their financial stability. 

Note 10. Related Party Transactions 
 The Company has entered into an Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company pays the Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components - the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee (each as defined below). 
 Management Fee 
 Prior to (i) the listing of the Company s Common Stock on a national securities exchange or (ii) an initial public offering of the Company s Common Stock that results in gross proceeds to the Company of at least 50 million and a listing of the Common Stock on a national securities exchange (each of (i) and (ii), a Qualified Listing ), if any, the Adviser is entitled to receive quarterly in arrears a management fee (the Management Fee equal to 1.00 per annum (the Applicable Management Fee Percentage of the Company s Gross Asset Value (as defined below) provided, that prior to a Qualified Listing, the Management Fee does not exceed 1.75 per annum of the Unleveraged Asset Value (as defined below). From and after the date of a Qualified Listing, if any, the Applicable Management Fee Percentage will increase to 1.50 per annum of the Company s Gross Asset Value. 
 For purposes of calculating the Management Fee, the Gross Asset Value is determined by the Company s board of directors (including any committee thereof). Until August 6, 2019, the Management Fee for each quarter was calculated based on the Company s average Gross Asset Value at the end of each month during such calendar quarter (prior to taking into account any Incentive Fee) provided, that the Management Fee for the Company s first calendar quarter was calculated based on the Company s Gross Asset Value at the end of such calendar quarter (prior to taking into account any Incentive Fee). Following August 6, 2019, the Management Fee for each quarter is calculated based on the Company s average Gross Asset Value at the end of such quarter and at the end of the preceding quarter (in each case, prior to taking into account any Incentive Fee) provided, that the Management Fee for the calendar quarter in which the Company consummates a Qualified Listing will be calculated based on the Company s Gross Asset Value at the end of such calendar quarter (prior to taking into account any Incentive Fee). For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, base management fees were 5,277,116, 3,689,499 and 1,570,326, respectively. 
 The term Gross Asset Value means the value of the Company s gross assets, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, including portfolio investments purchased with borrowed funds and other forms of leverage, but excluding cash and cash equivalents. 
 The term Unleveraged Asset Value means the Gross Asset Value less the Company s borrowings for investment purposes determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (other than borrowings under the Company s investor subscription credit facility that are repaid within 180 days following incurrence). 

110 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Incentive Fee 
 The Incentive Fee consists of two parts the Investment Income Incentive Fee and the Capital Gains Incentive Fee (each defined below). 
 Investment Income Incentive Fee 
 The Investment Income Incentive Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, which means consolidated interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the Management Fee, Company expenses and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt, but excluding the Incentive Fee). The Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as OID, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that has not yet been received in cash. For the avoidance of doubt, the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle of 1.50 per quarter (6 annualized) (the Hurdle Rate ). The Company pays the Adviser an Investment Income Incentive Fee each quarter as follows 
 (a) Hurdle Rate Return No Investment Income Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the Hurdle Rate 
 (b) Catch-Up 100 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Rate but is less than a 1.875 (7.5 annualized) rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets in such calendar quarter (the Catch-Up ), which is intended to provide the Adviser with 20 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if the Hurdle Rate did not apply, if the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the Hurdle Rate in such calendar quarter and 
 (c) 80 20 Split 20 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds a 1.875 (7.5 annualized) rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets in such calendar quarter, so that once the Hurdle Rate is reached and the Catch-Up in (b) immediately above is achieved, 20 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter is allocated to the Adviser. 
 The foregoing calculations will be appropriately prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any issuances or repurchases of Common Stock during a quarter. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, Investment Income Incentive Fees were 7,155,662, 3,955,710 and 411,257, respectively. 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee 
 In addition to the Investment Income Incentive Fee described above, the Adviser is entitled to receive a Capital Gains Incentive Fee (as defined below). The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year. The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is equal to 20 of the realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from the date of the Initial Closing through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Incentive Fee with respect to each of the investments in the Company s portfolio, provided, that the Capital Gains Incentive Fee determined as of December 31, 2018 was calculated for a period of shorter than 12 calendar months to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation from the date of the Initial Closing through the end of 2018 (the Capital Gains Incentive Fee, and together with the Investment Income Incentive Fee, the Incentive Fee ). 
 Although the Capital Gains Incentive Fee due to the Adviser is not payable until it is contractually due based on the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company accrues this component at the end of each reporting period based on the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from the date of the Initial Closing through the end of each reporting period, computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Incentive Fee, as contractually included in the calculation of the Capital Gains Incentive Fee, plus the cumulative amount of unrealized capital appreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a 

111 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

period, then the Company will accrue an incentive fee equal to 20 of such amount. If such amount is negative, then there will be no accrual for such period or an appropriate reduction in any amount previously accrued. U.S. GAAP requires that the Capital Gains Incentive Fee accrual consider cumulative unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a Capital Gains Incentive Fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company accrued Capital Gains Incentive Fees of 2,029,815, 1,027,505 and 385,550, respectively. As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, there was 3,220,463 and 1,455,076, respectively, of Capital Gains Incentive Fee accrued on a cumulative basis. As of September 30, 2021, 264,428 of Capital Gains Incentive Fees were paid cumulatively under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company had a liability on its Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities in the amounts of 6,433,876 and 4,468,874, respectively, reflecting the unpaid portion of the Base Management Fee and Incentive Fees payable to the Adviser. 
 Administration Agreement 
 The Company entered into an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with Oaktree Fund Administration, LLC (the Administrator ), an affiliate of the Adviser. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes the Company with office facilities (certain of which are located in buildings owned by a Brookfield affiliate), equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and recordkeeping services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator also performs, or oversees the performance of, the Company s required administrative services, which include, among other things, providing assistance in accounting, legal, compliance, operations, technology and investor relations, and being responsible for the financial records that the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports to stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists the Company in determining and publishing the net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to the Company s stockholders, and generally overseeing the payment of the Company s expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. 
 Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for its costs and expenses incurred in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement and providing personnel and facilities. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party, by the vote of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities, or by the vote of the Company s directors or by the Administrator. In addition, our Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement (the Sub-Administration Agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company State Street ), pursuant to which State Street provides certain administrative and professional services. The Company bears all of the costs and expenses of any sub-administration agreements that the Administrator enters into. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Company bears its allocable portion of the costs of the compensation, benefits, and related administrative expenses (including travel expenses) of the Company s officers who provide operational and administrative services under the Administration Agreement, their respective staffs and other professionals who provide services to the Company (including, in each case, employees of the Administrator or an affiliate) who assist with the preparation, coordination, and administration of the foregoing or provide other back office or middle office financial or operational services to the Company. The Company reimburses the Adviser (or its affiliates) for an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Adviser (or its affiliates) to such individuals (based on a percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to the Company s business and affairs and to acting on the Company s behalf). Our board of directors reviews the fees payable under the Administration Agreement to determine that these fees are reasonable and comparable to administrative services charged by unaffiliated third parties. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred 499,710 of expenses under the Administration Agreement, of which 418,580 was included in administrator expense and the remaining 81,130 was included in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company incurred 551,954 of expenses under the Administration Agreement, of which 470,898 was included in administrator expense and the remaining 81,056 was included in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company incurred 644,180 of expenses under the Administration Agreement, of which 421,173 was included in administrator expense and the remaining 223,007 was included across general and administrative expenses, offering costs and organization expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, 1,055,391 and 570,134, respectively, was included in Due to affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, reflecting the unpaid portion of administrative expenses and other reimbursable expenses. 

112 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Placement Agent Agreement 
 The Company has entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with OCM Investments, LLC (the Placement Agent ), an affiliate of the Adviser, which may require investors (other than investors sourced by the Company, the Adviser, the Placement Agent or their respective affiliates) to pay a distribution fee to the Placement Agent for its services. Although the Company does not pay any fees to the Placement Agent, the Company indemnifies the Placement Agent in connection with its activities. 

Note 11. Financial Highlights 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 Year ended September 30, 2020 Year ended September 30, 2019 Net asset value at beginning of period 19.94 20.65 19.70 Net investment income (1) 1.53 1.38 0.90 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (1)(2) 0.42 (1.24) 0.37 Net realized gains (losses) (1) 0.17 0.53 0.06 Provision for income taxes (1) (0.01) Distributions of net investment income to stockholders (1.74) (1.38) (0.47) Distributions of capital gains to stockholders (0.40) Effect of sale price of drawdowns (3) 0.09 Net asset value at end of period 19.91 19.94 20.65 Total return (4) 11.03 3.46 7.21 Common stock outstanding at beginning of period 17,401,121 8,309,861 1,541,738 Common stock outstanding at end of period 17,401,121 17,401,121 8,309,861 Net assets at beginning of period 347,001,767 171,626,750 30,372,317 Net assets at end of period 346,503,209 347,001,767 171,626,750 Average net assets (5) 347,574,530 239,649,143 83,242,777 Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 7.65 7.16 4.43 Ratio of total expenses to average net assets 6.47 6.54 9.58 Ratio of portfolio turnover to average investments at fair value 47.55 64.79 16.41 Weighted average outstanding debt 180,967,198 123,846,995 56,718,082 Average debt per share (1) 10.40 9.97 13.85 Asset coverage ratio (6) 232.78 428.45 306.78 
 (1) Calculated based upon weighted average shares outstanding for the period. (2) The amount shown does not correspond with net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 as it includes the effect of the timing of equity issuances. (3) Increase is due to drawdowns during the period that were executed at a sale price at a premium to net asset value in order to effect a reallocation of organizational costs to subsequent investors. (4) Total return is calculated as the change in net asset value NAV per share during the period, plus distributions per share or capital activity, if any, divided by the beginning NAV per share, assuming a dividend reinvestment price equal to the NAV per share at the beginning of the period. (5) Calculated based upon the weighted average net assets for the period. (6) Based on outstanding senior securities of 261.0 million, 105.6 million and 83.0 million as of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

113 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Senior Securities 
 
 Information about the Company's senior securities (including debt securities and other indebtedness) is shown in the following table as of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Class and Year Total Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Treasury Securities(1) Asset Coverage Per Unit(2) Involuntary Liquidating Preference Per Unit(3) Average Market Value Per Unit CNB-1 Facility Fiscal 2019 65,000,000 3,068 N A CNB-2 Facility Fiscal 2020 5,000,000 4,285 N A Fiscal 2021 51,000,000 2,328 N A Citibank Facility Fiscal 2019 18,000,000 3,068 N A Fiscal 2020 100,000,000 4,285 N A Fiscal 2021 200,000,000 2,328 N A Derivative Liability Fiscal 2020 647,889 4,285 N A Secured Borrowings Fiscal 2021 9,969,425 2,328 N A Total Senior Securities Fiscal 2019 83,000,000 3,068 N A Fiscal 2020 105,647,889 4,285 N A Fiscal 2021 260,969,425 2,328 N A 
 __________ 
 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period. 
 (2) The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as the Company's consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by total senior securities representing indebtedness. This asset coverage ratio is multiplied by 1,000 to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. 
 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The - indicates information that the Securities and Exchange Commission expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 

114 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of its portfolio companies. As indicated in the table below, as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 48,497,448 and 43,585,363, respectively, of unfunded commitments to provide debt and equity financing to certain of the Company's portfolio companies. Such commitments are subject to the portfolio company's satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and may involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Coty Inc. 6,352,000 Athenex, Inc. 6,242,124 8,322,832 Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 4,497,280 RumbleOn, Inc. 3,939,637 Gulf Operating, LLC 3,470,000 Assembled Brands Capital LLC 2,690,942 3,904,072 Latam Airlines Group S.A. 1,883,102 Sunland Asphalt & Construction, LLC 1,767,564 NeuAG, LLC 1,551,000 1,551,000 SumUp Holdings Luxembourg S. .R.L. 1,406,325 CorEvitas, LLC 1,181,433 1,894,500 BAART Programs, Inc. 1,087,000 Pluralsight, LLC 1,057,932 Olaplex, Inc. 1,026,000 513,000 Accupac, Inc. 913,612 856,511 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC 866,429 Thermacell Repellents, Inc. 833,333 Mindbody, Inc. 761,905 761,905 MRI Software LLC 693,399 2,577,616 Thrasio, LLC 666,700 Dialyze Holdings, LLC 630,750 SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. 617,786 OTG Management, LLC 610,476 PRGX Global, Inc. 609,399 Berner Food & Beverage, LLC 598,373 Relativity ODA LLC 543,700 The Avery 466,977 Acquia Inc. 431,113 468,601 Telestream Holdings Corporation 360,720 Apptio, Inc. 276,923 461,538 Digital.AI Software Holdings, Inc. 236,693 109 Montgomery Owner LLC 226,821 WPEngine, Inc. 9,504,950 NuStar Logistics, L.P. 7,054,000 A.T. Holdings II S RL 2,720,000 Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC 2,148,573 OEConnection LLC 560,336 Immucor, Inc. 197,694 iCIMs, Inc. 88,235 48,497,448 43,585,363 

115 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 13. Derivative Instruments 
 The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts from time to time to help mitigate the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on the value of the Company s investments denominated in foreign currencies. 
 In order to better define its contractual rights and to secure rights that will help the Company mitigate its counterparty risk, the Company entered into an International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. Master Agreement ISDA Master Agreement with its derivative counterparty, The Bank of New York Mellon. The ISDA Master Agreement permits a single net payment in the event of a default or similar event. As of September 30, 2021, no cash collateral has been pledged to cover obligations and no cash collateral has been received from the counterparty with respect to the Company's foreign currency forward contracts. 
 Net unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency forward contracts are included in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) and net realized gains or losses on foreign currency forward contracts are included in net realized gains (losses) in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign currency forward contracts are considered undesignated derivative instruments. 
 Certain information related to the Company s foreign currency forward contracts is presented below as of September 30, 2021. 
 Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Gross Amount of Recognized Assets Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities Balance Sheet Location of Net Amounts Foreign currency forward contract 13,551,234 11,534,208 11 12 2021 173,075 Derivative asset Foreign currency forward contract 17,392,336 12,568,533 11 12 2021 444,929 Derivative asset 618,004 
 Certain information related to the Company s foreign currency forward contracts is presented below as of September 30, 2020. 
 Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Gross Amount of Recognized Assets Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities Balance Sheet Location of Net Amounts Foreign currency forward contract 6,662,097 6,026,830 11 12 2020 411,465 Derivative liability Foreign currency forward contract 9,893,413 7,833,885 11 12 2020 236,424 Derivative liability 647,889 

116 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 14. Subsequent Events 
 The Company's management evaluated subsequent events through the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements. There have been no subsequent events that occurred during such period that would require disclosure in, or would be required to be recognized in, the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021, except as discussed below. 
 
 Distribution Declaration 
 On December 10, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors approved a quarterly distribution of 0.42 per share, payable in cash on December 28, 2021 to the Company's stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 15, 2021. Additionally, on December 10, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors approved a special distribution of 0.38 per share, payable in cash on December 28, 2021 to the Company's stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 15, 2021. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at the reasonable assurance level, in timely identifying, recording, processing, summarizing and reporting any material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, and effected by such company's board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company 
 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and 

117 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 

(c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 On December 10, 2021, our board of directors appointed Matthew Stewart as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, effective immediately. Mathew Pendo, previously the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer, will continue in his role as the Company s President. 
 
 Mr. Stewart joined OCM in 2017 and currently serves as a senior vice president and investment professional on OCM s Strategic Credit team. Prior to joining OCM, Mr. Stewart was a vice president at Fifth Street Management. Prior thereto, he was a director at Stifel Nicolaus where he worked in the Leveraged Finance group. Mr. Stewart began his career as a senior associate at BDO Consulting in the Business Restructuring group before moving on to serving as a vice president in the institutional fixed income business at Knight Capital Group. He received a B.B.A. in finance and a B.S. in accountancy from Villanova University. Mr. Stewart is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and CFA charterholder. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the SOX Code of Ethics ), which applies to, among others, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. There have been no material changes to our SOX Code of Ethics or material waivers of the code that apply to our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. We hereby undertake to provide a copy of this code to any person, without charge, upon request. Requests for a copy of this code may be made in writing addressed to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., 333 South Grand Avenue 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

118 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Documents filed as part of this annual report 
 
 The following reports and financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 72 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2021 73 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2020 83 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 91 

119 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(b) Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC 
 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (1) 
 4.1 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (2) 
 4.2 
 Description of Securities 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2020, by and between the Company and Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC. (3) 
 10.2 
 Administration Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2019, by and between the Company and Oaktree Fund Administration, LLC (4) 
 10.3 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (1) 
 10.4 
 Custody Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2018, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (1) 
 10.5 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2019, by and among Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. (5) 
 10.6 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, by and among Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. (6) 
 10.7 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2020, by and among Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A. (7) 
 10.8 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2020, by and between Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., as borrower, and City National Bank, as lender. (8) 
 10.9 
 Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, and Citibank, N.A. (9) 
 10.10 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, by and among Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, and Citibank, N.A. (10) 
 10.11 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, by and between Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. and City National Bank. (11) 
 21 Subsidiaries OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC - Delaware 
 24 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto) 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

120 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Filed herewith. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-12G filed by the Company on August 3, 2018 (File No. 000-55975) (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-12G A filed by the Company on October 2, 2018 (File No. 000-55975) (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 13, 2020 (File No. 814-01281) (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed by the Company on December 18, 2019 (File No. 814-01281) (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed by the Company on August 14, 2019 (File No. 814-01281) (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on December 18, 2019 (File No. 814-01281) (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 8, 2020 (File No. 814-01281) (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 12, 2020 (File No. 814-01281) (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 6, 2021 (File No. 814-01281) (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 6, 2021 (File No. 814-01281) (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 6, 2021 (File No. 814-01281) 

121 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

122 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. By s Armen Panossian Armen Panossian Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer By s Mel Carlisle Mel Carlisle Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Date December 14, 2021 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Armen Panossian and Mel Carlisle, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone), his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and on his behalf and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign, execute and file this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, and any or all amendments to this Report, with all exhibits and any and all documents required to be filed with respect thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory authority, granting unto such attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing appropriate or necessary to be done in order to effectuate the same, as fully to all intents and purposes as he himself might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date s Armen Panossian 
 Armen Panossian 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer (principal executive officer) December 14, 2021 
 s Mel Carlisle 
 Mel Carlisle 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) December 14, 2021 
 s Deborah A. Gero 
 Deborah A. Gero 
 Director December 14, 2021 
 s Allison Keller 
 Allison Keller 
 Director December 14, 2021 
 s Steve Mosko 
 Steve Mosko 
 Director December 14, 2021 

123 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 OAKTREE STRATEGIC INCOME II, INC. By s Armen Panossian Armen Panossian Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer By s Mel Carlisle Mel Carlisle Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Date December 14, 2021 

124 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 osiii-descriptionofsecurit.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 Description of Securities 
 
 Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit is attached. 
 The following description is based on relevant portions of the DGCL, the Investment Company Act, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws (our Bylaws and our Certificate of Incorporation are referred to collectively as the Governing Documents ). This summary possesses the provisions deemed to be material, but is not necessarily complete, and you should refer to the Investment Company Act, the DGCL, and our Governing Documents for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 Capital Stock 
 Our authorized stock consists of 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of September 30, 2021, we have 17,401,121 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and as of such date we have not issued any shares of preferred stock. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Delaware law, holders of equity securities of a corporation, such as our Common Stock, will generally not be personally liable for our debts or obligations. Unless our board of directors determines otherwise, we will issue all shares of our capital stock in uncertificated form. 
 Common Stock 
 Under the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation, holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of Stockholders, and holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, subject to the rights of any outstanding preferred stock, holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock in any election of directors may elect all of the directors standing for election. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive proportionately any dividends declared by our board, subject to any preferential dividend rights of outstanding preferred stock. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive ratably our net assets available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and will be subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of Common Stock have no redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of Common Stock will be subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. In addition, holders of Common Stock may participate in our dividend reinvestment plan if we adopt one. 
 Purchasers of our shares of Common Stock are subject to a Subscription Agreement. The Subscription Agreement provides that shares of Common Stock issued prior to a Liquidity Event may not be Transferred unless (a) we give consent, (b) the Transfer is made in accordance with applicable securities laws and (c) the Transfer otherwise complies with the restrictions in the Subscription Agreement. 
 The Subscription Agreement also provides that, following a Qualified Listing and continuing to and including the second anniversary of the completion of the Qualified Listing, a Stockholder may not, without our prior written consent, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file (or participate in the filing of) a registration statement with the SEC in respect of, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder with respect to any Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce an intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Stockholder may, without any further action on our part (but subject to any underwriters lock-up or other contractual restriction the Stockholder may be or become a party to), beginning on the date that is 180 calendar days after the Qualified Listing, Transfer Common Stock in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act (pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise) provided that the number of shares of Common Stock so Transferred (a) may not exceed 25 of the Stockholder s shares of Common Stock owned as of the completion of the Qualified Listing prior to 365 days after the completion of the Qualified Listing, (b) may not exceed 50 of the Stockholder s shares of Common Stock owned as of the completion of the Qualified Listing prior to 540 days after the completion of the Qualified Listing, and (c) may not exceed 75 of the 
 
 4827-6354-7851 v.3 

Stockholder s shares of Common Stock owned as of the completion of the Qualified Listing prior to 720 days after the completion of the Qualified Listing and provided, further that any Common Stock owned by the Stockholder as of the completion of the Qualified Listing not previously Transferred may be Transferred commencing 720 days after the completion of the Qualified Listing. Stockholders may also be restricted from selling or disposing of their Common Stock for a specified period of time pursuant to a customary lock-up agreement with the underwriters in connection with such Qualified Listing. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation, our board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series without Stockholder approval. The board of directors has discretion to establish the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the voting powers (if any), designations, powers, preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other rights, if any, of the shares of each series, and any qualifications, limitations, or restrictions. The Investment Company Act limits our flexibility as to certain rights and preferences of the preferred stock under the Certificate of Incorporation. In particular, every share of stock issued by a BDC must be voting securities and have equal voting rights with every other outstanding class of voting securities, except to the extent that the stock satisfies the requirements for being treated as a senior security, which requires, among other things, that 
 
 immediately after issuance and before any distribution is made with respect to Common Stock, we must meet an asset coverage ratio, as calculated as provided in the Investment Company Act, of at least 150 and 
 
 the holders of shares of preferred stock must be entitled as a class to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if and for so long as dividends on the preferred stock are unpaid in an amount equal to two full years of dividends on the preferred stock. 
 The features of the preferred stock are further limited by the requirements applicable to RICs under the Code. 
 Except as required by law, (a) holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of the outstanding shares of any class or classes or series of capital stock (other than one or more series of preferred stock) if the holders of such affected class, classes or series are entitled, either separately as a class or together with the holders of one or more other such class or classes or series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation or pursuant to Delaware law and (b) holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation relating to any increase in the authorized number of shares of any class of capital stock, including the preferred stock. 
 The purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a Stockholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with providing leverage for our investment program, possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 
 Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL allows us to include in our Certificate of Incorporation a provision that limits or eliminates the personal liability of a director to us or the Stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision may not limit or eliminate liability 
 
 for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our Stockholders 
 
 for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional or a knowing violation of law 
 
 under Section 174 of the DGCL, which relates to unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemptions or 
 
 for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 
 
 4827-6354-7851 v.3 

Section 145 of the DGCL allows for the indemnification of officers, directors, and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to indemnify such person under certain circumstances for liabilities, including 
 reimbursement for expenses, arising under the Securities Act. Our Governing Documents provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law, and this right to indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives however, for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, we will not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless that proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by our board of directors. The right to indemnification includes the right to be paid by us the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition. 
 Our obligation to provide indemnification and advancement of expenses is subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act and Investment Company Act Release No. 11330, which, among other things, preclude indemnification for any liability (whether or not there is an adjudication of liability or the matter has been settled) arising by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of duties, and require reasonable and fair means for determining whether indemnification will be made. 
 In addition, we entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and officers that provide for a contractual right to indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. 
 We may, to the extent authorized from time to time by our board, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to our employees and agents similar to those conferred to our directors and officers. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses are subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act to the extent applicable. Any repeal or modification of the Certificate of Incorporation by our Stockholders will not adversely affect any rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses of a director or officer existing at the time of the repeal or modification with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to the repeal or modification. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 The following summary outlines certain provisions of Delaware law and the Certificate of Incorporation regarding anti-takeover provisions. 
 These provisions could have the effect of limiting the ability of other entities or persons to acquire control of us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, or to change the composition of our board of directors. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. These measures, however, may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our Stockholders and could have the effect of depriving Stockholders of an opportunity to sell their shares of Common Stock at a premium over prevailing market prices. These measures could also have the effect of increasing our expenses and disrupting our normal operation. We believe, however, that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging acquisition proposals because the negotiation of the proposals may improve their terms. 
 Business Combinations 
 We have elected not to be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. However, the Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that, at any point in time in which the Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, have the same effect as Section 203, except that it exempts Oaktree and its affiliates, and certain of their respective direct or indirect transferees and any group as to 
 which such persons are a party, from the effect of those provisions. In general, those provisions will prohibit us from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 prior to such time, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 

4827-6354-7851 v.3 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting securities outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting securities outstanding (but not the outstanding voting securities owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (i) persons who are our directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 
 at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at a meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting securities that are not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 These provisions define business combination to include the following 
 
 any merger or consolidation involving us or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of us (a) with the interested stockholder, or (b) with any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation the above prohibition on business combinations in the Certificate of Incorporation is not applicable to the surviving entity 

any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a stockholder of such corporation, to or with the interested stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of our assets or of any of our direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries which assets have an aggregate market value equal to 10 or more of either the aggregate market value of all our assets determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all our outstanding stock 
 
 subject to certain specified exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by us or by any of our direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries of any of our stock or of such subsidiary to the interested stockholder 
 
 any transaction involving us or any of our direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries that has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of any class or series (or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series) of our stock or of any such subsidiary owned by the interested stockholder, except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption of any shares of stock not caused, directly or indirectly, by the interested stockholder or 
 
 any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as our stockholder), of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits (other than those expressly permitted in the above bullet points) provided by or through us or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary. 
 In general, these provisions define an interested stockholder as any entity or person (other than us or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of us) that (i) is the beneficial owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting securities (excluding persons whose ownership is in excess of the 15 limitation as a result of any action taken solely by the Company) or (ii) is an affiliate or associate of us and was the beneficial owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting securities at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the relevant date, and the affiliates or associates of any such entity or person, but Oaktree and its affiliates, and certain of their respective direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party are excluded from the definition of interested stockholder. 
 
 4827-6354-7851 v.3 

Classified Board 
 Our Governing Documents provide that 
 
 the board of directors be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in size as possible, with staggered three-year terms (and the number of directors may never be fewer than one or greater than 12) 
 
 directors elected by our Stockholders may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of 75 of the holders of our capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote in the election of directors and 
 
 subject to the rights of any holders of preferred stock, any vacancy on the board of directors, however the vacancy occurs, and any newly created directorship due to an enlargement of the board, may only be filled by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 
 The classification of our board of directors and the limitations on removal of directors and filling of vacancies and newly created directorships could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring us. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors helps to ensure the continuity and stability of management and our policies. 
 Action by Stockholders 
 Our Bylaws also provide that 
 
 any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may only be taken if it is properly brought before such meeting and 
 
 special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by or at the direction of our board of directors, the Chairman of the board, or the Chief Executive Officer, and may not be called by any other person. 
 Our Bylaws provide that for Stockholder-proposed nominations and other matters to be considered properly brought before a meeting, a Stockholder must comply with requirements regarding advance notice. The purpose of requiring Stockholders to give us advance notice of Stockholder-proposed nominations and other business is to afford our board of directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our board of directors, to inform Stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of Stockholders. The Certificate of Incorporation further provides that Stockholders may not take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting following a Qualified Listing. These provisions may discourage another person or entity from making a tender offer for Common Stock, except that they may do so prior to a Qualified Listing, because such person or entity, even if it acquired a majority of our outstanding voting securities, would be able to take action as a Stockholder (such as electing new directors or approving a merger) only at a duly called Stockholders meeting, and not by written consent. 
 Amendments to Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage. From and after the consummation of a Qualified Listing, the 
 Certificate of Incorporation will require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 in voting power of the capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, to amend certain specified provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation relating to our board of directors, limitation of liability and indemnification, amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, meetings of stockholders, certain business combinations, and termination. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation permits our board of directors to amend or repeal our bylaws. Our Bylaws generally will be able to be amended or repealed by approval of a majority of the total number of authorized directors then in office. Additionally, our Stockholders will have the power to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 in voting power of all of the then-outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon. 
 
 4827-6354-7851 v.3 

Conflict with Investment Company Act 
 Our Bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the DGCL or the Bylaws conflict with any provision of the Investment Company Act, the applicable provision of the Investment Company Act will control. 
 Submission to Jurisdiction Venue 
 Our Bylaws provide that, by purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock, a Stockholder is consenting to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees or Stockholders to us or our Stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

4827-6354-7851 v.3 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 osiii-ex311_2021093010xk.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 I, Armen Panossian, Chief Executive Officer of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 14 th day of December, 2021. 
 By s Armen Panossian Armen Panossian Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 osiii-ex312_2021093010xk.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 I, Mel Carlisle, Chief Financial Officer of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated this 14 th day of December, 2021. 
 
 By s Mel Carlisle Mel Carlisle Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 osiii-ex321_2021093010xk.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Armen Panossian , the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 s Armen Panossian Name Armen Panossian Date December 14, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 osiii-ex322_2021093010xk.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report of Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Mel Carlisle , the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 s Mel Carlisle Name Mel Carlisle Date December 14, 2021 

</EX-32.2>

