<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211012_10-K_edgar_data_1301991_0001829126-21-011870.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3103398</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>200334</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>312026</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1076724</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>786224</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>630235</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-21-011870.hdr.sgml : 20211012
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211012144932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-21-011870
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211012
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211012

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SmartMetric, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001301991
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54853
		FILM NUMBER:		211318377

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3960 HOWARD HUGHES PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 859-5007

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3960 HOWARD HUGHES PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-21-011870.txt : 20211012

10-K
 1
 smartmetric_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

(Mark
One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____ to________ 

Commission
File Number: 000-54853 

SMARTMETRIC,
 INC. 
 
 (Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 05-0543557 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 identification
 No.) 

3960
 Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 500, Las Vegas, NV 
 
 89109 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code (702) 990-3687 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Non-accelerated
 filer 
 Smaller reporting
 company 

Emerging growth
 company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transaction period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was 8,331,803 computed by reference to the
closing price of the registrant s common stock as quoted on the OTCQB maintained by OTC Markets, Inc. on December 31, 2020 (the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) (which was 0.02 per share). For purposes
of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates. This determination
of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

As
of September 28, 2021, there were 472,859,208 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 
 Item 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF
 COMMENTS 
 19 
 
 Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 19 
 
 Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 19 
 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY
 DISCLOSURES 
 19 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 20 
 
 Item 6 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL
 DATA 
 21 
 
 Item
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 21 
 
 Item 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 22 
 
 Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 25 
 
 Item
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES 
 26 
 
 Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 27 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 28 
 
 Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 30 
 
 Item
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 32 
 
 Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 32 
 
 Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
 FEES AND SERVICES 
 33 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 34 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

In
this annual report, references to SmartMetric, Inc., SmartMetric, SMME, the Company, 
 we, us and our refers to SmartMetric, Inc. Also, any reference to common shares, 
or common stock refers to our 0.001 par value common stock. Also, any reference to preferred stock or preferred
shares refers to our 0.001 par value Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and our 0.001 par value Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to our business development plans, timing
strategies, expectations, anticipated expense levels, business prospects, business outlook, technology spending and various other matters
(including contingent liabilities and obligations and changes in accounting policies, standards and interpretations). These statements
express our current intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies or predictions as well as historical information. Words such as expects, 
 anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, 
 may, will, could, continue, and similar expressions or variations of such words
are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking
statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can
only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult
to predict. Our future operating results are dependent upon many factors which are outside our control. You should not place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation,
our ability to: 

manage
 our business given continuing operating losses and negative cash flows; 

obtain
 sufficient capital to fund our operations, development, and expansion plans; 

manage
 competitive factors and developments beyond our control; 

maintain
 and protect our intellectual property; 

obtain
 patents based on our current and/or future patent applications; 

obtain
 and maintain other rights to technology required or desirable to conduct or expand our business; and 

manage
 any other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section, and elsewhere in this annual report. 

We
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as required by federal securities laws. Readers are urged to carefully review
and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report, which are designed to advise interested parties
of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 

Corporate
History and Overview 

SmartMetric,
Inc. SmartMetric or the Company is a company that was incorporated pursuant to the laws of Nevada on December
18, 2002 and is engaged in the biometric technology manufacturing industry. SmartMetric has an issued patent covering technology that
involves connection to networks using data cards (smart cards and EMV cards). In addition, SmartMetric holds the sole license to five
issued patents covering features of its biometric fingerprint activated cards. SmartMetric s main products are a fingerprint sensor
activated payments card for use in the credit and debit card industry. The SmartMetric fingerprint biometric cards have a rechargeable
battery allowing for portable biometric identification and card activation prior to being presented to or inserted in, a credit or debit
card reader. These cards are herein sometimes referred to as a biometric card or the SmartMetric Biometric Card. 

The
Market for Biometric Credit Cards 

Estimated
Market Size 

The
estimated size of the market for biometric credit and debit cards is significant. While the company is not making any projections on
the actual size of the market a number of industry figures point to the outsized market size and potential. 

According
to EMVCo which is a credit card standards body responsible for the licensing and rules governing EMV chips used on today s credit
and debit cards, more than 10 billion EMV chip cards have been issued by banks globally. 

SmartMetric
contracted an independent consumer market research company to ascertain the potential consumer demand for a credit card with incorporated
fingerprint biometrics. The survey was conducted in the USA and the respondents were Visa credit card users. 

The
result of the consumer research survey is as follows. 

1:
Are you concerned about credit card or identity fraud? 

 Answered
Yes: 80.1 

2:
Would you pay for a safer biometric secured credit card that has a built-in fingerprint reader for your protection? 

 Answered
Yes: 65.5 

3:
What would you prefer to pay for a biometric fingerprint secured safer credit card? 

 Answer
1: 69.95 onetime charge for the life of the card (3 years) 60.2 

 Answer
2: 8.95 per month (includes identity theft insurance) 39.7 

Given
these consumer research results and given the number of credit cards issued by banks, it is a massively large potential market that SmartMetric
has developed its product for. 

All
credit and debit cards that are to be issued by a Bank must be tested and approved of by the card brand network that the card is to operate
on. Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Diners brands and networks all have their own individual testing and approval procedures.
The card brand that SmartMetric is working with published its biometric testing procedures in March of 2021. This caused the company
to make changes to its card. Adding its newly invented anti spoofing live fingerprint detection technology to its biometric card. 

1 

The
SmartMetric Biometric Technology and Products 

SmartMetric s
founder, Chaya Hendrick is the originator and inventor of various miniature biometric activated cards, including the SmartMetric biometric
fingerprint activated payments card with an embedded fully functional fingerprint reader inside the card. The card is the size and thickness
of a standard credit card. The SmartMetric biometric payments card provides for high level security for credit and debit cards by adding
biometric authentication and activation to Europay, MasterCard and Visa EMV chip cards in use around the world. The SmartMetric
biometric payments card has been manufactured to be totally interoperable with existing EMV chip card readers, ATMs as well as banking
payments infrastructure. Using the advanced electronic miniaturization by SmartMetric to make its biometric credit/debit cards the Company
has also created a multi-functional biometric building access control and logical network access card. 

SmartMetric has commenced efforts towards creating
a biometric health insurance card with memory for storing a person s medical files, including medical images. This allows a person
to securely take with them their private medical files inside the card when traveling away from home. For the first time, a person s
complete medical files can be stored in a credit card-sized card and the information is only able to be accessed by the card holder s
own fingerprint. 

SmartMetric
has developed its rechargeable battery powered fingerprint reader that is of a scale that fits inside a standard credit
or debit card. The cardholder has stored inside the card his or her fingerprint. To activate the card the person swipes the fingerprint
sensor, the sensor is connected to an internal microprocessor that manages the fingerprint sensor, fingerprint image capture and comparison
matching with the pre-stored fingerprint of the cardholder held in the internal electronic memory of the card. The card has a surface
mounted EMV chip as found on EMV banking chip cards that is activated or turned on only after a card holder s fingerprint has been
scanned and verified using the SmartMetric miniature in-card biometric scanner. 

There are over ten (10) billion EMV chip cards
used by banks around the world for credit cards, ATM cards and debit cards according to EMVco. SmartMetric sees this existing user base
as a natural market for its advanced biometric activated card technology for the credit and debit card market. SmartMetric has established
a network of card manufacturers and technology distributors to market its in-card biometric products to card issuing banks and in the
case of the SmartMetric biometric security card, to businesses. 

SmartMetric
has also developed a multi-function logical and physical access security card the size and thickness of a standard credit card. Utilizing
the small size breakthroughs by the Company in its biometric payments card development, SmartMetric has successfully developed a biometric
security card that is the size and thickness of a standard credit card that can easily fit inside a person s wallet. 

As
with the biometric payments card, the SmartMetric security card has an internal rechargeable battery that is used to power the card s
internal processor used in the biometric fingerprint scan. All functions and operations of the card are subject to a valid fingerprint
scan and match of the card user. 

Additional
technological advances have now been made on both the Company s biometric credit/debit card and its multifunction cyber security,
building access biometric card. 

2 

In
Card Fingerprint Matching and Verification 

The
SmartMetric Biometric card incorporates a rechargeable, lithium polymer battery. This battery is rechargeable, very thin and has been
designed by SmartMetric to fit inside the SmartMetric fingerprint credit card sized card. This battery is manufactured by a third party
unaffiliated with the Company to SmartMetric s specifications. This battery is embedded inside the card. 

Other
components needed for manufacture of the SmartMetric Biometric Card include, but are not limited to, sensors, microchips, memory chips
and processor chips. The ultra-thin circuit board developed by SmartMetric has, in total, nearly 200 active and passive components. The
sources and availability of these materials are numerous, readily available and should not affect the ability of SmartMetric to meet
future demand. The supply of memory processors and passive components may be interrupted at any time based on global supply/demand issues.
We have not experienced component supply issues to date and the Company, as a matter of policy, has alternative component sources to
mitigate and protect against supply chain issues. 

The
biometric card has been designed to offer the option of a built-in radio frequency transmitter for contactless access and identity verification.
The RFID contactless chip transmission is turned on using the card users fingerprint verification. 

The
thinness form factor of many of the components, has also resulted in the Company having to develop its own process for high volume electronic
assembly. The Company has also successfully overcome the challenge of developing a process of encapsulating the electronics in plastic
to create the credit card sized biometric fingerprint activated card that also has an internal rechargeable battery. 

Standard
credit card manufacturing utilizes machines that require high pressure and high temperature in fusing top and bottom sheets of plastic
together thereby encasing any electronics inside the card. Given the complexity of the card s electronics and vulnerability to
an assembly process involving high heat and high pressure, damage to the electronic circuitry was a major challenge for the Company to
overcome. Research and development activities of the Company allowed the Company to achieve this ability through a trade secret process
that protects the silicon and internal battery that is mounted directly onto the card s internal electronics circuit board. 

The
Security Technology Industry 

SmartMetric
Biometric Multi-Function Security Card 

SmartMetric
has developed a multi-function logical and physical access security card the size and thickness of a standard credit card. Utilizing
the small size breakthroughs by the Company in its biometric payments card development, SmartMetric has successfully developed a biometric
security card that can easily fit inside a person s wallet. 

As
with the biometric payments card, the SmartMetric security card has an internal rechargeable battery that is used to power the card s
internal processor used in the biometric fingerprint scan. All functions and operations of the card are subject to a valid fingerprint
scan and match of the card user. 

The
main features of the SmartMetric biometric security card are: 

1. 
 Logical access
 smartcard card chip for insertion into a card reader attached to a computer or network 

2. 
 RFID transceiver
 for physical access i.e. doorways, elevators, etc. 

3. 
 Validation indicator
 light that glows green immediately following a fingerprint validation 

4. 
 Rechargeable
 battery to power the card 

5. 
 Size and thickness
 of a credit card 

6. 
 Changeable security
 code on reverse of card for additional log on security 

3 

Cybersecurity
and identity validation for network access control, physical building entry and secure on-the-spot identity security is now handled by
the revolutionary biometric activated cyber and ID multi-function security card which has been developed by SmartMetric after over a
decade of R D. 

From
governments to the workplace, better, stronger security is desired across the enterprise. Our new biometric multifunction security card
provides a revolutionary biometric based solution that is portable, easily integrated and backward compatible to existing backend security
infrastructure. 

The
new multifunction biometric security card by SmartMetric is a revolutionary leap forward in the Cyber and Access Security world according
to SmartMetric. 

Access
management market is estimated to grow from USD 8.09 billion in 2016 to USD 14.82 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 12.9 between 2016 and
2021 according to a recent research report by KBV Research in a publication titled Identity Access Management Market Global
Forecast by Marqual IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd (KBV Research) November 2016 KBV Research is a name owned by IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd. 

Biometrics 

Biometric
technologies identify users by electronically capturing a specific biological or behavioral characteristic of that individual, such as
a fingerprint or voice or facial feature, and creating a unique digital identifier from that characteristic. Because this process relies
on largely unalterable human characteristics, positive identification can be achieved independent of any information possessed by the
individual seeking authorization. 

The
process of identity authentication typically requires that a person present for comparison with one or more of the following factors: 

Something
 known such as a password, PIN or mother s maiden name; 

Something
 carried such as a token, card, or key; or 

something
 physical such as fingerprint, voice pattern, signature motion, facial shape or other biological or behavioral characteristic. 

Comparison
of biological and behavioral characteristics has historically been the most reliable and accurate of the three factors but has also been
the most difficult and costly to implement into a single product that can automatically verify the identity of a user accessing a computer
network or the Internet. However, recent advances in biometric collection technologies (both biometric hardware products and their associated
processing software) have increased the speed and accuracy and reduced the cost of implementing biometrics in commercial environments.
Management believes that individuals, website operators, government organizations, and businesses will increasingly use this method of
identity authentication. 

Biometrics
refers to the automatic identification of a person based on his/her physiological or behavioral characteristics. This method of identification
is preferred over traditional methods involving passwords and personal identification numbers PINs for two reasons: (i)
the person to be identified is required to be physically present at the point of identification to be identification; and (ii) identification
based on biometric techniques obviates the need to remember a password or carry a token. By replacing PINs, biometric techniques can
potentially prevent unauthorized access to or fraudulent use of cellular phones, Biometric cards, desktop PCs, workstations and computer
networks. It can be used during transactions conducted via telephone and Internet (e-commerce and e-banking). In automobiles, biometrics
could replace keys-less entry devices. The SmartMetric fingerprint activated credit card that has the fingerprint encased inside the
credit card has been developed to replace the less secure PIN s for credit and debit cards. 

4 

PINs
and passwords may be forgotten, may be hacked and token-based methods of identification, e.g., passports and driver s licenses,
may be forged, stolen or lost. Various types of biometric systems are being used for real-time identification, with the most popular
based on facial recognition and fingerprint matching. Other biometric systems utilize iris and retinal scanning, speech, facial thermograms
and hand geometry. Of the biometric options available to work with a credit or debit card, fingerprint scanning is the only biometric
methodology that has been successfully reduced in size to fit inside such cards. 

A
biometric system is essentially a pattern recognition system, which makes a personal identification by determining the authenticity of
a specific physiological or behavioral characteristic possessed by the user. An important issue in designing a practical system is to
determine how an individual is identified. 

There
are two different ways to resolve a person s identity; verification and identification. Verification (Am I whom I claim I am?)
involves confirming or denying a person s claimed identity. In identification, one has to establish a person s identity (Who
am I?). 

As
stated above, the SmartMetric fingerprint biometric card has been designed as a credit-card sized card embedded with an integrated circuit,
contact chip and biometric fingerprint sensor. The SmartMetric card has been designed to provide not only memory capacity, but also computational
capability along with secure non-refutable identification of the user. We believe that the self-containment of SmartMetric s card
makes it substantially resistant to attack, as it will not need to depend upon vulnerable external resources. Because of this characteristic,
we expect that the SmartMetric biometric card may be used in different applications, which require strong security protection and authentication. 

The
physical structure of a card is specified by the International Standards Organization ISO ). Generally, this structure
is made up of three elements: (i) the plastic card, which is the most basic one and has the dimensions of 85.60mm x 53.98 x 0.80mm; (ii)
an electronic circuit board inlay; and (iii) a contact chip that are embedded in the card. 

The
SmartMetric card has been designed to conform to ISO standards. The electronic circuit inlay is a part of, and not distinct from, the
biometric card. 

The
communication line between the card and ATMs and other standard Smart Card reading devices is bi-directional serial transmission, which
conforms to ISO standards. Card commands and input data are sent to the chip that responds with status words and output data upon the
receipt of these commands and data. Information is sent in half duplex mode (transmission of data is in one direction at a time). This
protocol, together with the restriction of the bit rate, is designed to prevent data attack on the card. Other data protection systems
are utilized inside the card including advanced encryption. 

In
general, the size, the thickness and bend requirements for the biometric card were designed to protect the card from being spoiled physically. 

5 

Recent
Developments 

The
COVID-19 has had an impact on SmartMetric s final card production. While the delays are due to supply line disruption, the Company
is confident that these delays will be short-lived based on advice from our manufacturing partners, manufacturing alternatives and alternative
supply lines that are being put into place by the Company. 

SmartMetric
has presented its fingerprint activated biometric card to a large global payments network and credit/debit card brand. The company has
been advised that the card testing and approval requirements for this network is that the company s biometric fingerprint scanning
must be able to differentiate between a live finger and a fake finger at the time of fingerprint scanning. This is to protect the card
from what is called in the industry, spoofing. 

The
adopted method for this kind of anti-spoofing detection within the biometric industry is performed through intelligent software analysis
done at the time of the fingerprint scan. SmartMetric has tested this methodology and was not confident in its robustness in performing
the task at hand. So as to ensure the highest level of anti-spoofing capability, SmartMetric has developed its own method that it believes
is far in advance to the normal standard within the biometric industry. 

SmartMetric
has completed the invention of its advanced live finger detection method and is now working on its incorporation into the company s
biometric card. Once this has been completed the company will then be presenting its card for testing as a biometric card to the global
payments network. SmartMetric has received a license from this network to move forward with its product testing by the networks designated
biometric card test laboratory. 

The
company s product is different from most other biometric cards that have been announced in that it has its own internal rechargeable
battery. This is important and a must if the card is to be used at ATM s. 

Other
differentiations are the now newly developed advanced anti-spoofing technology. 

Various
versions of the SmartMetric fingerprint biometric card are under development including but not limited to a version that has one time
password OTP display and another that has a small display for showing the cards CVV. 

Other
cards under development based on the company s biometric technology include memory cards with up to 2GB of memory. Also cards that
have much larger display screens that can display such things as Q-Codes. 

The
large-scale memory fingerprint biometric protected card has potential application in the portable medical records industry as well as
advanced applications in the banking and financial transaction industries. 

Years
of research and development has gone into the miniaturization of the electronics at the core of the SmartMetric fingerprint biometric
card. All of the design and electronic engineering has been undertaken by SmartMetric and is the owned property and trade secrets of
the company. 

The
card developed by SmartMetric has its own ARM Cortex processor along with additional memory. The user s fingerprint is stored inside
the cards memory and is protected by advanced very strong elliptic curve cryptography. 

GHS
Equity Financing Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement 

On
March 6, 2020, the Company entered into an equity financing agreement (the Equity Financing Agreement ), and a registration
rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with GHS Investments LLC, a Nevada limited liability company GHS ).
Under the terms of the Equity Financing Agreement, GHS agreed to provide the Company with up to 4,000,000 over the course of 36 months
in return for shares of the Company s common stock. The 36-month period will commence upon effectiveness of a registration statement
on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on August 6, 2020. 

6 

Following
effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company shall have the discretion to deliver puts to GHS and GHS will be obligated to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock based on the investment
amount specified in each put notice. The maximum amount that the Company shall be entitled to put to GHS in each put notice shall not
exceed two hundred percent (200 of the average daily trading dollar volume of the Company s Common Stock during the ten (10)
trading days preceding the put, so long as such amount does not exceed 500,000. Pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement, GHS and
its affiliates will not be permitted to purchase, and the Company may not put shares of the Company s Common Stock to GHS that
would result in GHS s beneficial ownership equaling more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock. The price
of each put share shall be equal to eighty percent (80 of the Market Price (as defined in the Equity Financing Agreement). Puts may
be delivered by the Company to GHS until the earlier of thirty-six (36) months after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement,
the date on which GHS has purchased an aggregate of 4,000,000 worth of Common Stock under the terms of the Equity Financing Agreement,
or at such time that the Registration Statement is no longer in effect. Additionally, in accordance with the Equity Financing Agreement,
the Company issued GHS a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 35,000 and a 9 month maturity date (the Commitment
Note ), with the first 20,000 of the Commitment Note deemed earned upon execution of the Equity Financing Agreement and the remaining
 15,000 of the Commitment Note deemed earned upon payment by GHS of the Company s legal fees. 

The
Registration Rights Agreement provides that the Company shall (i) use its best efforts to file with the Commission the Registration Statement
within 60 days of the date of the Registration Rights Agreement; and (ii) have the Registration Statement declared effective by the Commission
within 30 days after the date the Registration Statement is filed with the Commission, but in no event more than 90 days after the Registration
Statement is filed. 

Sales
and Marketing 

SmartMetric
has engaged distributors and dealers in both North and South America. SmartMetric has entered into an agreement with Redsys the owner
of the ADVANTIS credit and debit card chip that is used in over 1.4 Billion credit/debit cards globally. RedSys/Advantis is owned by
card issuing Banks. Five hundred (500) card issuing banking organizations around the world are issuing credit and debit cards with the
RedSys/ADVANTIS chip. 

SmartMetric
has added the ADVANTIS credit/debit card chip onto the SmartMetric biometric card thereby allowing the existing RedSys / ADVANTIS banks
already issuing credit and debit cards with their chip on board to now issue seamlessly the SmartMetric biometric credit/debit card.
RedSys/ ADVANTIS have agreed to work closely with SmartMetric in promoting the SmartMetric card globally. RedSys/ADVANTIS is owned
by some of the largest Banks in Europe and Latin America. 

7 

Manufacturing 

The
Company designs and develops its biometric technology. Current production capacity is approximately 250,000 cards per week that
can be substantially increased over a relatively short period of time. 

SmartMetric s
President CEO in the card lamination factory. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on patents, licenses, trade secrets, trademarks, copyright registrations and non-disclosure agreements to establish and protect
our proprietary rights in our technologies and products. A number of patents are in process (Patents Pending) that cover critical aspects
of the engineering and function of the SmartMetric biometric card. The founder of SmartMetric, Chaya Hendrick, is the inventor of these
patents, and has provided SmartMetric with an option over biometric card related pending patents invented by her. 

Some
of the most recent Patents Pending have not been disclosed on the publicly searchable USPTO database of filed for patents and remain
trade secrets within the Company. Publishing of such Patents Pending will be done in due course. 

Patents 

SmartMetric
biometric card is protected by five (5) USPTO issued patents. Other patents are pending. Our technology is also dependent upon unpatented
trade secrets. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. In an effort to protect our trade secrets, we have a policy of requiring
our employees, consultants and advisors to execute non-disclosure agreements. The principal shareholder of SmartMetric and technology
inventor, Chaya Hendrick, through various corporate investment vehicles and companies also owns other technologies, patents, and has
financial interest in other technology companies. Chaya Hendrick, under an executed employment agreement is not subject to any restriction
on using and owning any technology, methodology, process or invention created by Chaya Hendrick. 

Government
Regulation 

There
are currently no governmental regulations, which have any bearing on the raw materials or the manufacturing of our payments card products.
United States federal departments such as the Department of Defense have rules and regulations concerning security features of smart
cards used as identity or building and cyber access cards. These regulations stipulate a specific licensing and testing protocol for
such cards. 

8 

Banking
Industry Self-Regulation 

The
EMV chip used in chip cards are subject to licensing and testing by the banking-controlled body called EMVco. EMVco is an acronym standing
for Europay, MasterCard and Visa. These international payments card networks were the founding parties of EMVco. 

Individual
payments networks such as Visa, Mastercard, Europay, American Express, Union Pay Dinners and JCB all have their own individual licensing
and testing standards and processes. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development program is focused on ongoing development of new products built on our existing biometric card. We continue
to refine our technology and develop further improvements to our biometric card products. We have finalized our first biometric EMV payments
card product. We have also concluded the design and electronic engineering for our soon-to-be released multi-function security and access
control biometric cards. Research and development will continue as the Company continues to innovate and develop new biometric card-based
products. Future biometric card-based products the Company is now working on, include but are not limited to: (a) health insurance card
with stored in-card medical records; (b) national identity card; and (c) drivers licenses. 

The
Company has developed and is continuing to develop its own embedded systems and application software that works with the SmartMetric
Biometric Card. This development software and systems and ongoing electronic design and development requires the company to continue
to expend time and financial resources on significant software development. Currently, the Company has electronic and software engineers
working in Tel Aviv, Israel and Buenos Aires, Argentina. 

Competition 

Various
potential competitors have announced products similar to that of SmartMetric s. It is understood that announced is
defined as a person to hold their finger on the cards fingerprint sensor while it is in a card reader. Unlike the SmartMetric biometric
card that is powered from its own internal rechargeable battery, this other type of card does not allow the card to be used in most restaurants
that need to take the card away from the table for processing at the checkout. It also does not allow their other type of card to be
used at the vast majority of ATM s. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this annual report, we have one full time employee, our Chief Executive Officer and President, Chaya Hendrick. We primarily
use direct contract hires in administration and engineering, as is common in the information technology world. All work product developed
by all of our engineers remains the intellectual property of SmartMetric. Engineers who work for SmartMetric under contract are primarily
based in Tel Aviv, Israel. Some software engineering is conducted in Buenos Aires, Argentina. 

Corporate
History 

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 18, 2002 and our principal office is located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Since our inception,
we have invested a substantial portion of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our products. We have generated no
revenues from the sale of our products and have experienced substantial net operating losses. 

9 

We
entered into a royalty and licensing agreement with Chaya Hendrick, our CEO, which requires substantial payments by us on an annual basis
and additionally in the event gross revenues are derived, which could harm our financial position. 

Pursuant
to a licensing and royalty agreement, entered into on September 11, 2017 by the Company and Chaya Hendrick, our founder and CEO, we received
a license to certain patents related to our technologies until the expiration of such patents in exchange for the following : (i) issuance
of 200,000 Series B Convertible Preferred Shares, (ii) 5 of gross revenues derived from the sale of products derived from the patents,
and (iii) annual payments beginning at 50,000 per annum, increased by 100 of each previous year (offset against 5 gross revenue royalty
payments). We believe these patents are instrumental our business plan and if we are unable to make such required payments under the
plan, Chaya Hendrick may terminate the agreement, which may materially impact our business plan. Furthermore, there can be no assurances
that we will be able to continue to meet our financial obligations under the terms of the agreement unless we are able to raise additional
capital through the sale of our securities or derive revenue from some other source. 

Where
to Find More Information 

We
make our public filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form
8-K and all exhibits and amendments to these reports. These materials are available on the Company s website at www.smartmetric.com or
on the SEC s web site, http://www.sec.gov. 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

We
have described below a number of uncertainties and risks which, in addition to uncertainties and risks presented elsewhere in this Annual
Report, may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. The uncertainties and risks enumerated below as
well as those presented elsewhere in this Annual Report should be considered carefully in evaluating us, our business and the value of
our securities. The following important factors, among others, could cause our actual business, financial condition and future results
to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report or presented elsewhere by management
from time to time. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Need to Raise Additional Capital 

We
have a limited operating history as a company and may not be able to effectively operate our business. 

Our
limited staff and operating history mean that there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding our ability to: 

develop
 our technologies and proposed products; 

identify,
 hire and retain the needed personnel to implement our business plan and sell our products; 

Manage
 our growth and / or successfully scale our business; or 

respond
 to competition. 

No
assurances can be given as to exactly when, if at all, we will be able to fully develop, and take the necessary steps to derive any revenues
from our proposed products. 

10 

Our
business depends upon our ability to keep pace with the latest technological changes, and our failure to do so could make us less competitive
in our industry. 

The
market for our services is characterized by rapid change and technological improvements. Failure to respond in a timely and cost-effective
way to these technological developments may result in serious harm to our business and operating results. As a result, our success will
depend, in part, on our ability to develop and market service offerings that respond in a timely manner to the technological advances
of available to our customers, evolving industry standards and changing preferences. 

Raising
capital may be difficult as a result of our history of losses and limited operating history in our current stage of development. 

When
making investment decisions, investors typically look at a company s management, earnings and historical performance in evaluating
the risks and operations of the business and the business s future prospects. Our history of losses and relatively limited operating
history in our current stage of development makes such evaluation, as well as any estimation of our future performance, substantially
more difficult. As a result, investors may be unwilling to invest in us or on terms or conditions which are acceptable. If we are unable
to secure additional financing, we may need to materially scale back our business plan and/or operations or cease operations altogether. 

We
are an early-stage company, have no product revenues, are not profitable and may never be profitable. 

From inception through June 30, 2021, we have
raised approximately 26,000,000 through the sale of our securities. During this same period, we have recorded an accumulated deficit
of approximately 28,859,366. Our net losses for the two most recent fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 were 924,728 and 805,577,
respectively. We have never made any sales and have never generated revenues and we anticipate none will be generated for the foreseeable
future. We expect to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of our products. Accordingly,
we will need additional capital to fund our continuing operations and any expansion plans. Since we do not generate any revenue, the
most likely source of such additional capital is the sale of our securities. To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing
equity securities, our stockholders are likely to experience dilution with regard to their percentage ownership of the company, which
may be significant. If we raise additional capital by incurring debt, we could incur significant interest expense and become subject
to covenants that could affect the manner in which we conduct our business, including securing such debt obligations with our assets. 

To
date, we have generated only losses, which are expected to continue for the foreseeable future. 

For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, we
incurred a net loss of 924,728 and 805,577, respectively. We may not be able to achieve expected results, including any guidance or
outlook it may provide from time to time. 

We
may continue to incur losses and may be unable to achieve profitability. We cannot assure you that our net losses and negative cash flow
will not accelerate and surpass our expectations nor can we assure you that we will ever generate any net income or positive cash flow. 

We
may not be able to continue as a going concern if we do not obtain additional financing by December 31, 2021 . 

Since
our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale of our securities. Our cash and cash equivalents balance at June
30, 2021 was 10,325. Based on our current expected level of operating expenditures, we expect to only be able to fund our operations
through the second quarter (ending December 31, 2021) of fiscal year ending June 30, 2022, at which time we will need additional capital.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is wholly dependent upon obtaining sufficient capital to fund our operations. We have no committed
sources of additional capital and our access to capital funding is always uncertain. Accordingly, despite our ability to secure capital
in the past, we cannot assure you that we will be able to secure additional capital through financing transactions, including issuance
of debt, or through other means. In the event that we are not able to secure additional funding, we may be forced to curtail operations,
delay or stop ongoing clinical trials, cease operations altogether or file for bankruptcy. 

11 

Management s
opinion about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
of June 30, 2021, management has expressed the opinion that our capital resources as of the date of their audit report were sufficient
to sustain operations and complete our planned activities for the upcoming year. Our current cash is sufficient to continue as a going
concern past June 30, 2022. The COVID-19 has had an impact on SmartMetric s final card production. While the delays are due to
supply line disruption, the Company is confident that these delays will be short-lived based on advice from our manufacturing partners,
manufacturing alternatives and alternative supply lines that are being put into place by the Company. 

We
entered into a royalty and licensing agreement with Chaya Hendrick, our CEO, which requires substantial payments by us on an annual basis
and additionally in the event gross revenues are derived, which could harm our financial position. 

Pursuant
to a licensing and royalty agreement, entered into on September 11, 2017 by the Company and Chaya Hendrick, our founder and CEO, we received
a license to certain patents related to our technologies until the expiration of such patents in exchange for the following : (i) Issuance
of 200,000 Series B Convertible Preferred Shares, (ii) 5 of gross revenues derived from the sale of products derived from the patents,
and (iii) annual payments beginning at 50,000 per annum, increased by 100 of each previous year (offset against 5 gross revenue royalty
payments). We believe these patents are instrumental our business plan and if we are unable to make such required payments under the
plan, Chaya Hendrick may terminate the agreement, which may materially impact our business plan. Furthermore, there can be no assurances
that we will be able to continue to meet our financial obligations under the terms of the agreement unless we are able to raise additional
capital through the sale of our securities or derive revenue from some other source. 

As
of June 30, 2021, we owe Chaya Hendrick, our CEO, 737,642 in deferred salary, of which the failure to pay could result in Chaya Hendrick s
termination of employment, the result of which would materially harm our business. 

We
currently have not paid 737,642 in salary owed to Chaya Hendrick pursuant to Chaya Hendrick s employment agreement outstanding
with us as of June 30, 2021. While Chaya Hendrick continues to support the Company and continues to operate as its CEO, President and
chairman of the Board of Directors, there can be no assurances that this will continue if we fail to pay back salaries and future salary
owed. Additionally, as of July 1, 2017, all prior and future deferred salary owed will bear interest at a rate of 7 per annum. In the
event Chaya Hendrick terminates employment for lack of payment, the Company believes such loss would cause irreparable harm to our product
development and would materially harm our business prospects. Additionally, there can be no assurances that Chaya would not attempt to
foreclose on our assets in order to satisfy such debt obligations. 

Risks
Relating to our Stage of Development and Business 

Our
potential competitors have significantly greater resources than we have, which may make competing difficult. 

We
compete against numerous companies, many of which have substantially greater resources than we have. Several such competitors have large
teams of engineers and scientists that attempt to develop products and technologies similar to ours. Companies such as Gemalto, Giesecke
 Devrient, IDEMIA, as well as others, have substantially greater financial, research, manufacturing and marketing resources than
we do. As a result, such competitors may find it easier to compete in our industry and bring competing products to market. 

12 

Our
business depends upon our ability to keep pace with the latest technological changes, and our failure to do so could make us less competitive
in our industry. 

The
market for our services is characterized by rapid change and technological improvements. Failure to respond in a timely and cost-effective
way to these technological developments may result in serious harm to our business and operating results. As a result, our success will
depend, in part, on our ability to develop and market service offerings that respond in a timely manner to the technological advances
of available to our customers, evolving industry standards and changing preferences. 

Our
key personnel and directors are critical to our business, and such key personnel may not remain with our company in the future. 

We
depend on the continued employment of our President and CEO, Chaya Henrick and technical contracted personnel. If any of these key personnel
were to leave and not be replaced with sufficiently qualified and experienced personnel, our business could be adversely affected. In
particular, our current strategy to penetrate the market for contactless logical access identification and transaction solutions is heavily
dependent on the vision, leadership and experience of our President and CEO, Chaya Hendrick. 

Our
continued success will depend, to a significant extent, upon the performance and contributions of Chaya Henrick and upon our ability
to attract motivate and retain highly qualified management personnel and employees. We depend on Chaya Henrick to effectively manage
our business in a highly competitive environment. If one or more of our key officers join a competitor or form a competing company, we
may experience interruptions in product development, delays in bringing products to market, difficulties in our relationships with customers
and loss of additional personnel, which could significantly harm our business, financial condition, operating results and projected growth. 

We
currently employ a part-time Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jay Needelman, who is also a member of the Company s Board of Directors.
The loss of services of any of our key management personnel, whether through resignation or other causes, the reduced services of our
part-time Chief Financial Officer, or the inability to attract qualified personnel as needed, could prevent us from adequately executing
our business strategy. 

Rapid
technological changes could make our services or products less attractive. 

The
smart card, biometric identification and personal identification industries are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent
new product innovations, changes in customer requirements and expectations and evolving industry standards. If we are unable to keep
pace with these changes, our business may be harmed. Products using new technologies, or emerging industry standards, could make our
technologies less attractive. If addition, we may face unforeseen problems when developing our products, which could harm our business.
Furthermore, our competitors may have access to technologies not available to us, which may enable them to produce products of greater
interest to consumers or at a more competitive cost. 

Sales
of our products depend on the development of emerging applications in their target markets and on diversifying and expanding our customer
base in new markets and geographic regions, all of which may be financially burdensome or unsuccessful. 

Our
intent is to market and sell our products primarily to the private sector while addressing emerging applications that have not yet reached
a stage of mass adoption or deployment. The market for some of these solutions (electronic biometric fingerprinting) is at an early stage
of deployment in the private sector compared to other forms of services that try to identify a person through simpler means (by their
name, social security number, etc.) Additionally, we have a strategy of expanding sales of existing products into new geographic markets.
Our target market initially will be South America and Australia. In the event that we are unable to adequately develop our applications
or gain traction in these emerging markets, or that the cost of the foregoing is too great, our business may be harmed. 

13 

Continuing
disruption in the global financial markets may adversely impact customers and customer spending patterns. 

Continuing
disruption in the global financial markets as a result of the ongoing global financial uncertainty may cause consumers, businesses and
governments to defer purchases in response to tighter credit, decreased cash availability and declining consumer confidence. Accordingly,
demand for our products could decrease and differ materially from their current expectations. Further, some of our customers may require
substantial financing in order to fund their operations and make purchases from us. The inability of these customers to obtain sufficient
credit to finance purchases of our products and meet their payment obligations to us or possible insolvencies of our customers could
result in decreased customer demand, an impaired ability for us to collect on outstanding accounts receivable, significant delays in
accounts receivable payments, and significant write-offs of accounts receivable, each of which could adversely impact our financial results. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we are not able to adequately protect our intellectual property, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

Our
ability to compete depends in part upon the strength of our proprietary rights in our technologies, brands and content. The efforts we
have taken to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective at stopping unauthorized use
of our intellectual property and proprietary rights. In addition, effective trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection
may not be available or cost-effective in every country in which our products are made available. There may be instances where we are
not able to fully protect or utilize our intellectual property in a manner that maximizes competitive advantage. If we are unable to
protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value of our products may be reduced, which could
negatively impact our business. Our inability to obtain appropriate protections for our intellectual property may also allow competitors
to enter our markets and produce or sell the same or similar products. In addition, protecting our intellectual property and other proprietary
rights is expensive and diverts critical managerial resources. If any of the foregoing were to occur, or if we are otherwise unable to
protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. If we are forced
to resort to legal proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights, the proceedings could be burdensome and expensive. In addition,
our proprietary rights could be at risk if we are unsuccessful in, or cannot afford to pursue, those proceedings. 

We
may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights
and we may be unable to protect our rights to, or use of, our technology. 

Some
or all of our patent applications may not issue as patents, or the claims of any issued patents may not afford meaningful protection
for our technologies or products. In addition, patents issued to us or our licensors, if any, may be challenged and subsequently narrowed,
invalidated or circumvented. Patent litigation is widespread in our industry and could harm our business. Litigation might be necessary
to protect our patent position or to determine the scope and validity of third-party proprietary rights. If we choose to go to court
to stop someone else from using the inventions claimed in our patents, that individual or company would have the right to ask the court
to rule that such patents are invalid and/or should not be enforced against that third party. These lawsuits are costly and we may not
have the required resources to pursue such litigation or to protect our patent rights. In addition, there is a risk that the court might
decide that these patents are not valid and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the inventions. There is
also the risk that, even if the validity of these patents is upheld, the court could refuse to stop the other party on the grounds that
such other party s activities do not infringe on our rights contained in these patents. 

Furthermore,
a third party may claim that we are using inventions covered by their patent rights and may go to court to stop us from engaging in our
normal operations and activities, including making or selling our product candidates. These lawsuits are costly and could materially
increase our operating expenses and divert the attention of managerial and technical personnel. There is a risk that a court would decide
that we are infringing the third party s patents and would order us to stop the activities covered by the patents. In addition,
there is a risk that a court would order us to pay the other party damages for having violated the other party s patents. It is
not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage
of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. 

14 

Because
some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, patent applications in the United
States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until eighteen months after filing, and publications in the scientific
literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered
by our issued patents or that we were the first to invent the technology. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file,
patent applications covering technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our patent applications and
could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. 

If
another party has filed a United States patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference
or other proceeding in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the PTO, or a court to determine priority of invention in the United
States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful, resulting in
a loss of our United States patent position with respect to such inventions. 

Some
of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially
greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to raise the capital necessary to continue our operations. 

Risks
Relating to Market Approval and Government Regulations 

Compliance
with regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure diverts time and attention away from revenue generating activities. 

Our
management team invests significant time and financial resources to comply with existing standards for public companies, which has led
to management time and attention from developing our business to compliance activities which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our
technology relies on our ability to gain the acceptance and approval of large banking / credit card institutions, the failure to do so
may materially harm our business. 

In
the event that our SmartMetric Biometric Card does not gain acceptance/approval amongst the large card issuing institutions in the United
States and abroad, our cards will not be provided for use to customers. We currently have no plans to open our own bank/credit card issuing
institution and accordingly, we plan to rely on our ability to have our products accepted within the banking/credit card industries.
Our failure to do so will have a material impact on our ability to generate revenues and continue to operate our business. 

Risks
Relating to the Development and Manufacturing of Our Products 

We
currently rely on third party manufacturers and suppliers for certain components of our product; with such parties being, to some extent,
outside of our control. 

We
currently have limited internal manufacturing capability and intend to rely on third party contract manufacturers or suppliers for the
foreseeable future. Accordingly, factors outside of our control may result in material manufacturing delays and product shortages, which
could delay or otherwise negatively impact our manufacturing and product development plans. Should we be forced to manufacture our proposed
products, we cannot give any assurance that we would be able to develop internal manufacturing capabilities. In the event that we seek
third party suppliers or alternative manufacturers, they may require us to purchase a minimum amount of materials or could require other
unfavorable terms. Any such event could materially impact our business prospects and could delay the development and manufacturing of
our products. Moreover, we cannot give any assurance that the contract manufacturers or suppliers that we select will be able to supply
our products in a timely or cost-effective manner or in accordance with our specifications. 

15 

We
have a limited number of suppliers of key components and may experience difficulties in obtaining components for which there is significant
demand, which would materially impact our business prospects. 

We
rely upon a limited number of suppliers for some key components of our products. Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers may expose
us to various risks including, without limitation, an inadequate supply of components, price increases, late deliveries and poor component
quality. In addition, some of the basic components we use in our products, such as biometric fingerprint devices and various smart card
technologies may at any time be in great demand. This could result in components not being available to us in a timely manner or at all,
particularly if larger companies have ordered more significant volumes of those components, or in higher prices being charged for components.
Disruption or termination of the supply of components or software used in our products could delay shipments of these products. The following
delays/factors from our third-party suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results and could also
damage relationships with current and prospective customers: 

Difficulties
 in staffing; 

Adequate
 resources of qualified technicians, engineers/assemblers, and programmers; 

Potentially
 adverse tax consequences; 

Unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

Tariffs
 and other trade barriers; 

Export
 controls; 

Political
 and economic instability; and 

Late
 delivery of our products. 

We
utilize third party manufacturing plants for silicon for the manufacturing our products, which, in the event of growth would need to
use large quantities of silicon, for which raw material shortages may occur. 

While
we currently use silicon in our products, and no shortage currently exists of these materials, there can be no assurances that there
will not be a shortage in the future, which may materially impact our manufacturing capabilities, growth prospects, and ability to generate
revenue in the future. 

Risks
Related to our Securities 

Our
board of directors has broad discretion to issue additional securities. 

We
are authorized under our certificate of incorporation to issue up to 605,000,000 shares consisting of 600,000,000 shares of common stock
and 5,000,000 blank check shares of preferred stock. Shares of our blank check preferred stock provide the board of directors
with broad authority to determine voting, dividend, conversion, and other rights. As of September 24, 2021, we have issued and
outstanding 472,859,208 shares of common stock; 610,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock that are convertible into
30,500,000 shares of common stock at the election of the holder; and 239,025 shares of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock. Additionally, we have 124,888,519 shares of common stock reserved upon the exercise of outstanding purchase warrants. Accordingly,
as of June 30, 2021 we are entitled to issue up to 127,140,792 additional shares of common stock, and 4,390,000 additional shares of
 blank check preferred stock. Our board may generally issue those common and preferred shares, or convertible securities
to purchase those shares, without further approval by our shareholders. Any additional preferred shares we may issue could have such
rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions as may be designated from time-to-time by our board, including preferential dividend
rights, voting rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation provisions. 

16 

It
is likely that we will issue additional securities to raise capital in order to further our business plans. It is also likely that we
will issue additional securities to directors, officers, employees and consultants as compensatory grants in connection with their services.
Any issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount to, or a premium from, the then-current market price of our common stock.
These issuances would dilute the percentage ownership interest of our current shareholders, which would have the effect of reducing your
influence on matters on which our stockholders vote and might dilute the net tangible book value per share of our common stock. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or if they publish unfavorable research or reports, an active market
for our common stock may not develop and the price of our common stock could decline. 

We
are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stockbrokers, institutional investors and others in the investment
community that generate or influence sales volume. Even if we come to the attention of such persons, they may be reluctant to follow
or recommend an unproven company such as ours until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. Generally, the trading market for
a company s securities depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish. We currently have
limited research coverage by securities and industry analysts. As a consequence, there may be periods of time when trading activity in
our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer with significant research coverage. We cannot give you any assurance
that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or if developed, will be sustained, or that current
trading levels could be sustained or not diminish. In addition, in the event any analyst downgrades our securities, the price of our
shares would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover us or fails to publish regular reports on us, interest
in the purchase of our securities could decrease, which could cause the price of our common stock and its trading volume, if any, to
decline. 

Our
common stock may be considered a penny stock, and may be subject to additional sale and trading regulations that may make
it more difficult to sell. 

Our
common stock may be considered a penny stock. The principal result or effect of being designated a penny stock is that
securities broker-dealers participating in sales of our common stock may be subject to the penny stock regulations set forth in Rules
15g-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act. For example, Rule 15g-2 requires broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide
potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written receipt of
the document at least two business days before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor s account. Moreover,
Rule 15g-9 requires broker-dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks before selling
any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the broker-dealer to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his
or her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (ii) reasonably determine, based on that information, that
transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably
capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis
on which the broker-dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the
investor, confirming that it accurately reflects the investor s financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives.
Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult and time consuming for holders of our common stock to resell their shares
to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them in the market or otherwise. 

17 

Our
CEO and Chairman, as the sole holder of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, controls our company. 

Chaya
Hendrick, our CEO and Chairman, holds (via shares in her name or shares in the name of an entity she controls - Applied Cryptography,
Inc. ACI )) all 610,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. The outstanding shares of Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on any matter with the holders of Common Stock voting together as one (1) class and
shall have that number of votes (identical in every other respect to the voting rights of the holder of common stock entitled to vote
at any regular or special meeting of Stockholders) equal to that number of common shares which is not less than 51 of the vote required
to approve any action, which Nevada law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent of the common shares or the holders of other
securities entitled to vote, if any. Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder,
into fifty (50) shares of Common Stock upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and for purposes of determining a quorum of a shareholder
meeting, the outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall be deemed the equivalent of 51 of all shares of the Company s
Common Stock entitled to vote at such meetings. Accordingly, Ms. Hendrick can (without the approval of our other shareholders) elect
our entire Board of Directors and determine the outcome of various matters submitted to shareholders for approval, including fundamental
corporate transactions. Voting control by Ms. Hendrick may discourage certain types of transactions involving an actual or potential
change in control of us, including transactions in which the holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their shares over
prevailing market prices. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect
on our business and operating results and stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, our operating results could be harmed. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control
environment, regardless of whether we are required to maintain such controls, could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. The Company s management assessed the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021 based on the framework set forth in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In connection with the assessment
described above, management identified no control deficiencies that represented a material weakness at June 30, 2021. See Item
9A. Controls and Procedures for more detailed discussion. 

We
have not paid dividends on our common stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.
Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

No
cash dividends have been paid on our common stock. We expect that any income received from operations will be devoted to our future operations
and growth. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. Payment of dividends would depend upon our
profitability at the time, cash available for those dividends, and other factors as our board of directors may consider relevant. If
we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor s investment will only occur if
our stock price appreciates. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract
and retain qualified board members. 

The
Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial
condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
controls for financial reporting. For example, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that our management report on,
and our independent auditors attest to, the effectiveness of our internal controls structure and procedures for financial reporting.
Section 404 compliance may divert internal resources and will take a significant amount of time and effort to complete. We may not be
able to successfully complete the procedures and certification and attestation requirements of Section 404 by the time we will be required
to do so. If we fail to do so, or if in the future our chief executive officer, chief financial officer or independent registered public
accounting firm determines that our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective as defined under Section 404, we could
be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company
may suffer, and this could cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. Irrespective of compliance with Section 404, any
failure of our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our stated results of operations and harm our reputation. If
we are unable to implement these changes effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting or financial results
and could result in an adverse opinion on internal controls from our independent auditors. We may need to hire a number of additional
employees with public accounting and disclosure experience in order to meet our ongoing obligations as a public company, which will increase
costs. Our management team and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives and to
meeting the obligations that are associated with being a public company, which may divert attention from other business concerns, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because our management
team has limited experience managing a public company, we may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition into a public company. 

18 

We
face risks related to Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) which could significantly disrupt our research and development, operations, sales,
and financial results. 

Our
business will be adversely impacted by the effects of COVID-19. In addition to global macroeconomic effects, the COVID-19 outbreak and
any other related adverse public health developments will cause disruption to our operations and sales activities and our final card
production. While the delays to our final card production are due to supply line disruption, these delays may be short-lived based on
advice from our manufacturing partners, manufacturing alternatives and alternative supply lines that are being put into place by the
Company. 

Our
customers have been and will be disrupted by worker absenteeism, quarantines and restrictions on employees ability to work, office
and factory closures, disruptions to ports and other shipping infrastructure, border closures, or other travel or health-related restrictions.
In addition, COVID-19 or another disease outbreak will in the short-run and may over the longer term adversely affect the economies and
financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that will affect demand for our products and services and impact
our operating results. There can be no assurance that any decrease in sales resulting from COVID-19 will be offset by increased sales
in subsequent periods. Although the magnitude of the impact of COVID-19 outbreak on our business and operations remains uncertain, the
continued spread of COVID-19 or the occurrence of other epidemics and the imposition of related public health measures and travel and
business restrictions will adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, we have
experienced and will experience disruptions to our business operations resulting from quarantines, self-isolations, or other movement
and restrictions on the ability of our employees to perform their jobs that may impact our ability to develop and design our products
and services in a timely manner or meet required milestones or customer commitments. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 

Our
principal office is located at 3960 Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 500, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109. We currently lease this property at a
rate of approximately 1,100 per month. We believe that our existing office facility is adequate for our current needs and that additional
space will be available if, and when needed. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time we may be a defendant or plaintiff in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our business. As of the
date of this Annual Report, there are no material pending legal or governmental proceedings relating to us or properties to which we
are a party, and, to our knowledge, there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, executive officers or affiliates
are a party adverse to us or which have a material interest adverse to us. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable 

19 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

As
of September 24, 2021, 472,859,208 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. 

Holders 

As
of September 24, 2021, the Company had 1,131 shareholders of record of our common stock, including the shares held
in street name by brokerage firms. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock is Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC, One University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, NJ 07601. 

Rule
10B-18 Transactions 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, there were no repurchases of the Company s common stock by the Company. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, we issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. Except where noted, all
of the securities discussed in this Item 5 were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2019, the Company sold for cash 6,337,500 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i) 6,337,500
shares at prices ranging from 0.10 per share to 0.25 per share for net proceeds of 133,495. The warrants expire at various times through
September 17, 2021. None of these shares were issued during the quarter ended September 30, 2019, with all 6,337,500 shares being recorded
as stock payable. There were 52,800 Preferred C shares issued for net proceeds of 45,000 and 70,000 Preferred C shares converted to
3,224,643 Common shares for the three month period ending September 30, 2019, see Note 6. 

During
 the three month period ending December 31, 2019, the Company increased its total number of shares of authorized capital stock to
 600,000,000 shares, par value 0.001 per share. 

During
 the three months ended December 31, 2019, the Company sold for cash 40,675,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i)
 825,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.20 per share to 0.25 per share for net proceeds of 214,510. The warrants expire at various
 times through November 1, 2021. None of these shares were issued during the quarter ended December 31, 2019, with all 40,675,000
 shares being recorded as stock payable. There were 36,300 Preferred C shares converted to 2,370,696 Common shares for the three month
 period ending December 31, 2019, see Note 6. 

During
 the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company sold for cash 9,550,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i) 3,500,000
 shares at prices ranging from 0.05 per share to 1.00 per share for net proceeds of 66,500. The warrants expire at various times
 through March 12, 2022. None of these shares were issued during the quarter ended March 31, 2020, with all 9,550,000 shares being
 recorded as stock payable. There were 53,700 Preferred C shares converted to 6,384,864 Common shares for the three month period
 ending March 31, 2020. The Company issued 41,800 preferred shares for net proceeds of 35,000 and another 33,600 preferred shares
 for which the net proceeds of 30,000 had not been received as of March 31, 2020. At March 31, 2020, the Company had 316,875,686
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

20 

During
 the three months ended June 30, 2020, the Company sold for cash 40,000,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i) 12,000,000
 shares at prices ranging from 0.10 per share to 0.20 per share for net proceeds of 200,905. The warrants expire at various
 times through June 12, 2021. 31,000,000 of these shares were issued during the quarter ended June 30, 2020, with 9,000,000 shares
 being recorded as stock payable. There were 53,100 Preferred C shares converted to 5,259,814 Common shares for the three month
 period ending June 30, 2020. The Company issued 41,800 preferred shares for net proceeds of 35,000. The Company issued
 50,000 common shares, for services rendered, to Director Elizabeth Ryba. 

During
 the three months ended September 30, 2020, the Company sold for cash 17,500,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase:
 (i) 17,500,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.05 per share to 0.10 per share and (ii) 14,500,000 shares at prices ranging from
 0.10 to 0.20 for net proceeds of 77,409. The warrants expire at various times through September 21, 2022. All
 17,500,000 of these shares were issued during the quarter ended December 31, 2020, with all 17,500,000 shares being recorded as stock
 payable. The Company issues 6,032,260 shares. Of these shares, 585,000 were issues for consulting services
 and 5,447,260 were converted from Preferred shares. 

During
 the three months ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold 16,500,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 82,455. With these
 issuances the company also issued warrants to purchase: (i) 16,500,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.05 to 0.10 per share and
 (ii) 16,500,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.10 to 0.20 and (iii) 1,500,000 at a price of 0.30. The warrants expire
 at various times through December 21, 2022. None of the 16,500,000 shares were issued during the quarter ended December 31, 2020,
 and were recognized as stock payable. 

During
 the three months ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 32,034,876 shares for 75,000, of which 15,000,000 were issued
 from stock payable and 16,034,876 were converted from 78,100 Preferred shares. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company sold 11,000,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 59,957. With these issuances
the company also issued warrants to purchase: (i) 3,333,333 shares at a price of 0.10 per share and (ii) 3,000,000 shares at a price
of 0.20. The warrants expire at various times through February 4, 2022. None of the 12,000,000 shares were issued during
the quarter ended March 31, 2021, and were recognized as stock payable. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued 26,769,540 shares, of which 17,000,000 were issued from stock payable,
6,709,100 were converted from 72,600 Preferred shares and 2,560,440 shares were issued for legal services. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company sold 3,333,333 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 20,000. With these issuances
the company also issued warrants to purchase: (i) 3,333,333 shares at a price of 0.10 per share and (ii) 3,333,333 shares at a price
of 0.20. The warrants expire at various times through June 7, 2022. None of the 3,333,333 shares were issued during the quarter
ended June 30, 2021, and were recognized as stock payable. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 3,025,952 shares, of which all were converted from 36,300 Preferred C shares. 

Item 6. Selected
Financial Data 

Not
Applicable as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is provided in addition
to the accompanying financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition,
and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: 

Company
 Overview - Discussion of our business plan and strategy in order to provide context for the remainder of MD A. 

Critical
 Accounting Policies - Accounting policies that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated
 in our reported financial results and forecasts. 

Results
 of Operations - Analysis of our financial results comparing the year ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020. 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources - Liquidity discussion of our financial condition and potential sources of liquidity. 

Company
Overview 

Business 

SmartMetric,
Inc. was incorporated pursuant to the laws of Nevada on December 18, 2002. SmartMetric is a development stage company engaged
in the technology industry. SmartMetric s main products are a fingerprint sensor activated payments card and security card with
a finger sensor and fully functional fingerprint reader embedded inside the card. The SmartMetric biometric cards have a rechargeable
battery allowing for portable biometric identification and card activation. This card is referred to as a biometric card or the SmartMetric
Biometric Card. 

21 

To
date, we have devoted a substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to the development of our SmartMetric Card. Since our
inception in 2002, we have generated no revenue from product sales and have funded our operations principally through the private sales
of our equity securities. We have never been profitable and, as of June 30, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 28,878,841.
We expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of our technologies
and advance them to market. 

Our
cash and cash equivalents balance at June 30, 2021 was approximately 10,325 representing 20.5 of total assets. Notwithstanding our
recent capital raises, based on our current expected level of operating expenditures, we expect to be able to fund our operations into
the quarter beginning April 1, 2022. This period could be shortened if there are any significant increases in spending that were not
anticipated or other unforeseen events. 

We
anticipate raising additional cash through the private or public sales of equity or debt securities to continue to fund our operations
and the development of our technologies. There is no assurance that financing will be available to us when needed in order to allow us
to continue our operations, or if available, on terms acceptable to us. If we do not raise sufficient funds in a timely manner, we may
be forced to curtail operations, delay or stop our ongoing clinical trials, cease operations altogether, or file for bankruptcy. We currently
do not have commitments for future funding from any source. 

Going
Concern 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the carrying amounts of recorded assets or the carrying
amounts and classification of recorded liabilities that may be required should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

As
shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements the Company has incurred recurring losses of 944,203 and 805,577 for the
period ending June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and has incurred a cumulative loss of 28,878,841 since inception (December 18, 2002). 
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date
of this filing. The Company is currently in the development stage and has spent a substantial portion of its time in the development
of its technology. 

There
is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise enough capital or generate revenues to sustain its operations. 

Management
believes that the Company s capital requirements will depend on many factors. These factors include the final phase of development
and mass production being successful as well as product implementation and distribution. Management plans to continue its relationship
with Geneva Roth Remark in order to raise capital beyond exclusively private placement stock sales. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the carrying amounts of recorded assets or the carrying
amounts and classification of recorded liabilities that may be required should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
December 2019, an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China COVID-19 and has since spread
worldwide, including to the Unites States, posing public health risks that have reached pandemic proportions (the COVID-19 Pandemic ).
The COVID-19 Pandemic poses a threat to the health and economic wellbeing of our employees, customers and vendors. Like most businesses
world-wide, the COVID-19 Pandemic has impacted the Company financially; however, management cannot presently predict the scope and severity
with which COVID-19 will impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

22 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
have prepared our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which requires
management to make significant judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. We base
these significant judgments and estimates on historical experience and other applicable assumptions we believe to be reasonable based
upon information presently available. These estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our
operating environment changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the financial statements as soon
as they became known. Actual results could materially differ from our estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions. 

All
of the Company s significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our financial
statements, included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. We have identified the following as our significant accounting policies and
estimates, which are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, are the most pervasive and important
to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and could potentially result in materially different results
under different assumptions, judgments or conditions. 

We
believe the following critical accounting policies reflect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of
our financial statements: 

Use
of Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying disclosures.
Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Research
and Development Costs - Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Our research and development expenses
consist primarily of expenditures for electronics design and engineering, software design and engineering, component sourcing, component
engineering, manufacturing, product trials, compensation and consulting costs. 

Earnings
Per Share - In accordance with FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, the basic loss per share is computed by dividing
the loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Basic net
loss per share excludes the dilutive effect of stock options or warrants and convertible notes. Diluted net earnings (loss) per common
share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the dilutive effect
of common stock equivalents, consisting of shares that might be issued upon exercise of common stock options and warrants. In periods
where losses are reported, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock equivalents, because their
inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Patent
Impairment - When the carrying balance of the Company s patent is more than what it could be sold for on the open market
and/or is not recoverable through future use, the Company decreases its value. In determining whether the carrying value is not recoverable,
the Company estimates the sum of the expected cash flows from the use of the patent or its possible sale. If the results in an amount
less that the patent s value on the financial statements, the Company will deem the patent s carrying value on the balance
sheet to be impaired by the amount that the carrying value exceeds the fair market value of the asset. The decrease in the patent s
value will then be included as a loss in the Company s profit and loss statement. The Company had no patent asset recorded at June
30, 2021. 

Cash The
Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments and other short-term investments with an initial maturity of three months or less
to be cash equivalents. Any amounts of cash in financial institutions which exceed FDIC insured limits exposes the Company to cash concentration
risk. The Company had no cash equivalents at June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

23 

Result
of Operations 

Year
Ended June 30, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2020 

Our results of operations have varied significantly
from year to year and quarter to quarter and may vary significantly in the future. We did not have revenue during the years ending June
30, 2021 and 2020. We did not generate any revenues during the years ending June 30, 2021 and 2020. Net loss for the years ended June
30, 2021 and 2020 were 944,203 and 805,577, respectively, resulting from the operational activities described below. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses were 821,824 and 747,478 during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in operating
expenses is the result of the following factors. 

Year Ended June 30, 
 Change in 2021 Versus 2020 

2021 
 2020 

Operating Expenses 

Research and development 
 76,344 
 89,240 
 (12,896 
 (14.5 
 
 General and administrative 
 555,480 
 468,238 
 87,242 
 18.6 
 
 Officer salary 
 190,000 
 190,000 
 
 (0 
 
 Total operating expense 
 821,824 
 747,478 
 74,346 
 9.9 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses were 76,344 and 89,240 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease of 12,896, or
14.5 , in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily attributable to a decrease in engineering costs. 

Our
research and development expenses consist primarily of expenditures related to engineering. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses were 555,480 and 468,238 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase of 87,242
or 18.6 , in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily the result of an increase in consulting expenses. 

Our
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of expenditures related to employee compensation, legal, accounting and tax, other
professional services, and general operating expenses. 

Officer
salary were 190,000 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have incurred losses since our inception in 2002 as a result of significant expenditures for operations and research and development
and the lack of any revenue. We have an accumulated deficit of approximately 28.9 million as of June 30, 2021 and anticipate that we
will continue to incur additional losses for the foreseeable future. Through June 30, 2021, we have funded our operations through the
private sale of our equity securities and exercise of options and warrants, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately 27 million.
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2021 were 10,325. 

24 

We
are actively seeking sources of financing to fund our continued operations and research and development programs. To raise additional
capital, we may sell shares of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any financing transaction
in a timely manner or on acceptable terms or otherwise. If we are not able to raise additional cash, we may be forced to further delay,
curtail, or cease development of our product candidates, or cease operations altogether. 

Year Ended 
June 30, 

2021 

2020 

Cash at beginning of period 

71,377 

10,161 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(567,582) 

(744,003) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

506,530 

805,219 

Cash at end of period 

10,325 

71,377 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 567,582 and
 744,003 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease of 135,078 in cash used during 2021 compared to 2020
was primarily attributable to lower consulting and legal expenses. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities was 0 and 0 for years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 506,530 for the year ended June 30, 2021 compared to 805,219 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease of 257,346 was due to
decreased private placement sales. We are actively seeking sources of financing to fund our continued operations and research and development
programs. 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, together with the reports of the independent
registered public accounting firms thereon and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-1. 

25 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure
controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

In
connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021, our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ICFR for the Company. Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management
and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. The framework
used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled 2013 Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment,
management concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were effective as of June
30, 2021. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Management has not identified any material weaknesses as of June 30, 2021 and our internal controls over financial reporting were
effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Due
to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However,
to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions are being performed by
separate individuals. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm as we are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide the report. 

26 

Limitations
on Controls 

Management
does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal control over financial reporting
will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions
and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within the Company have been detected. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. 

Due
to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However,
to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions are being performed by
separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our limitation to have segregation of duties in all of our financially significant
processes and have concluded that this control did not meet the criteria of a material weakness. 

Notwithstanding
the assessment that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective and
that there are material weaknesses as identified herein, we believe that our consolidated financial statements contained in this annual
report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods covered thereby in all material respects. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 

None. 

27 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions held
by each. Each member of the Board of Directors serves for a term of one year, or until his or her successor has been duly elected
and has been qualified. Each of our officers serve until they are replaced by the Board of Directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 with the Company 
 
 Chaya
 Hendrick 
 
 65 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Jay M. Needelman,
 CPA 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer, Director 
 
 Elizabeth Ryba 
 
 70 
 
 Director 

CHAYA
HENDRICK has been President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of SmartMetric since the Company s
inception in 2002. C. Hendrick has served as President and CEO of Smart Micro Chip, Inc., an Australian corporation from 2000 to 2002.
From 1999 to 2001, C. Hendrick was President and Chief Executive Officer of Smarticom Inc. and FastEcom, Inc., Australian corporations.
From 1994 to 1998, C. Hendrick served as executive officer of Applied Computing Science (Australia), an Australian company involved in
e-commerce systems, research and development. Ms. Hendrick founded Asset Developments a property development company that created and
sold regional residential land subdivisions. The last being a 1,000-acre subdivision named Claire Valley Estates in the Canberra region
of Australia. All of the property development projects were funded by C. Hendrick and were financially profitable. C. Hendrick attended
Dandenong College in Australia. 

We
believe Ms. Hendrick is qualified to serve on our Board due to her extensive experience in technology development and as an executive
at technology companies. 

JAY
M. NEEDELMAN, CPA, has been the Chief Financial Officer and a director of SmartMetric since 2007. Mr. Needelman has over
28 years of experience in public accounting. A 1991 graduate of Florida State University in Tallahassee, Fl, Mr. Needelman began his
career in public accounting in Miami, Fl, in 1991. After working for two different firms, Mr. Needelman founded his own firm in late
1992. 

We
believe Mr. Needelman is qualified to serve on our Board due to his financial expertise. 

ELIZABETH
RYBA has been a director of SmartMetric since April 5, 2006. From 2015 to the present, Ms. Ryba has been Vice President of Marketing
at the Design and Decoration Building in New York, one of the premier destinations for luxury interior design showrooms in the country.
From 2006 to 2015, Ms. Ryba had marketing positions at two luxury home decor brands. Ms. Ryba was a promotion director at Hearst Publishing
from 2002 through 2005. Between 2001 and 2004, Ms. Ryba was a consultant at Stratus Rewards Credit Cards where she launched a Visa Luxury
credit card where points were redeemable on private jets. Between 2000 and 2001, Ms. Ryba worked as a Marketing Consultant for SpaFinder.
From 1991 through 1999, Ms. Ryba worked at Master Card where she launched a Smart Card in Australia. Ms. Ryba received her M.S. in Marketing
from the University of Illinois, and her B.A. in English from the State University of New York at Stony Brook. 

We
believe Ms. Ryba is qualified to serve on our Board due to her extensive experience in the credit card industry as well as her extensive
experience in marketing in the luxury sector which we believe is a sector to which we may be able to sell our products. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among officers or directors of the Company. 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
business, property and affairs are managed by or under the direction of the Board. Members of the Board are kept informed of our business
through discussion with the chief executive and financial officers and other officers, by reviewing materials provided to them and by
participating at meetings of the Board. We have not previously had an audit committee, compensation committee or nominations and governance
committee. 

28 

Audit
Committee 

We
currently do not have an acting audit committee, and our Board of Directors currently acts as our audit committee. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

We
do not have an audit committee and thus do not have an audit committee financial expert. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
do not presently have a compensation committee. Our Board currently acts as our compensation committee. 

Director
Independence 

For
purposes of determining independence, we have adopted the definition of independence contained in the NASDAQ Market Place
Rules. Pursuant to the definition, the company has determined that Elizabeth Ryba qualifies as independent. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. A copy of the Company s
code of ethics is available to any person without charge upon written request to the Company at SmartMetric, Inc., 3960 Howard Hughes
Parkway, Suite 500, Las Vegas, NV, 89109. Attn: Secretary. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
 prior to that time; 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
 or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
 any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be
 associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence none
of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates
or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

29 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
table below sets forth, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the compensation earned by each person acting as our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Company s only employee is our Chief Executive Officer. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year Ended 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Chaya Hendrick (President, Chief Executive Officer, 
 2021 
 190,000 (3) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 190,000 
 190,000 
 
 Chairman of the Board (1) 
 2020 
 174,167 (2) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 15,833 (4) 
 190,000 

Jay Needelman (Chief and Principal Financial Officer, 
 2021 
 15,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 15,000 
 
 Director) (5) 
 2020 
 15,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 15,000 

(1) 
 Chaya
 Hendrick has been President, Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company since inception. Chaya Hendrick also has a car allowance
 in her employment agreement which she has forgone for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

(2) 
 The
 Company paid Chaya Hendrick 174,167 for the year ended June 30, 2020 out of her total aggregate salary of 190,000, with the remainder
 being accrued but unpaid. As of June 30, 2021 the Company has accrued 737,642 of unpaid salary, which includes previously accrued
 but unpaid salary for periods not covered under this Summary Compensation Table. 

(3) 
 The
 Company paid Chaya Hendrick 190,000 for the year ended June 30, 2021 out of her total aggregate salary of 190,000. 

(4) 
 Includes
 0 in accrued but unpaid salary for the year end June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, the Company has accrued 737,642
 of unpaid salary, which includes previously accrued but unpaid salary for periods not covered under this Summary Compensation Table. 

(5) 
 Jay
 Needelman has served as our Chief Financial Officer since 2007. Mr. Needelman receives annual compensation of 15,000 for his
 services as our Chief Financial Officer. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

None. 

Chaya
Hendrick Employment 

Previous
Employment Agreement 

On
July 1, 2012, the Company entered into an employment agreement (the Prior Agreement with Chaya Hendrick, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer that expired on July 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Prior Agreement, Ms. Hendrick received an annual base salary of
 190,000 per year. Ms. Hendrick was also entitled to receive a management fee equal to 50,000 per year beginning with the Company s
fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 and each fiscal year thereafter during the term of the Agreement provided that the Company has manufactured
its first product. This fee was to increase by 25 per annum at the conclusion of each calendar year and was based on the continued manufacturing
and sales of products by the Company. As of the end of the term of the Prior Agreement, no compensation was paid pursuant to this management
fee. 

30 

Ms.
Hendrick was also entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans, from time to time, in effect for senior management, along with
vacation, sick and holiday pay in accordance with the Company s policies established and in effect from time to time. The Company
also provided Ms. Hendrick with the use of an automobile of Ms. Hendrick s choice at a purchase price not to exceed 60,000. Executive s
employment with the Company was subject to termination at any time, with cause, as such terms are defined in the Prior Agreement. 

The
Prior Agreement may be terminated on 30 days notice by Ms. Hendrick but may only be terminated by the Company for cause. 
In the event that Ms. Hendrick s employment was terminated by the Company, the Company was obligated to pay to Ms. Hendrick an
amount equal to 350,000 plus salary remaining on the term of the Prior Agreement. 

Addendum
to Prior Agreement 

On
September 30, 2015, the Company and Ms. Hendrick entered into an Addendum to the Agreement (the Addendum pursuant to which
in consideration for the issuance of 200,000 shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, Ms. Hendrick granted
the Company the first right to purchase or license any patents (the Patent Option relating to Smartcards 
which Ms. Hendrick (i) shall apply for with the relevant patent authorities during the term of the Agreement, and (ii) are currently
applied for with the relevant patent authorities or pending as of the date of the Prior Agreement (the Patent Rights ).
In exchange for the Patent Option the Company agrees, during the term of the Prior Agreement, to pay for any fees and/or expenses related
to the application for the Ms. Hendrick s Patent Rights with the relevant patent authorities, including, but not limited to, legal
or filing fees. If, upon the Company s receipt of notice of any Patent Rights of Ms. Hendrick s in writing Patent
Notification the parties fail to successfully negotiate and execute a purchase or license agreement as it relates to the Patent
Right that is the subject of such Patent Notification within 60 calendar days of the receipt of such Patent Notification, the Ms. Hendrick
shall be permitted to retain or transfer the Patent Rights to a third party without any subsequent notice to the Company. 

Amended
and Restated Employment Agreement 

On
July 1, 2017, the Company and Ms. Hendrick entered into an amended and restated employment agreement Agreement with a
duration of sixty (60) months. Pursuant to the Agreement, Ms. Hendrick shall receive (i) an annual base salary of 190,000, subject to
adjustment at the end of each fiscal year at the discretion of the board of directors, with a minimum increase of 10 per annum for the
duration of the term, (ii) an incentive management fee equal to 50,000 upon the Company manufacturing its first product, which shall
increase by 25 per annum and based on the continued manufacturing and sales of products by our Company. 

Additionally,
Ms. Hendrick shall maintain certain rights to initiate, write, invent and / or create inventions separate from SmartMetric, Inc. and
to retain the intellectual property rights of such patents, inventions or new products. 

The
Agreement may be terminated on 30 days notice by Ms. Hendrick but may only be terminated by the Company for cause. 
In the event that Ms. Hendrick s employment is terminated by the Company for such cause, the Company is obligated
to pay to Ms. Hendrick an amount equal to 350,000 plus the remaining salary on the term of the Agreement. 

Jay
Needelman Contract 

We
currently have an oral agreement with Jay Needelman, our part-time Chief Financial Officer, whereby we pay Mr. Needelman an annual fee
of 15,000 for his services, payable in quarterly installments of 3,750. 

31 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of August 5, 2021, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common
stock by (i) any holder of more than five (5 percent; (ii) each of the Company s executive officers and directors; and (iii)
the Company s directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below
has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned. 

Amount
and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name and Address of 
 Beneficial Owner 
 
 Director/Officer 
 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 of Common 
 Stock (1) 

Percentage 
 of Class (1) 

Directors
 and Executive Officers 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Chaya
 Hendrick (2) 
 145 East Harmon Avenue, Unit 19620 
 Las Vegas, NV 89109 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

89,127,778 
 (2) 

20.0 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Jay
 Needelman, CPA 
 520
 West 47 th Street 
 Miami
 Beach, FL 33140 
 
 Director;
 Chief Financial Officer 

-0- 

0 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Elizabeth
 Ryba 
 73 Brown Road 
 Scarsdale, New York 10583 
 
 Director 

40,000 

All Executive
 Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons) 

89,167,778 

18.9 

5 Shareholders 

Less
 than one percent (1 

(1) 
 In
 determining beneficial ownership of our common stock as of a given date, the number of shares shown includes shares of common stock
 which may be acquired on exercise of warrants or options or conversion of convertible securities within 60 days of that date. In
 determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity on June 30, 2021, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of
 the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants
 or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) 472,859,208, the total shares
 of common stock outstanding on September 24, 2021, and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire
 upon conversion of any preferred stock and on exercise of the warrants and options. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner
 has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. 

(2) 
 The
 89,127,778 shares of common stock include (i) 58,627,778 of Common Stock and; (ii) 610,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
 Stock convertible into 30,500,000 shares of common stock held by Applied Cryptography, Inc. ACI and / or Chaya Hendrick.
 The outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on any matter with the holders of Common
 Stock voting together as one (1) class and shall have that number of votes (identical in every other respect to the voting rights
 of the holder of common stock entitled to vote at any regular or special meeting of Stockholders) equal to that number of common
 shares which is not less than 51 of the vote required to approve any action, which Nevada law provides may or must be approved by
 vote or consent of the common shares or the holders of other securities entitled to vote, if any. Each share of Series B Convertible
 Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into fifty (50) shares of Common Stock upon the satisfaction of certain
 conditions and for purposes of determining a quorum of a shareholder meeting, the outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
 Stock shall be deemed the equivalent of 51 of all shares of the Company s Common Stock entitled to vote at such meetings. Our
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has sole voting and dispositive power over all of the shares beneficially owned by ACI. 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Information
regarding disclosure of an employment relationship or transaction involving an executive officer and any related compensation solely
resulting from that employment relationship or transaction is incorporated by reference from the section of this Annual Report on Form10-K
entitled Executive Compensation . 

Information
related to Director Independence is incorporated by reference from the section of this this Annual Report on Form10-K entitled
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

32 

Related
Party Transactions: 

Chaya
 Hendrick, our CEO has made cash advances to the Company periodically in exchange for promissory notes of such face values. As of
 the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, we owed 0 and 0, respectively. These notes bear interest at 7.00 per annum. 

During
 the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, Chaya Hendrick, our CEO deferred 0 and 15,833 in annual salary, respectively. As of June
 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the Company has accrued the amounts of 737,642 and 759,948 as deferred salary for the difference
 between Chaya Hendrick s contractual annual salary and the amounts actually paid. These amounts include previously deferred
 salary prior to the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

On
 September 30, 2015, we entered into an Addendum to the then existing employment agreement of Chaya Hendrick, pursuant to which in
 consideration for the issuance of 200,000 shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, Chaya Hendrick granted
 the us the first right to purchase or license any patents (the Patent Option relating to Smartcards 
 which the Hendrick (i) shall apply for with the relevant patent authorities during the term of the employment agreement, and (ii)
 are currently applied for with the relevant patent authorities or pending as of the date of the employment agreement. In exchange
 for the Patent Option the Company agreed, during the term of the such employment agreement, to pay for any fees and/or expenses related
 to the application for the such patent rights with the relevant patent authorities, including, but not limited to, legal or filing
 fees. If, upon our receipt of notice of any patent rights in writing; we and Hendrick fail to successfully negotiate and execute
 a purchase or license agreement as it relates to such patent rights within 60 calendar days of such receipt, Hendrick shall be permitted
 to retain or transfer such patent rights to a third party without any subsequent notice to us. 

On
 September 11, 2017, we entered into a licensing a royalty agreement with Chaya Hendrick, our founder and CEO, whereby we received
 a license to certain patents related to our technologies until the expiration of such patents in exchange for the following : (i)
 the Issuance to Chaya Hendrick of 200,000 Series B Convertible Preferred Shares, (ii) the payment of 5 of gross revenues derived
 from the sale of products derived from the patents in the future, and (iii) annual payments beginning at 50,000 per annum, increased
 by 100 of each previous year (offset against 5 gross revenue royalty payments) for the duration of the term of the agreement. The
 agreement continues until (i) the terms of the licensed patents expire, (ii) we terminate the agreement with notice to Chaya Hendrick,
 or (iii) Chaya Hendrick terminates the agreement pursuant to a material breach of our duties or payments contained thereunder. 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

Type of Fees 
 Year end June 30, 
2021 
 Year end June 30, 
2020 
 
 Audit Fees 

Prager Metis, LLC 
 23,000 
 19,546 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees 
 23,000 
 19,546 

Policy
on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Consistent
with the SEC policies regarding auditor independence, our Board of Directors has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation
and overseeing the work of the independent auditor. In recognition of this responsibility, our Board of Directors has established a policy
to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor. 

Prior
to engagement of the independent auditor for the next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate of services expected to
be rendered during that year for each of the following four categories of services to the Board of Directors for approval. 

1. Audit services
include audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work that generally only the independent auditor
can reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters, statutory audits, and attest services and consultation regarding financial
accounting and/or reporting standards. 

2. Audit-Related services
are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor, including due diligence related to
mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 

3. Tax services
include all services performed by the independent auditor s tax personnel except those services specifically related to the audit
of the financial statements, and includes fees in the areas of tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. 

33 

4. Other
Fees are those associated with services not captured in the other categories. 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statements Schedules 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements: See Index to Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Exhibits:
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 

Certain
of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have
been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which
 disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may
 apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; 

and
 were made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to later developments. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time,
and investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SMARTMETRIC,
 INC. 

Date:
 October 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Chaya Hendrick 

Chaya Hendrick 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Chaya Hendrick 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 October 12,
 2021 
 
 Chaya
 Hendrick 
 
 (principal executive
 officer) 

/s/
 Jay Needelman 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October 12,
 2021 
 
 Jay
 Needelman 
 
 (principal financial
 and accounting officer) and Director 

/s/
 Elizabeth Ryba 
 
 Director 
 
 October 12,
 2021 
 
 Elizabeth Ryba 

35 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 F-3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 F-4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 F-5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 F-6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Boyle CPA, LLC 

 Certified Public
Accountants Consultants 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and 

 Board of Directors of Smartmetric, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Smartmetric, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30,
2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt About the
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
sustained recurring losses and has an accumulated deficit as of June 30, 2021. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of these financial statements. Management s plans are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis of Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Boyle CPA, LLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

 Red Bank, NJ 
October 12, 2021 

331 Newman Springs Road 
 P (732) 784-1582 
 
 Building 1, 4th Floor, Suite 143 
 F (732) 510-0665 

Red Bank, NJ 0770 

F- 2 

SMARTMETRIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet 

 (Audited) 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2021 

2020 

(Audited) 

(Audited) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

10,325 

71,377 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

5,000 

7,020 

Total current assets 

15,325 

78,397 

Non-current assets 

Deferred financing costs 

35,000 

35,000 

Total assets 

50,325 

113,397 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

1,073,786 

916,728 

Liability for stock to be issued 

127,321 

50,000 

Deferred Officer s salary 

737,642 

759,948 

Related party interest payable 

201,846 

149,481 

Dividends payable 

2,442 

2,945 

Due to shareholders 

41,343 

41,343 

Covid19 SBA loan 

41,664 

20,832 

Convertible note payable, net of discount 

35,000 

32,127 

Derivative liability 

45,524 

- 

Convertible interest payable 

3,801 

- 

Interest payable 

875 

- 

Shareholder loan 

- 

- 

Total current liabilities 

2,331,244 

1,973,404 

Commitments and contingencies (See note 4) 

Series C mandatory redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of discount, authorized 1000,000 shares, 239,025 and 117,200 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

196,083 

101,661 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, .001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized, 610,000 and 610,000 shares issued and outstanding 

610 

610 

Class A Preferred stock, .001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized 0 and 0 shares issued and outstanding Common stock, .001 par value; 600,000,000 shares authorized, 446,385,628 and 379,523,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

446,386 

379,524 

Additional paid-in capital 

25,955,367 

25,429,261 

Accumulated deficit 

(28,859,365) 

(27,771,062) 

Total stockholders deficit 

(2,457,002) 

(1,961,668) 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

50,325 

113,397 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SMARTMETRIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Consolidated Statements Of Operations 

 (Audited) 

Year 

Year 

Ended 

Ended 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2021 

2020 

(Audited) 

(Audited) 

Revenues 

- 

- 

Expenses: 

Officer s salary 

190,000 

190,000 

Other general and administrative 

555,480 

468,238 

Research and development 

76,344 

89,240 

Total operating expenses 

821,824 

747,478 

Loss from operations before income taxes 

(821,824) 

(747,478) 
 
 Interest Financing Expense 

(59,914) 

(58,099) 
 
 Gain (loss) on change in derivatives 

(42,990) 

- 

Net loss 

(924,728) 

(805,577) 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 

(163,575) 

(32,024) 
 
 Net loss available for common stockholders 

(1,088,303) 

(837,601) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

413,974,288 

299,094,207 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SMARTMETRIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes
In Stockholders (Deficit) 

 (Audited) 

Preferred
 
 Series C 

Additional
 
 Paid 

Accumulated 

Stock 

Common
 Stock 

In
 Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance
 June 30, 2019 

610,000 

610 

- 

- 

264,648,821 

264,649 

24,663,528 

(26,933,461) 

(2,004,674) 

Shares
 issued of common stock for warrants and cash 

- 

- 

- 

- 

97,584,162 

97,584 

576,703 

- 

674,287 

Preferred
 C shares Converted to Common 

- 

- 

- 

- 

17,240,017 

17,240 

182,580 

- 

199,820 

Beneficial
 conversion feature related to convertible debt 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

5,000 

- 

5,000 

Series
 C dividends 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(32,024) 

(32,024) 

Shares
 of Common Stock issued for services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

50,000 

50 

1,450 

- 

1,500 

Net
 loss for period 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(805,577) 

(805,577) 

Balance
 June 30, 2020 

610,000 

610 

- 

- 

379,523,000 

379,523 

25,429,261 

(27,771,062) 

(1,966,668) 

Common
 shares issued for services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3,145,440 

3,145 

15,780 

- 

18,925 

Shares
 issued of common stock and warrants for cash 

- 

- 

- 

- 

32,500,000 

32,500 

130,000 

- 

162,500 

Shares
 converted from Preferred C shares to common 

- 

- 

- 

- 

31,217,188 

31,218 

172,149 

- 

203,367 

Valuation
 of Preferred C derivative liability 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

208,177 

- 

208,177 

Preferred
 C dividends 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(163,575) 

(163,575) 

Net
 loss for period 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(924,728) 

(924,728) 

Balance
 June 30, 2021 

610,000 

610 

- 

- 

446,385,628 

446,386 

25,955,367 

(28,859,365) 

(2,457,002) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SMARTMETRIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2021 
 2020 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 (924,728 
 (805,577 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Common stock issued and issuable for services 
 18,926 
 1,500 
 
 Non cash financing expense 
 49,322 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) on fair value of derivative liability 
 112,565 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 2,873 
 2,127 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Increase (Decrease) in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 2,017 
 (567 
 
 Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 157,058 
 32,588 
 
 (Decrease) in deferred officer salary 
 (22,306 
 (30,067 
 
 Increase in Convertible interest payable 
 3,801 
 - 
 
 Increase in accrued interest payable 
 52,365 
 55,993 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (567,582 
 (744,003 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Loans from related parties 
 - 
 (3,759 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 - 
 35,000 
 
 Deferred financing costs 
 - 
 (35,000 
 
 Proceeds from sale of common stock 
 240,698 
 576,803 
 
 Proceeds from CARES Act PPP loan 
 20,832 
 20,832 
 
 Due to shareholder 
 - 
 41,343 
 
 Proceeds from sale of Series C Preferred stock 
 245,000 
 170,000 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 506,530 
 805,219 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN 

CASH 
 (61,052 
 61,216 

CASH BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 71,377 
 10,161 

END OF PERIOD 
 10,325 
 71,377 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 
 66,000 
 191,636 
 
 Conversion of 72,600 104,000 Preferred C Shares into 21,482,136 5,595,339 shares of common stock 

CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD FOR: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 - 
 ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

SmartMetric, Inc. (the Company 
or SmartMetric was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 18, 2002. SmartMetric s main product is a fingerprint
sensor-activated card with a finger sensor onboard the card and a built-in rechargeable battery for portable biometric identification.
This card may be referred to as a biometric card or the SmartMetric Biometric Datacard. SmartMetric has completed development of
its card along with pre-mass manufacturing cards but has not yet begun to mass manufacture the biometric fingerprint activated cards. 

Basis of Presentation 

The financial statements present the
balance sheets, statements of operations, stockholder s equity (deficit) and cash flows of the Company. The financial statements
of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

The Company has adopted June 30 as
its fiscal year end. 

Going Concern 

As shown in the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements the Company has sustained recurring losses of 924,728 and 805,577 for the period ended June 30, 2021
and 2020, respectively, and has an accumulated deficit of 28,859,365 at June 30, 2021. 

These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date of this filing. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The COVID-19 has had an impact on
SmartMetric s final card production. While the delays are due to supply line disruption, the Company is confident that these delays
will be short-lived based on advice from our manufacturing partners, manufacturing alternatives and alternative supply lines that are
being put into place by the Company. 

Management believes that the Company s
capital requirements will depend on many factors. These factors include product marketing and distribution. The management plans include
equity sales and borrowing in order to fund the operations. The Company plans to continue its relationship with Geneva Roth Remark in
order to raise capital through means other than private placement stock sales. 

There are no assurances that the Company
will be able to achieve the level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to support the Company s
working capital requirements. To the extent that funds generated are insufficient, the Company will have to raise additional working capital.
No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If
adequate working capital is not available, the Company may not continue its operations. 

On March 5, 2020, the Company entered
into an agreement with GHS Investments, LLC whereas the investor agrees to invest up to four million dollar 4,000,000) over the 36 months
immediately subsequent to the effective date of the agreement. 

In December 2019, an outbreak of a
novel strain of coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China COVID-19 and has since spread worldwide, including to the Unites
States, posing public health risks that have reached pandemic proportions (the COVID-19 Pandemic ). The COVID-19 Pandemic
poses a threat to the health and economic wellbeing of our employees, customers and vendors. Like most businesses world-wide, the COVID-19
Pandemic has impacted the Company financially; delaying the beginning of production. 

NOTE 2 - 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company does not expect the adoption
of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position
or cash flow except as noted below. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued authoritative
guidance ASC 842, Leases. This guidance requires lessees to recognize most leases on the balance sheet by recording a right-of-use
asset and a lease liability. The Company has made the decision to adopt this guidance early, and it was adopted by the Company as of March
1, 2019. Based on the completed analysis, the Company has determined that the adjustment did not have a material impact on the financial
statements. 

In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07,
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which aligns accounting
for share-based payments issued to nonemployees to that of employees under the existing guidance of Topic 718, with certain exceptions.
This update supersedes previous guidance for equity-based payments to nonemployees under Subtopic 505-50, Equity Equity-Based Payments
to Non-Employees. This guidance was adopted by the Company as of March 1, 2019. Based on the completed analysis, the Company has determined
the adjustment did not have a material impact on the financial statements. 

F- 7 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2 - 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, SmartMetric Australia Pty. Ltd. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying amounts reflected in the
balance sheets for cash, accounts payable and related party payables approximate the respective fair values due to the short maturities
of these items. 

As required by the Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures Topic of the FASB ASC, fair value is measured based on a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level 2) inputs, other
than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and (Level 3) unobservable inputs in which
there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

The three levels of the fair value
hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in
active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities; 

Level 2: Quoted prices in markets that
are not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; 

Level 3: Prices or valuation techniques
that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (supported by little or no market activity). 

The Company at present does not have
any Level 2 or Level 3 fair value instruments. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, the
Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to income taxes and contingencies. The Company bases
its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash 

The Company considers all highly liquid
debt instruments and other short-term investments with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Any amounts
of cash in financial institutions which exceed FDIC insured limits exposes the Company to cash concentration risk. The Company had no
cash equivalents at June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Research and Development 

Research and development costs are
charged to expense as incurred. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of expenditures for electronics design and engineering,
software design and engineering, component sourcing, component engineering, manufacturing, product trials, compensation and consulting
costs. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company has not recognized revenues
to date. Therefore, the Company has not yet adopted a revenue recognition policy. 

F- 8 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2 - 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Reclassifications 

Certain prior year amounts have been
reclassified for consistency with the current period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. 

Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

GAAP requires the recognition and measurement
of uncertain income tax positions using a more-likely-than-not approach. Management evaluates Company tax positions
on an annual basis and has determined that as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, no accrual for uncertain income tax positions is necessary. 

Loss Per Share of Common Stock 

In accordance with FASB ASC 260, Earnings
Per Share, the basic loss per share is computed by dividing the loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period. Basic net loss per share excludes the dilutive effect of stock options or warrants
and convertible notes. Diluted net earnings (loss) per common share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
during the period, adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, consisting of shares that might be issued upon exercise
of common stock options and warrants. In periods where losses are reported, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes
common stock equivalents, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, 124,888,519 and 53,280,406 dilutive
shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per common share, with all dilutive shares being Common stock warrants at June
30, 2021 and 2020. 

NOTE 3 - 
 PREPAID EXPENSES 

Prepaid expenses were 5,000 at June
30, 2021. 

F- 9 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 4 - 
 COMMITMENTS 

Lease Agreement 

The
Company s main office is in Las Vegas, Nevada. Rent expense under all leases for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was 5,238
and 5,133 respectively. The Company maintains only one office. This office is in Las Vegas, NV and is a month-to-month lease. 

Related Party Transactions 

The Company s Chief Executive
Officer has made cash advances to the Company with an aggregate amount due of 0 and 0 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These
advances bear interest at 7.00 per annum. 

As of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020,
the Company has accrued the amounts of 737,642 and 759,948, respectively, as deferred Officer s salary for the difference between
the president s annual salary and the amounts paid. 

As a result of these shareholder loans
and deferred officer salary, the Company has accrued a balance of 201,846 and 149,481 as interest payable as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

On September 11, 2017, we received
a license to certain patents from Chaya Hendrick, our founder and CEO, related to our technologies until the expiration of the patents.
As consideration, we issued Chaya Hendrick, or her assigns, (i) 200,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, (ii) a royalty
equal to 5 of gross revenues derived from products sold related to the patents, and (iii) certain minimum required payments beginning
at 50,000 and doubling each year thereafter. The Series B Preferred Shares may be converted at the election of holder on a basis for
50 common shares for each preferred share at any time or an aggregate of 10,000,000 common shares in exchange for all 200,000 preferred
shares. 

Our CEO maintains an employment agreement
that stipulates a 190,000 annual salary. This agreement is in effect until mutual agreement between its CEO and the Company to terminate. 

NOTE 5 - 
 DEBT 

In March of 2020, the Company applied
for the SBA PPP government loan and was approved. On April 17,2020, the Company received 20,832 as proceeds from this loan. The Company
successfully applied to have this loan forgiven. 

In March of 2021, the Company applied for the SBA PPP government loan
and was approved. On March 29, 2021, the Company received 20,832 as proceeds from this loan. 

On March 5, 2020, the Company issued
a 35,000 10 convertible note. The note was due on December 5, 2020 and is convertible at a rate of 0.0175 per share which resulted
in a discount from the beneficial conversion feature totalling 5,000. During the year ended June 30, 2020, 2,127 of the debt discount
was amortized. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the remaining 2,873 of the debt discount was amortized As of June 30, 2021, the note
was shown net of unamortized discount of 35,000. 

The 10 convertible note is currently
in default. Upon default, the fixed conversion price became a Variable Conversion Price, which is 70 multiplied by the lowest trading
price for the Company s common stock during the 20 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion
date. 

The Company analyzed the conversion
option for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and determined that the
convertible notes should be classified as a liability since the conversion option becomes effective at default resulting in there being
no explicit limit to the number of shares to be delivered upon settlement of the above conversion options. The Company has recorded the
embedded derivative liability at its fair value utilizing the Black-Scholes Merton option pricing model, as follows: 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Derivative liability 
 - 
 - 
 45,524 
 45,524 

NOTE 6 - 
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock 

As of June 30, 2021, the Company has
5,000,000 shares of Series B preferred stock, par value 0.001, authorized and 610,000 shares issued and outstanding. 

Each share of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock has a par value of 0.001, and a stated value equal to 5.00 Stated Value ). Holders of the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends or other distributions with the holders of the common stock of the Company on an as
converted basis when, as, and if declared by the directors of the Company. Holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled
to convert all or any one (1) share of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into fifty (50) shares of common stock. 

F- 10 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6 - 
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (CONTINUED) 

Upon any liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary liquidation ), holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company an amount equal to the Stated Value, pro rata
with the holders of the common stock. 

The Company issued 200,000 Series B
preferred shares upon its inception in 2004. 

In October 2015, the Company issued
200,000 Series B preferred shares. 

On September 11, 2017, the Company
issued an additional 210,000 shares of Series B preferred shares to its CEO, Chaya Hendrick, in consideration for grant of exclusive rights
to the licensed patent. 

Class A Common Stock 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company has 50,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.001, authorized and no shares issued and outstanding. 

During the three month period ending
December 31, 2019, the Company increased its total number of shares of authorized capital stock to 600,000,000 shares, par value 0.001
per share. 

Common Stock and Warrants 

During the three months ended September 30, 2019, the Company sold for cash 6,337,500 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i) 6,337,500 shares at prices ranging from 0.10 per share to 0.25 per share for net proceeds of 133,495. The warrants expire at various times through September 17, 2021. None of these shares were issued during the quarter ended September 30, 2019, with all 6,337,500 shares being recorded as stock payable. 

During the three months ended December 31, 2019, the Company sold for cash 40,675,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i) 825,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.20 per share to 0.25 per share for net proceeds of 214,510. The warrants expire at various times through November 1, 2021. None of these shares were issued during the quarter ended December 31, 2019, with all 40,675,000 shares being recorded as stock payable. There were 36,300 Preferred C shares converted to 2,370,696 Common shares for the three month period ending December 31, 2019, see Note 6. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company sold for cash 9,550,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i) 3,500,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.05 per share to 1.00 per share for net proceeds of 66,500. The warrants expire at various times through March 12, 2022. None of these shares were issued during the quarter ended March 31, 2020, with all 9,550,000 shares being recorded as stock payable. 

During the three months ended June 30, 2020, the Company sold for cash 40,000,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i) 12,000,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.10 per share to 0.20 per share for net proceeds of 200,905. The warrants expire at various times through June 12, 2021. 31,000,000 of these shares were issued during the quarter ended June 30, 2020, with 9,000,000 shares being recorded as stock payable. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2020, the Company sold for cash 17,500,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase: (i) 17,500,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.05 per share to 0.10 per share and (ii) 14,500,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.10 to 0.20 for net proceeds of 77,409. The warrants expire at various times through September 21, 2022. All 17,500,000 of these shares were issued during the quarter ended December 31, 2020, with all 17,500,000 shares being recorded as stock payable. The Company issued 6,032,260 shares. Of these shares, 585,000 were issues for consulting services and 5,447,260 were converted from Preferred shares. 

F- 11 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6 - 
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (CONTINUED) 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold 16,500,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 82,455. With these
issuances the company also issued warrants to purchase: (i) 16,500,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.05 to 0.10 per share and (ii)
16,500,000 shares at prices ranging from 0.10 to 0.20 and (iii) 1,500,000 at a price of 0.30. The warrants expire at various
times through December 21, 2022. None of the 16,500,000 shares were issued during the quarter ended December 31, 2020, and were recognized
as stock payable. 

During the three months ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 32,034,876 shares for 75,000, of which 15,000,000 were issued from stock payable and 16,034,876 were converted from 78,100 Preferred shares. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company
sold 11,000,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 59,957. With these issuances the company also issued warrants to purchase:
(i) 12,000,000 shares at a price of 0.10 per share and (ii) 12,000,000 shares at a price of 0.20. The warrants expire at
various times through February 4, 2022. None of the 12,000,000 shares were issued during the quarter ended March 31, 2021, and were recognized
as stock payable. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company
issued 26,769,540 shares, of which 17,000,000 were issued from stock payable, 6,709,100 were converted from 72,600 Preferred shares
and 2,560,440 shares were issued for legal services. 

During the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company
sold 3,333,333 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 20,000. With these issuances the company also issued warrants to purchase:
(i) 3,333,333 shares at a price of 0.10 per share and (ii) 3,333,333 shares at a price of 0.20. The warrants expire at various
times through June 8, 2022. None of the 3,333,333 shares were issued during the quarter ended June 30, 2021, and were recognized as stock
payable. 

During the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company
issued 3,025,952 shares, all of which were converted from 36,300 Preferred C shares. 

The following information summarizes the warrants
outstanding and exercisable. 

Warrants Outstanding and Exercisable at June 30,
2021: 

Range of Exercise Prices 
 Number of Warrants Outstanding 
 Weighted- Average Contractual Life Remining in Years 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
 Number Exercisable 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 

Warrants Outstanding and Exercisable at June 30, 2020: 

0.05 - 1.00 
 53,280,406 
 1.120 
 0.33 
 53,280,406 
 0.33 

Warrants Outstanding and Exercisable at June 30, 2021: 

0.10 - 0.20 
 124,888,519 
 0.623 
 0.18 
 124,888,519 
 0.623 

F- 12 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6 - 
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (CONTINUED) 

Warrant Activity: 

As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the following
is a breakdown of the activity: 

June 30, 2021: 

Outstanding - beginning of year 
 53,280,406 
 
 Issued 
 98,500,000 
 
 Exercised 

Expired 
 (26,891,887 

Outstanding - end of year 
 124,888,519 

June 30, 2020: 

Outstanding - beginning of year 
 26,526,234 
 
 Issued 
 34,662,500 
 
 Exercised 

Expired 
 (7,908,328 

Outstanding - end of year 
 53,280,406 

At June 30, 2021, all of the 124,888,519 warrants are vested, all 124,888,519
warrants expire at various times through June 2022. 

Equity Financing 

On March 5, 2020, the Company entered into an
equity financing agreement with GHS Investments, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Investor ). Pursuant to the agreement,
the Company agrees the sell to the investor an indeterminate amount of shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per
share, up to an aggregate price of four million dollars 4,000,000). 

Pursuant to the agreement, the Company is required,
to within sixty (60) calendar days upon the date of execution of this agreement, use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement or registration statements (as is necessary) on Form S-1, covering the resale of all of the registrable securities, which registration
statement(s) shall state that, in accordance with Rule 416 promulgated under the 1933 Act, such registration statement also covers such
indeterminate number of additional shares of Common Stock as may become issuable upon stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
Pursuant to this equity financing agreement, the Company filed the Registration S-1 on August 6, 2020. 

Following effectiveness of the Registration Statement,
the Company shall have the discretion to deliver puts to GHS and GHS will be obligated to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock based on the investment amount specified in each put notice. The maximum
amount that the Company shall be entitled to put to GHS in each put notice shall not exceed two hundred percent (200 of the average
daily trading dollar volume of the Company s Common Stock during the ten (10) trading days preceding the put, so long as such dollar
amount does not exceed 500,000. Pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement, GHS and its affiliates will not be permitted to purchase
and the Company may not put shares of the Company s Common Stock to GHS that would result in GHS s beneficial ownership, equaling
more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock. The price of each put share shall be equal to eighty percent (80 of
the Market Price (as defined in the Equity Financing Agreement). Puts may be delivered by the Company to GHS until the earlier of thirty-six
(36) months after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has not been deemed effective as of the
date of this filing. 

Concurrently with the execution of the equity financing agreement,
the company entered into a convertible promissory note, for the principal balance of 35,000. Per the terms of the convertible note agreement,
the Company agrees to pay the investor interest at the rate of ten percent (10 until it is due on December 5, 2020. The holder shall
have the right at any time to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal and interest at a fixed conversion price
of 0.0175. See note 5. The 35,000 has been recognized as deferred financing costs in current assets on the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheet, and will be charged against the gross proceeds of each put when received. Although the Company has not as of yet
put to GHS, the agreement is in effect for three years, through March, 2023, and as the Company does plan to put to GHS, the Company has
determined it is proper for the deferred costs to remain for the length of the agreement. 

F- 13 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 - 
 MANDATORY REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

Issuances of Series C Mandatory
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

On January 10, 2019, the Board of Directors
of the Company adopted a resolution pursuant to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, providing for the designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions, of the Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

On January 14, 2019, the Company filed
a Certificate of Designations for a Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The authorized number of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
is 1,000,000 shares, par value 0.001. The Series C Preferred Stock will, with respect to dividend rights and
rights upon liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, rank: (a) senior with respect to dividends and right of liquidation with the Company s
common stock, (b) junior with respect to dividends and right of liquidation with respect to the
Company s Series B Preferred Stock; and (c) junior with respect to dividends and right of liquidation
to all existing indebtedness of the Company. Series C Preferred Stock will carry an annual ten percent (10 cumulative
dividend, compounded daily, payable solely upon redemption, liquidation or conversion. The Company will have a right,
at any time in the period of 180 days from the date of the issuance, at the Company s option, to redeem all or any portion of the
Series C Preferred Stock at prices ranging from 105 to 130 , based on the passage of time. 

The number of Series C, mandatory redeemable
convertible preferred stock shares issued and outstanding were 239,025 and 117,200, respectively, for June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020. 

The Holder shall have the right at
any time during the period beginning on the date which is six (6) months following the Issuance Date, to convert all or any part
of the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the Variable Conversion Price.
The Variable Conversion Price shall mean 71 multiplied by the Market Price (representing a discount rate of 29 ). Market
Price means the average of the two (2) lowest Trading Prices (as defined here) for the Common Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading
Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. 

On the date which is eighteen (18)
months following the Issuance Date or upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (the Mandatory Redemption Date ), the Company
shall redeem all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock of the Holder (which have not been previously redeemed or converted). With
five (5) days of the Mandatory Redemption Date, the Company shall make payment to each Holder of an amount in cash equal to the total
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such Holder multiplied by the then current Stated Value. 

All shares of mandatorily redeemable
convertible preferred stock have been presented outside of permanent equity in accordance with ASC 480, Classification and Measurement
of Redeemable Securities . The Company accretes the carrying value of its Series C mandatory redeemable convertible preferred stock
to its estimate of fair value (i.e. redemption value) at period end. 

The carrying value of the Series C
mandatory redeemable convertible preferred stock at June 30, 2021 and 2020 was 196,083 and 101,661, respectively. 

The estimated fair value of the Series
C, mandatory redeemable convertible preferred stock at June 30, 2021 and 2020 was 196,083 and 101,661 respectively. 

The Company recorded preferred stock
dividends of 163,575 and 32,024 and accrued dividends payable of 2,442 and 2,945 during fiscal year end 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 14 

SMARTMETRIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8 - 
 INCOME TAXES 

Deferred income taxes are determined
using the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of the Company s
assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences
are included in the Company s tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. 

At June 30, 2021 and 2020, deferred
tax assets consist of the following: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net operating loss carryforward 
 9,789,107 
 8,983,161 
 
 Warrant issuances 

Deferred officer compensation 
 737,642 
 805,848 
 
 Other 
 -0- 
 98 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (10,526,749 
 (9,789,107 

At June 30, 2021, the Company had a
net operating loss carry-forwards in the amount of approximately 28.9 million available to offset future taxable income through 2038.
These amounts may be carried forward indefinitely, subject to the 80 of taxable income limitation rule. The Company established valuation
allowances equal to the full amount of the deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the utilization of the operating losses in future
periods. A reconciliation of the Company s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and federal statutory rate
for the period ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 is summarized as follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Tax on income before income tax 
 21.00 
 21.00 
 
 Effect of non-temporary differences 
 (0.01 
 (0.01 
 
 Effect of prior year items 

Effect of temporary differences 

Change in valuation allowance 
 (20.99 
 (20.99 

0.00 
 0.00 

The total amount of unrecognized tax
benefits can change due to tax examination activities, lapse of applicable statutes of limitations and the recognition and measurement
criteria under the guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company does not believe any significant increases
or decreases will occur within the next twelve months. 

The Company files income tax returns
in the United States U.S. federal jurisdiction. Generally, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal examinations
by tax authorities for fiscal years prior to 2017. The Company does not file in any other jurisdiction and remains open for audit
for all tax years as the statute of limitations does not begin until the returns are filed. The Company remains subject to U.S. federal
examination for tax years ended 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. 

NOTE 9 - 
 LITIGATION 

From time to time we may be a defendant
or plaintiff in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our business. We know of no material, active, pending or threatened
proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved as a plaintiff or defendant in any material proceeding
or pending litigation. 

NOTE 10 - 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

In accordance with ASC 855-10, the
Company has reviewed its operations subsequent to June 30, 2021 to the date these financial statements were issued. 

Subsequent to June 30, 2021, the Company
issued 48,125 Preferred C shares for 43,745 cash and 26,473,580 common shares. The Company converted 51,850 preferred shares into 5,940,247
common shares. 

F- 15 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed or 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 3.01 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of SmartMetric, Inc. filed 12/18/02 
 
 SB-2 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/3/04 

3.02 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated 12/11/09 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/18/09 

3.03 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated June 8, 2016 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.5 
 
 9/28/16 

3.04 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 12/18/09 

3.05 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock dated 11/5/14 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/14/14 

3.06 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock dated 6/8/16 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.4 
 
 9/28/16 

3.07 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of SmartMetric 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/26/16 

3.08 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations dated 1/14/19 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 1/18/19 

4.01 
 
 Common Stock Certificate Specimen 

X 

4.02 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to May 2013 Investor 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 5/28/13 

4.03 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to investors between 2015 2017 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.03 
 
 10/13/17 

4.04 
 
 SmartMetric, Inc. 2017 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.04 
 
 11/14/17 

4.05 
 
 Form of Option Grant under 2017 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.05 
 
 11/14/17 

4.06 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant under 2017 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.06 
 
 11/14/17 

4.07 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant under 2017 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.07 
 
 11/14/17 

4.08 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated March 5, 2020 issued by SmartMetric, Inc. in favor of GHS Investments LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.08 
 
 8/6/20 

10.01 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated 11/12/12 with Applied Cryptography 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/16/12 

10.02 
 
 Subscription Agreement with May 2013 Investor 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/28/13 

10.03 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2012 with Chaya Hendrick and Addendum dated 9/30/15 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 10/5/15 

10.05 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement with investors used between 2015 - 2017 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.05 
 
 10/13/17 

10.06 
 
 Employment Agreement with Chaya Hendrick dated July 1, 2017 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.06 
 
 10/13/17 

10.07 
 
 Issued Patent License and Royalty Agreement dated 9/11/17 with Chaya Hendrick 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.07 
 
 10/13/17 

10.08 
 
 Jay Needelman Services Agreement 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 10.01 
 
 10/27/17 

10.09 
 
 Manufacturer s Representative Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.01 
 
 12/26/17 

10.10 
 
 Agreement by and between the Company and Hogier Gartner CIA S.A. dated February 16, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/23/18 

36 

10.11 
 
 2018 Professional/Consultant Stock Compensation Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/18/18 

10.12 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., dated January 9, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/18/19 

10.13 
 
 Equity Financing Agreement dated March 5, 2020 by and between SmartMetric, Inc. and GHS Investments LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.13 
 
 8/6/20 

10.14 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and GHS Investments LLC, dated March 5, 2020 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.14 
 
 8/6/20 

14.01 
 
 SmartMetric Code of Ethics 
 
 SB-2 
 
 16.1 
 
 9/3/04 

21.01 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 S-B/A 
 
 21.1 
 
 2/3/05 

31.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)) 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)) 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X 

Management contracts or compensation plans
or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

37 

<EX-4.01>
 2
 smartmetric_ex4-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.01

Exhibit 4.01 

SMARTMETRIC, INC AND
SUBSIDIARY 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 OF 

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

Smartmetric, Inc. (the
 Company has one class of securities, its common stock, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

The description of the
Company s common stock set forth below does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified by reference to the Company s
Amended Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Amended Articles and Amended Bylaws Amended Bylaws, and
together with the Amended Articles, the Charter Documents ), each of which is attached as an exhibit to the Company s
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For additional information, please read the
Company s Charter Documents. 

Capital Stock 

The Company is authorized
to issue up to 600,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock and 50,000,000 shares of Class A Preferred stock. The
Company s board of directors has the power and authority to fix by resolution any designation, series, voting power, preference,
right, qualification, limitation, restriction, dividend, time and price of redemption and conversion right with respect to the Preferred
Stock. As of June 30, 2021, 446,385,628 shares of the Company s Common Stock were issued and outstanding, 610,000 shares of Preferred
Stock were issued and outstanding and zero shares of Class A Preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 

Voting Rights 

The holders of shares
of the Company s Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders,
including the election of directors. The Company s Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. 

Dividend Rights 

The holders of shares
of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board of directors
in its discretion out of any funds legally available therefor and as permitted. 

Liquidation Rights 

In the event of the Company s
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, the holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Company,
ratably according to the number of shares of Common Stock held, subject to the distribution rights of shares of Preferred Stock, if any,
then outstanding and as permitted. 

No Preemptive Rights 

No holder of Common Stock
shall have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any part of any issue of stock or of securities of the Company convertible
into stock of any class whatsoever. 

Other Rights 

Holders of Common Stock
have no subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. 

Listing 

The Company s Common
Stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SMME. 

Warrants 

As of June 30, 2021,
the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 124,888,519 shares of Common Stock. The warrants have exercise prices
of between 0.10 and 0.20 and all expire at various dates before June 7, 2022. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The Charter Documents
contain certain provisions that may discourage an unsolicited takeover of the Company or make an unsolicited takeover of the Company more
difficult. 

Authority of the
Board of Directors 

Under the Amended Articles,
the Company s board of directors has the power to issue any or all of the shares of the Company s capital stock, including
the authority to establish one or more series of Preferred Stock and to fix the powers, preferences, rights and limitations of such class
or series, without seeking stockholder approval. In addition, under the Amended Bylaws, the Company s board of directors has the
right to fill vacancies on the board of directors. Under the Amended Articles, the Company s board of directors has the authority
to make, amend and repeal the Bylaws. 

</EX-4.01>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 smartmetric_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Chaya Hendrick, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of SmartMetric, Inc.; 

2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated: October 12, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Chaya Hendrick 

Chaya Hendrick 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 smartmetric_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jay Needelman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report
on Form 10-K of SmartMetric, Inc.; 

2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated: October 12, 2021 
 By: 
 / s/ Jay Needelman 

Jay Needelman, CPA 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 smartmetric_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
SmartMetric, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chaya Hendrick, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before
or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Dated: October 12,
 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Chaya Hendrick 

Chaya Hendrick 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 smartmetric_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
SmartMetric, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay Needelman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before
or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Dated: October 12,
 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Jay Needelman 

Jay Needelman, CPA 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 smme-20210630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 smme-20210630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 smme-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 smme-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 smme-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 smme-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

