<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211215_10-K_edgar_data_1827855_0001683168-21-006349.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1766059</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>54232</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>380411</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>454571</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>360591</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>473504</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-21-006349.hdr.sgml : 20211215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211215122718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-21-006349
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medicale Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001827855
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				981556944
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-250025
		FILM NUMBER:		211493624

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OTAR LORTKIFANIDZE 16
		CITY:			TBILISI
		STATE:			2Q
		ZIP:			0114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		760-943-1088

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OTAR LORTKIFANIDZE 16
		CITY:			TBILISI
		STATE:			2Q
		ZIP:			0114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-21-006349.txt : 20211215

10-K
 1
 medicale_i10k-093021.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ______ to
_______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or
 Organization) 
 
 8000 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
Classification Number) 

(IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 

 +1 

 medicalecorp@gmail.com 

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, 

 including area code, of registrant s principal
executive offices) 

Incorp Services, Inc. 

 3773 Howard Hughes Parkway Suite 500 S 

 Las Vegas, NV 89169-6014 

 +1 (702) 866-2500 

(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, 

 including area code, of agent for service) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted a pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to
its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of March 31, 2021, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates was . As of December 15, 2021, shares
of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value, were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff comments 

ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 1 
 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 1 
 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 1 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 2 
 
 ITEM 6 
 (Reversed) 
 2 
 
 ITEM 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 4 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 4 
 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 4 
 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 4 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 4 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 5 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 5 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company 
 6 
 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 7 
 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 8 
 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 9 
 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 9 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 Exhibits 
 11 
 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 F-1 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate 
or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such
statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to
differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT OUR COMPANY 

Medicale Corp we, our or the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 17, 2020. To date we have not generated revenue from our business operations. Furthermore,
as we are still in the early stages of developing our business and expect to operate at a loss as we grow our business. There is little
historical financial information about our Company upon which to base an evaluation of our performance or to make a decision regarding
an investment in our shares. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our business operations or that we will achieve significant,
if any, level of market acceptance for our proposed business operations and products. Our business could be subject to any or all of the
problems, expenses, delays and risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources,
possible changes in consumer interest, possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services or products we require. 

We have never been subject to any bankruptcy proceeding. Our principal
executive offices are located at Otar Lortkifanidze 16 , Tbilisi, Georgia, 0114. Our phone
number is +17026054432. 

The Company offers consulting services and distribution of the dietary
supplements. A dietary supplement is a manufactured product intended to supplement the diet when
taken by mouth as a pill, capsule, tablet, or liquid. A supplement can provide nutrients either extracted from food sources
or synthetic, individually or in combination, in order to increase the quantity of their consumption. The class of nutrient compounds
includes vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids and amino acids. Dietary supplements can also contain substances that have not been confirmed
as being essential to life, but are marketed as having a beneficial biological effect, such as plant pigments or polyphenols. Animals
can also be a source of supplement ingredients, as for example collagen from chickens or fish. 

 We intend to buy all dietary supplements on wholesale and resell them
around the Georgia via our internet platform. Our website address is : http://medicalecorp.com.
The site provides different variants of products, such as: vitamins, minerals, proteins and amino acids, essential fatty acids, probiotics
and other products, as well as direct contact with our company for consulting services. All products have their short description and
the price. 

Item 1.A. Risk Factors. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Currently we don t own any properties. Our business office
is located at Otar Lortkifanidze 16 Tbilisi Georgia, 0114. This address was provided by sole officer and president, Borisi Alborovi. Our
telephone number is +17026054432. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

1 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The company stock is not trading at the moment. 

Registered Holders of our Common Stock 

As of September 30, 2021, there were approximately
32 record owners of our common stock including director. 

Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid cash dividends
on its common stock and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During our fiscal years ended September 30, 2021
and 2020, we had no sales of unregistered shares. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021,
and 2020 the Company did not repurchase any shares of its Common Stock. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

We are a development stage corporation with limited operations and
no revenues from our business operations. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that our auditors believe there
is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months. We do not anticipate that we will generate
significant revenues until we have raised the funds necessary to conduct a marketing program. 

PLAN OF OPERATION 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2020. 

Our net loss for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 was 32,152
compared to a net loss of 1,923 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. In September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 the Company
have not generated any revenue. 

Expenses incurred were 32,152 during fiscal year ended September 30,
2021 compared to 1,923 during fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Expenses increased due to the Company s operational activities. 

The number of shares outstanding was 5,920,000 for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2021 and 3,400,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 

2 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

As of September 30, 2021, our total assets were 28,275 consisting
of capital raised from issuance of common stock and website development. 

 As of September 30, 2020, our total assets were 12,200. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities.
For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, net cash flows used in operating activities was 17,752. For the fiscal year ended September
30, 2020, net cash flows used in operating activities was 1,123. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

We have not generated cash flows from investing activities for the
fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

 We have financed our operations primarily from either advances from
our sole executive or the issuance of equity. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities
was 36,227. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, net cash from financing activities was 1,123. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

GOING CONCERN 

There is no historical financial information about us upon which to
base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have not generated any revenues. We cannot guarantee we
will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise,
including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. 

We have no assurance that future financing will be available to us
on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations.
Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

The extent of the impact of the coronavirus COVID - 19 outbreak on the financial performance of the Company will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak
and related advisories and restrictions and the impact of COVID - 19 on
the overall economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the overall economy is impacted for an extended period,
the Company s future operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s
application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with
the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

3 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The Company s Financial Statements required by Item 8, together
with the reports thereon of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9 of this report and
are incorporated by reference in this Item 8. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accounting
and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management necessarily
applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable
assurance regarding management s control objectives. 

Our management, with the participation of our
CEO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this Report. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of
the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which is described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

4 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding controls. Accordingly, even effective
internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2021.
Our CEO concluded we have a material weakness due to lack of segregation of duties, a limited corporate governance structure, and a lack
of a formal management review process over preparation of financial information. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Our size has prevented us from being able to employ
sufficient resources to enable us to have an adequate level of supervision and segregation of duties within our system of internal control.
Therefore, while there are some compensating controls in place, it is difficult to ensure effective segregation of accounting and financial
reporting duties. Management reported the following material weaknesses: 

Lack of segregation of duties in certain accounting and financial reporting processes including the initiation,
processing, recording and approval of disbursements; 

Our corporate governance responsibilities are performed by the Board of Directors, none of whom are independent
under applicable standards; we do not have an audit committee or compensation committee. Our Board of Directors acts primarily by written
consent without meetings which results in several of our corporate governance functions not being performed concurrent (or timely) with
the underlying transactions, including evaluation of the application of accounting principles and disclosures. 

Certain reports that we prepare, and accounting and reporting conclusions reached in connection with the
financial statement preparation process are not subjected to a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review and are
not submitted timely to the Board of Directors for review or approval; and 

While we strive to segregate duties as much as
practicable, there is an insufficient volume of transactions at this point in time to justify additional full-time staff. We believe that
this is typical in many development stage companies. We may not be able to fully remediate the material weakness until we commence operations
at which time, we would expect to hire more staff. We will continue to monitor and assess the costs and benefits of additional staffing. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2021, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

5 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

The board of directors elects our executive officers annually. A majority
vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director is elected for the term of one year, and until his
or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. The name, address, age and position of our officers
and directors are as follows: 

Name and Address of Executive 
 Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Borisi Alborovi 
 Otar Lortkifanidze 16, Tbilisi 
 Georgia, 0114 
 
 34 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

The person named above has held his offices/positions since the inception
of our Company and is expected to hold said offices/positions until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. 

Resume 

Borisi Alborovi has been our President, Secretary, Treasurer and sole
Director since our incorporation on August 17, 2020. Mr. Alborovi graduated from the Ilia State University Faculty of Law
at 2008. Then he graduated from the Georgian Institute of Public Affairs Courses of Business Administration at 2015. For the last
seven years Mr. Borisi Alborovi worked in sales, mostly as self-employed and during this time he
has been planning formation and operation of Medicale Corp His specific knowledge, qualifications and skills have led to our conclusion
that Mr. Alborovi is a suitable person to develop our business. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit
committees or committees performing similar functions, nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee
charter. Our director believes that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the functions of such committees
can be adequately performed by the sole director. 

Our Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements
for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The sole director believes that, given the stage of our development,
a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level.
Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the sole director and we do not have
any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The sole director, will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management
or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our sole director may
do so by directing a written request addressed to our president and director, at the address appearing on the first page of this Prospectus. 

Corporate Governance 

The Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical
conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives
to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business
conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s sole director is
responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness
of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants.
The sole director reviews the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

6 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Our common stock is not registered pursuant to
Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our officers, directors and principal
stockholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Code of Business Conduct 

We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct
within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Board Committees 

We do not have any Board Committees. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The table below summarizes the total compensation
earned by each of our named executive Officers NEOs for each of the fiscal years listed. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Management Compensation 

The following tables set forth certain information about compensation
paid, earned or accrued for services by our sole officer and director from our inception on August 17, 2020 until September 30, 2021: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Years 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Borisi Alborovi, President, 
 2020 2021 
 12,000 1,000 
 -0- -0- 
 -0- -0- 
 -0- -0- 
 -0- -0- 
 -0- -0- 
 -0- -0- 
 12,000 1,000 
 
 Treasurer and Secretary 

Mr. Alborovi currently devotes approximately thirty hours per week
to manage our affairs. Currently, our officer and director is entitled to 1,000 per month in cash compensation totaling 12,000 as of
September 30, 2021; but this amount is being deferred until the Company is in a position to start payments under Consulting Agreement.
He is reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses that he incurs on our behalf. In the future, we may approve payment of salaries for officers
and directors, but currently, no such plans have been approved. We also do not currently have any benefits, such as health or life insurance,
available to our employees. 

7 

Compensation of Directors 

Directors are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation
for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been paid
to, or accrued to, our director in such capacity. 

Stock Plan 

We have not adopted a stock plan but may do so in the future. 

Employment Agreements 

The executive officer is currently not a party to any employment agreement
with us. 

Director Independence 

Our securities are not currently traded on any public exchange and
as such, we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies, which require, among other things, that the
majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to corporate governance standards defining the independence
of our directors, and we have chosen to define an independent director in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market s
requirements for independent directors. 

Under the NASDAQ rules, our current director does not qualify as an
independent director. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matter. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the beneficial
ownership (and the percentages of outstanding shares represented by such beneficial ownership) as of September 30, 2021, of (i) each
director, (ii) the current NEOs named in the Summary Compensation Table contained in this Form 10-K and (iii) all current
directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock
listed below, based on information provided by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject
to community property laws where applicable. Persons, who have the power to vote or dispose of common stock of the Company, either alone
or jointly with others, are deemed to be beneficial owners of such common stock. 

Borisi Alborovi, 
President, CEO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board. 
 3,200,000 shares 

8 

Certain Stockholders 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of five percent or more of either class of the Company s outstanding
common stock. The content of this table is based upon the most current information contained in Schedules 13D or 13G filings with the
SEC, unless more recent information was obtained. 

Borisi Alborovi, 
President, CEO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board. 
 54 

This percentage is calculated based on the
outstanding shares of 5,920,000 as of September 30, 2021. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number
of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of September 30, 2020 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own
more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless otherwise indicated,
the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Title of Class 

Name and Address 
 of 
 Beneficial Owner 

Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 

Percentage 
 Of Common Stock 

Common 

Borisi Alborovi 

3,200,000 

54 

Common 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (1 person) 

3,400,000 

54 

Future Sales by Existing Shareholders 

A total of 3,200,000 common shares at 0.0001 per share have been issued
to our sole stockholder. They are restricted securities, as that term is defined in Rule 144 of the Rules and Regulations of the SEC promulgated
under the Act. Under Rule 144, such shares can be publicly sold, subject to volume restrictions and certain restrictions on the manner
of sale, commencing six months after their acquisition. 

Any sale of shares held by the existing stockholder (after applicable
restrictions expire) and/or the sale of shares purchased in this offering (which would be immediately resalable after the offering), may
have a depressive effect on the price of our common stock in any market that may develop, of which there can be no assurance. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

FEES TO THE COMPANY S AUDITORS 

Set forth below is a summary of certain fees paid
to our independent audit Mac Accounting Group, LLP, Independent registered public accountants for services for the fiscal years 2021 and
2020, respectively. 

Fee Category 
 Fiscal Year 2021 
 Fiscal Year 2020 
 
 Audit Fees 
 12,150 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 12,150 

9 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees were for professional services rendered
in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements set forth in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, the review of our quarterly
financial statements set forth in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and consents for other SEC filings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for
professional services for consultation on accounting matters. 

Approval of Services Provided by Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors has considered whether
the services provided under other non-audit services are compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence and has determined
that such services are compatible. The Board of Directors has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit work performed
by the external auditors. The Board of Directors will annually pre-approve services in specified accounting areas. The Board of Directors
also annually approves the budget for the annual generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) audit. 

10 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The following documents are filed
as part of this report: 

The Financial Statements of Medicale Corp. at September 30, 2021 and 2020, and for each of the two fiscal years
in the period ended September 30, 2021, together with the reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms, are set
forth on pages F-1 through F-9 of this Report. 

(2) Not applicable. 

(3) Exhibits 

31 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 32 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 

None. 

11 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on December 15, 2021. 

MEDICALE CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Borisi Alborovi 

Borisi Alborovi 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on December 15, 2021. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Borisi Alborovi 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, 
 
 Borisi Alborovi 

and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal 
 Accounting Officer) 

12 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

MEDICALE CORP. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent
 Registered Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Year ended September 30, 2021 and from August 17,
 2020 (inception) through September 31, 2020 
 F-4 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Year ended September
 30, 2021 and from August 17, 2020 (inception) through September 31,2020 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended September 30, 2021
 and from August 17, 2020 (inception) through September 31,2020 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Medicale Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Medicale Corp. as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2021 and for the period from inception on August 17, 2020 through September 30, 2020, and the related notes to the financial statements. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Medicale Corp. as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the periods then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has not yet generated any revenues. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to Medicale Corp. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Medicale Corp. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating critical audit matters, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts
or disclosures to which they relate. 

Intangible Assets Refer to note 6 to the financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company s evaluation of intangible assets for impairment
involves the comparison of the fair value of each intangible asset to its carrying value. The Company estimates fair value using the income
method, which is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows attributable to the assets. This requires management to make
significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future net sales and earnings. The company performed their annual impairment
assessment of the website as of September 30, 2021. Because the estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value, no impairment was
recorded. As of September 30, 2021, carrying value of the website was 9,600. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Our audit procedures involved evaluating the reasonableness of management s
forecasts and future plans for the Company through inquiry and by assessing the progress and development of the Company since the acquisition
of the website on September 30, 2020. 

/s/ Mac Accounting Group, LLP 

We have served as Medicale Corp.'s auditor since 2020. 

Midvale, Utah 

 December 15, 2021 

F- 2 

MEDICALE CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

September
 30, 
 2021 
 September 30, 
2020 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 Current Assets 

Cash 

Related
 party receivables 

Total
 current assets 

Intangible
 Assets, net 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 
 
 Liabilities 

Related party advances 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total Current
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Common stock, par value, 
 shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding
 respectively; 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders 
 Equity 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 3 

MEDICALE CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended September 30, 2021 
 From August 17, 2020 (inception) through the year ended September 30, 2020 

REVENUE 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and Administrative Expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE; BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING; BASIC AND DILUTED 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 4 

MEDICALE CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 
FROM AUGUST 17, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 31, 2020 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Balance, August 17, 2020 (inception) 

Sale of common stock to a related party at 0.0001 per share 

Sale of common stock at 0.001 per share 

Net loss for the period ended September 30, 2020 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Sale of common stock at 0.01 per share 

Net loss for the period ended September 30, 2021 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 5 

MEDICALE CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
the 
year ended 
September 30, 
2021 
 From August 17, 2020 
 (inception) 
 through the year 
 ended 
 September 30, 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the period 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in)
 operating activities 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Related party receivables 

CASH
 FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH
FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from
 related party short term advances 

CASH
 FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

Cash and equivalents
 at beginning of the period 

Cash and equivalents
 at end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral
part of these financial statements 

MEDICALE CORP. 

F- 6 

NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 and
2020 

as of September 30, 2021. The Company currently
has losses and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an
extended period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management
anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. The
Company intends to position itself so that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s
efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and
continue as a going concern. 

potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments
issued or outstanding. 

, par value shares of voting common
stock authorized. 

All shares of common stock have voting rights and are identical. All
holders of shares of common stock shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote for each share of the capital stock
held by such stockholder. 

During the period ended September 30, 2020, the Company sold 
shares of common stock to the Company s sole officer, director, and related party, Borisi Alborovi, for 0.0001 per share or . 

During the period ended September 30, 2020, the Company sold 
shares of common stock to a non-related party for 0.001 per share or . 

During the year ended September 31, 2021, the Company sold 
shares of common stock to a non-related party for 0.01 per share or . 

As of September 30, 2021 the company had shares issued and
outstanding. 

Voting Common Stock 

 All shares of common stock have voting rights
and are identical. All holders of shares of voting common stock shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote for
each share of the capital stock held by such stockholder. 

Non-voting Common Stock 

 All of the other terms of the Non-Voting Common
Stock shall be identical to the Voting Common Stock, except for the right of first refusal that attaches to the Non-Voting Common Stock,
as explained in the Company s Bylaws. 

and is amortizing the asset straight-line over its five year useful life
or 2,400 per year. 

Balances as of S eptember
30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 are as follows: 

Accumulated
 Amortization 

Net
 Book Value 

for operating expenses on behalf of the Company and as of
September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 the Company owed Mr. Alborovi and , respectively for these advances. The amounts
due to the related party are unsecured and non-interest bearing with no set terms of repayment. 

Mr. Alborovi
currently devotes approximately thirty hours per week to manage our affairs. Under a Consulting Agreement, our officer and director is
entitled to 1,000 per month in cash compensation but this amount is being deferred until the Company is in a position to start payments.
In addition, Mr. Albrovi is reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses that he incurs on our behalf. During the year ended September
30, 2021, Mr. Alborovi earned of compensation and as of September 30, 2021 the Company owed Mr. Albrovi for accrued wages. 

that may be available to reduce future years' taxable income in varying amounts
through 2041. 

Future tax benefits which arise as a result of
these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly,
the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. 

The 21 tax rate provision for Federal income
tax consists of the following: 

Related
 party accruals 

Less:
 change in valuation allowance 

Net
 provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 
of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Related
 party accruals 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax asset 

F- 10 

<EX-31>
 2
 medicale_ex031.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 2002 

I, Borisi Alborovi, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Medicale Corp. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures, to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 15, 2021 

/s/Borisi Alborovi 

 Borisi Alborovi 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 medicale_ex032.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Medicale Corp.(the
 Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), I, Boris Alborovi, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best
of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

/s/Borisi Alborovi 

Borisi Alborovi 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: December 15, 2021 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 mcle-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 mcle-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 mcle-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 mcle-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

