<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211119_10-K_edgar_data_1772016_0001772016-21-000118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10290781</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>354674</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2004895</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2873902</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2633182</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2276483</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001772016-21-000118.hdr.sgml : 20211119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211119122343
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001772016-21-000118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BELLRING BRANDS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001772016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				834096323
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39093
		FILM NUMBER:		211427492

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-644-6400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001772016-21-000118.txt : 20211119

10-K
 1
 brbr-20210930.htm
 10-K

brbr-20210930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, , the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was 
 Number of shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value outstanding as of November 15, 2021: 
 Number of shares of Class B Common Stock, 0.01 par value outstanding as of November 15, 2021: 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 , are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 3 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 38 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 38 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 41 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 79 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 79 
 Item 9C. 
 D isclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions T hat P revent I nspections 
 80 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 81 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 81 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 84 
 Signatures 
 85 

i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made throughout this report, including statements regarding the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and our continuing response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the proposed transaction between Post Holdings, Inc. Post and us for the distribution of a significant portion of Post s interest in us to Post s shareholders, including the amount of our equity Post intends to distribute, the form of the distribution and the expected timing of the completion of the proposed transaction. These forward-looking statements are sometimes identified from the use of forward-looking words such as believe, should, could, potential, continue, expect, project, estimate, predict, anticipate, aim, intend, plan, forecast, target, is likely, will, can, may or would or the negative of these terms or similar expressions elsewhere in this report. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on management s current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could affect expected results. Those risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including negative impacts on the global economy and capital markets, the health of our employees, our ability and the ability of our third party contract manufacturers to manufacture and deliver our products, operating costs, demand for our on-the-go products and our operations generally; 
 our dependence on sales from our ready-to-drink RTD protein shakes; 
 our ability to continue to compete in our product categories and our ability to retain our market position and favorable perceptions of our brands; 
 disruptions or inefficiencies in our supply chain, including as a result of our reliance on third party suppliers or manufacturers for the manufacturing of many of our products, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, labor shortages, fires and evacuations related thereto, changes in weather conditions, natural disasters, agricultural diseases and pests and other events beyond our control; 
 our dependence on a limited number of third party contract manufacturers for the manufacturing of most of our products, including one manufacturer for the substantial majority of our RTD protein shakes; 
 the ability of our third party contract manufacturers to produce an amount of our products that enables us to meet customer and consumer demand for the products; 
 our reliance on a limited number of third party suppliers to provide certain ingredients and packaging; 
 significant volatility in the cost or availability of inputs to our business (including freight, raw materials, packaging energy, labor and other supplies); 
 our ability to anticipate and respond to changes in consumer and customer preferences and behaviors and introduce new products; 
 consolidation in our distribution channels; 
 our ability to expand existing market penetration and enter into new markets; 
 the loss of, a significant reduction of purchases by or the bankruptcy of a major customer; 
 legal and regulatory factors, such as compliance with existing laws and regulations, as well as new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations and interpretations thereof, affecting our business, including current and future laws and regulations regarding food safety, advertising, labeling, tax matters and environmental matters; 
 fluctuations in our business due to changes in our promotional activities and seasonality; 
 our ability to maintain the net selling prices of our products and manage promotional activities with respect to our products; 
 our high leverage, our ability to obtain additional financing (including both secured and unsecured debt) and our ability to service our outstanding debt (including covenants that restrict the operation of our business); 
 the accuracy of our market data and attributes and related information; 
 changes in estimates in critical accounting judgments; 
 economic downturns that limit customer and consumer demand for our products; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 changes in economic conditions, disruptions in the United States U.S. and global capital and credit markets, changes in interest rates, volatility in the market value of derivatives and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 risks related to our ongoing relationship with Post, including Post s control over us and ability to control the direction of our business, conflicts of interest or disputes that may arise between Post and us, our obligations under various agreements with Post, including under the tax receivable agreement; 
 conflicting interests or the appearance of conflicting interests resulting from certain of our directors also serving as officers or directors of Post; 
 risks related to the proposed distribution by Post of a significant portion of its ownership interest in our Company, including that it is subject to various conditions and may not occur, our inability to take certain actions because such actions could jeopardize the tax-free status of the proposed distribution and our possible responsibility for U.S. federal tax liabilities related to the proposed distribution; 
 the ultimate impact litigation or other regulatory matters may have on us; 
 risks associated with our international business; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and other assets and to continue to use third party intellectual property subject to intellectual property licenses; 
 costs, business disruptions and reputational damage associated with information technology failures, cybersecurity incidents and/or information security breaches; 
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangibles; 
 our ability to identify, complete and integrate or otherwise effectively execute acquisitions or other strategic transactions and effectively manage our growth; 
 our ability to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 
 significant differences in our actual operating results from any guidance we may give regarding our performance; 
 our ability to hire and retain talented personnel, employee absenteeism, labor strikes, work stoppages or unionization efforts; and 
 other risks and uncertainties included under Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 
 We are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including industry and operating risks, financial and economic risks, legal and regulatory risks, risks related to our relationship with Post Holdings, Inc. Post ), risks related to ownership of our Class A common stock and certain general risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. Risks that we deem material are described in Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Global health developments and economic uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely impacted, are adversely impacting and could continue to adversely impact, our financial and operational performance. 
 A substantial amount of our net sales comes from our RTD protein shakes, and a decrease in sales of our RTD protein shakes would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We operate in a category with strong competition. 
 Disruption of our supply chain, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and changes in weather conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are currently dependent on a limited number of third party contract manufacturers for the manufacturing of most of our products, including one manufacturer for the substantial majority of our RTD protein shakes. Our business could suffer as a result of a third party contract manufacturer s inability to produce our products for us in the quantities required, on time or to our specifications. 
 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for certain equipment, ingredients and packaging materials, the price and availability of ingredients and packaging materials, higher freight costs and higher energy costs could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We must identify changing consumer and customer preferences and behaviors and develop and offer products to meet these preferences. 
 Our results may be adversely impacted if consumers do not maintain favorable perceptions of our brands. 
 Consolidation in our distribution channels, and competitive, economic and other pressures facing our customers, may hurt our profit margins. 
 Our sales and profit growth are dependent upon our ability to expand existing market penetration and enter into new markets. 
 Loss of, a significant reduction of purchases by or bankruptcy of a major customer may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Violations of laws or regulations by us or our third party contract manufacturers, as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our business. 
 Fluctuations in our business due to changes in our promotional activities and seasonality may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have substantial debt and high leverage, which could have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position and could adversely affect our business. 
 Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets could be adversely affected by a downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings. 
 Uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could limit consumer and customer demand for our products. 
 U.S. and global capital and credit market issues, including those that have arisen as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could negatively affect our liquidity, increase our costs of borrowing and disrupt the operations of our suppliers and customers. 
 The proposed distribution by Post of a significant portion of its ownership interest in our Company is subject to various conditions and may not occur. 
 If the Post Distribution Transaction (as defined below) is consummated, we will be subject to a variety of risks. 
 Post controls our Company and has the ability to control the direction of our business. 
 Post s interests may conflict with our interests and the interests of our other stockholders. Conflicts of interest or 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 disputes between Post and our Company could be resolved in a manner unfavorable to our Company and our other stockholders. 
 Our Company has overlapping directors and management with Post, which may lead to conflicting interests or the appearance of conflicting interests. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation could prevent us from benefiting from corporate opportunities that might otherwise have been available to us. 
 We may be unable to take certain actions because such actions could jeopardize the tax-free status of the Post Distribution Transaction, and such restrictions could be significant. 
 If the Post Distribution Transaction is consummated, we may be responsible for U.S. federal tax liabilities that relate to the Post Distribution Transaction. 
 Our agreements with Post require us to indemnify Post for certain tax liabilities. 
 The tax receivable agreement with Post and BellRing Brands, LLC BellRing LLC requires us to make cash payments to Post for certain tax benefits we may realize in the future, and these payments could be substantial. 
 In certain cases, future payments under the tax receivable agreement to Post may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement. 
 Our organizational structure confers certain benefits upon Post and certain of its successors and assigns that may not benefit our Class A common stockholders to the same extent, and that could result in determinations harmful to the interests of such stockholders. 
 Pending and future litigation and claims may impair our reputation or lead us to incur significant costs. 
 Our international operations subject us to additional risks. 
 Our intellectual property rights are valuable and any inability to protect them, or termination of our material intellectual property licenses, could reduce the value of our products and brands and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Technology failures, cybersecurity incidents and corruption of our data privacy protections could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 
 Impairment in the carrying value of intangible assets could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we will be required to record additional impairment charges, which may be significant. 
 If we pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 
 Future sales or distributions of shares of our Class A Common Stock by Post could depress our Class A Common Stock price, impact our operations or result in a change in control of us. 
 Actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance and our forward-looking statements. 
 A substantial portion of our total outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock may be sold into the market at any time, including as a result of the Post Distribution Transaction. These sales could cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 BellRing Inc. s only material asset is its interest in BellRing LLC, and accordingly, BellRing Inc. depends on distributions from BellRing LLC to pay taxes and expenses, including payments under the tax receivable agreement. BellRing LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 
 We may not be able to operate successfully if we are unable to recruit, hire, retain and develop key personnel and a qualified and diverse workforce. In addition, temporary workforce disruptions or the inability of our employees to safely perform their jobs for any reason, including as a result of illness (such as COVID-19) could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing Brands, Inc. BellRing Inc. closed its initial public offering (the IPO of 39.4 million shares of its Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Class A Common Stock ), which number of shares included the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase up to an additional 5.1 million shares of Class A Common Stock. BellRing Inc. received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately 524.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, all of which were contributed to BellRing Brands, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and BellRing Inc. s subsidiary BellRing LLC ), in exchange for 39.4 million BellRing LLC non-voting membership units (the BellRing LLC units ). For additional information regarding our history and our organizational structure following the IPO, see Our History and Our Organizational Structure below in this section. 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in this report to BellRing, we, our, us, the Company and our Company refer to (1) after the completion of our IPO, BellRing Inc. and its subsidiaries, including BellRing LLC, Premier Nutrition Company, LLC Premier Nutrition ), Dymatize Enterprises, LLC Dymatize ), Supreme Protein, LLC, the PowerBar brand and Active Nutrition International GmbH Active Nutrition International ), and (2) prior to the completion of our IPO, the active nutrition business of Post Holdings, Inc. Post ), which, effective as of Post s quarter ended June 30, 2015, had been comprised of the operations and business of Premier Nutrition, Dymatize, Supreme Protein, LLC and the PowerBar brand and also included Active Nutrition International, and all references in this report to BellRing Inc. or BellRing LLC refer only to such particular entity. 
 Our Company 
 We are a leader in the global convenient nutrition category, aiming to enhance the lives of our consumers by providing them with highly nutritious, great-tasting products they can enjoy throughout the day. Our primary brands, Premier Protein and Dymatize , target a broad range of consumers and compete in all major product forms, including ready-to-drink RTD protein shakes, other RTD beverages and powders. Our products are distributed across a diverse network of channels including club, food, drug and mass FDM ), eCommerce, specialty and convenience. 
 We have organically grown our net sales from 854.4 million in our year ended September 30, 2019 to 1,247.1 million in our year ended September 30, 2021. Over the same period, net earnings including redeemable noncontrolling interest declined from 123.1 million in our year ended September 30, 2019 to 114.4 million in our year ended September 30, 2021 primarily due to incremental interest expense and accelerated amortization related to the discontinuance of our Supreme Protein brand. 
 Our History 
 BellRing Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on March 20, 2019 in connection with our IPO. Upon completion of a series of transactions in connection with the IPO (the formation transactions ), BellRing LLC became the holder of Post s active nutrition business, which, effective as of Post s quarter ended June 30, 2015, and until the completion of our IPO, had been comprised of Premier Nutrition, Dymatize, the PowerBar brand and Active Nutrition International. 
 In its year ended September 30, 2013, Post acquired Premier Nutrition, which, at the time, was a marketer and distributor of high-quality protein shakes and nutrition bars under the Premier Protein brand and nutritional supplements under the Joint Juice brand. Premier Nutrition, Inc. was founded in 1997, and Joint Juice, Inc. was founded in 1999. In 2011, Joint Juice, Inc. acquired the Premier Protein brand and related assets from Premier Nutrition, Inc. via a corporate restructuring, and the resulting entity assumed the name Premier Nutrition Corporation. Effective September 30, 2019, Premier Nutrition Corporation converted to a limited liability company and changed its corporate name to Premier Nutrition Company, LLC. 
 In its year ended September 30, 2014, Post acquired Dymatize, which, at the time, was a manufacturer and marketer of high-quality protein powders and nutritional supplements under the Dymatize brand and nutrition bars under the Supreme Protein brand. Dymatize was founded in 1994 and purchased the S upreme Protein brand in 2012. 
 In its year ended September 30, 2015, Post acquired the PowerBar brand and Active Nutrition International. The PowerBar brand was founded in 1986. 
 Our Organizational Structure 
 As a result of the IPO and completion of the formation transactions: 
 Premier Nutrition, Dymatize, Supreme Protein, LLC and Active Nutrition International, the entities that formerly comprised the active nutrition business of Post, became direct or indirect subsidiaries of BellRing LLC. 
 BellRing Inc. became a holding company, and has no material assets other than its ownership of BellRing LLC units. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The members of BellRing LLC consist of Post and BellRing Inc. As of September 30, 2021, Post owns 71.2 of the economic interests in BellRing LLC, and BellRing Inc. (and, indirectly, the holders of our Class A Common Stock) owns 28.8 of the economic interests in BellRing LLC. 
 Post holds one share of BellRing Inc. Class B common stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Class B Common Stock ). For so long as Post or its affiliates (other than us) directly own more than 50 of BellRing LLC units, the share of Class B Common Stock represents 67 and the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock represent 33 , respectively, of the combined voting power of the common stock of BellRing Inc. By virtue of its ownership of the Class B Common Stock, Post controls BellRing Inc. 
 BellRing Inc. holds the voting membership unit of BellRing LLC (which represents the power to appoint and remove the members of the board of managers of BellRing LLC (the Board of Managers and no economic interest in BellRing LLC). BellRing Inc. has the authority to appoint the members of the BellRing LLC Board of Managers and, therefore, controls BellRing LLC. 
 The financial results of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries are consolidated with BellRing Inc., and a portion of the consolidated net earnings are allocated to the redeemable noncontrolling interest (the NCI to reflect the entitlement of Post to a portion of the consolidated net earnings. 
 See Note 1 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for more information about the IPO and formation transactions. 
 In August 2021, Post announced its plan to distribute a significant portion of its ownership interest in BellRing Inc. to its shareholders, and in October 2021, BellRing Inc. and Post announced the signing of a Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Transaction Agreement between them, BellRing Distribution, LLC, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Post New BellRing ), and BellRing Merger Sub Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of New BellRing Merger Sub related to Post s distribution plan. Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, Post will contribute its one share of our Class B Common Stock, all of its BellRing LLC units and cash to New BellRing in exchange for all of the then-outstanding equity of New BellRing and New BellRing indebtedness (the Separation ). New BellRing will convert into a Delaware corporation, and Post will then distribute at least 80.1 of its shares of New BellRing common stock to Post shareholders in a pro-rata distribution, an exchange offer or a combination of both, depending on market conditions. Upon completion of the distribution of New BellRing common stock to Post shareholders (the Distribution ), Merger Sub will merge with and into BellRing Inc. (the Merger and together with the Separation and Distribution, the Post Distribution Transaction ), with BellRing Inc. as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New BellRing. Pursuant to the Merger, each outstanding share of our Class A Common Stock will be converted into one share of New BellRing common stock plus a to-be-determined amount of cash per share. The exact cash consideration will be determined in accordance with the Transaction Agreement based upon several factors, including the amount of New BellRing indebtedness to be issued. Immediately following the Distribution and Merger, it is expected that Post will own no more than 14.2 of the New BellRing common stock and the Post shareholders will own at least 57.0 of the New BellRing common stock. Legacy Class A common stockholders will own approximately 28.8 of the New BellRing common stock, maintaining their current effective ownership interest in our business. The Transaction Agreement also contemplates that Post and New BellRing will enter into certain customary ancillary agreements in connection with the consummation of the Merger. Completion of the transactions is anticipated to occur in the first calendar quarter of 2022, subject to certain customary closing conditions, although there can be no assurance that the transactions will occur within the expected timeframe or at all. 
 See Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this report and Note 18 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for more information about the above-mentioned transactions. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and continues to cause global economic disruption and uncertainty, including in our business. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and developments related thereto on our business and to remain focused on ensuring the health and safety of our employees, maintaining the continuity of our supply chain to serve customers and consumers and preserving financial liquidity to navigate the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. For discussion regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results, see Sales, Marketing and Distribution below, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. 
 Our Industry 
 We operate in the global convenient nutrition category, a rapidly-growing and on-trend category within the food and beverage industry. The United States (the U.S. is our primary market and is the largest and most developed market in the 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 world for our category. We believe the U.S. convenient nutrition category can be broken down into four key consumer need states as defined by our management: everyday nutrition, adult nutrition, sports nutrition and weight management. 
 While we believe most brands in the convenient nutrition category are positioned to appeal to consumers primarily in one need state, Premier Protein has developed brand equities and product value propositions to appeal to a broad range of consumer need states. We primarily compete in the everyday nutrition and sports nutrition consumer need states, but also appeal to the adult nutrition and weight management consumer need states. We define everyday nutrition as nutritious products that can be consumed throughout the day as part of a healthy lifestyle. Our Dymatize brand is focused primarily on sports nutrition, which we define as consumers looking to supplement sports endurance and body building needs. 
 Brand Overview 
 Our primary brands, based on fiscal 2021 sales, are Premier Protein and Dymatize . Together our brands cover the major product forms in the convenient nutrition category and appeal to a broad range of consumer need states. Our percentage of net sales by brand for our year ended September 30, 2021 were as follows: Premier Protein , 83.0 ; Dymatize , 12.6 ; and other, 4.4 . 
 Three product forms accounted for the substantial majority of our fiscal 2021 net sales. In our year ended September 30, 2021, RTD protein shakes and other RTD beverages were 81.3 of our net sales, powders were 14.3 of our net sales and nutrition bars were 3.6 of our net sales. 
 Premier Protein 
 Our largest brand, Premier Protein , is a leading mainstream, lifestyle brand. Premier Protein s product portfolio consists of RTD protein shakes, refreshing protein beverages and protein powders. Premier Protein s flagship RTD protein shakes are available in 11 flavors and contain 30 grams of protein with only one gram of sugar and 160 calories. They are gluten- and soy-free, low fat and fortified with 24 vitamins and minerals. The brand s Premier Protein with Oats shake line adds more balanced nutrition with 20 grams of protein plus 7 grams of fiber and can be enjoyed both hot and cold. Our RTD protein shakes are formulated to deliver great-tasting, leading protein levels while maintaining one of the leanest nutritional profiles in the category (as measured by sugar and calorie content). Premier Protein s powder portfolio consists of 100 whey protein products. We believe the product profile appeals to consumers across age ranges in all four need states. 
 Dymatize 
 Our Dymatize brand is a market leader targeting fitness enthusiasts who value the brand for its science-based product development, athletic performance focus and great taste. The brand s portfolio includes an assortment of sports nutrition products, including protein powders. The majority of Dymatize s sales are generated through protein powders. Our protein powder portfolio consists of three primary products: ISO.100 made with hydrolyzed 100 Whey Protein Isolate, Elite 100 Whey and Super Mass Gainer. ISO.100 , the brand s flagship product, has a global reach with sales in more than seventy countries. In addition to powders, Dymatize offers a suite of products to meet the needs of athletes, including pre-workout and post-workout recovery products. Dymatize products are sold in a variety of retail channels including specialty, FDM, club and online. 
 Our Customers 
 Our customers are predominantly club stores, FDM customers, online retailers, specialty retailers, convenience stores and distributors. We sell our products domestically and in more than seventy countries globally. Our U.S. business represented 88.3 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2021 and our international business represented 11.7 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Our largest customers, Costco and Walmart (which includes its affiliates, including Sam s Club), accounted for approximately 65.3 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2021. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our fiscal 2021 net sales. 
 Sales, Marketing and Distribution 
 In the U.S., we utilize a direct sales force in multiple channels, including club, FDM, convenience, specialty and eCommerce. We also sell through a broker network for customers in the convenience, grocery and mass channels, and through distributors for the specialty channel. In international markets, we sell our products through a combination of direct sales to retailers and to third party distributors. We utilize a direct sales force in key markets in the European Union (the E.U. for multiple channels, including FDM, convenience, specialty and eCommerce. We also sell through distributors in the specialty channel. 
 We maintain a dedicated multi-faceted and consumer-driven marketing strategy for each of our primary brands, tailoring initiatives to each brand s target audience. Each of our brands maintains a presence across all major social media platforms. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Premier Protein . Premier Protein s marketing strategy is aimed at accelerating the brand s positioning as a lifestyle brand for mainstream consumers. Premier Protein s marketing initiatives are focused on increasing awareness to drive product trial and adoption as well as expanding household penetration among this group of consumers. Premier Protein employs a broad media strategy, which includes digital media, search marketing, television, in-store marketing and demos and online dedicated programming. As part of its marketing strategy, Premier Protein leverages its fans enthusiasm for the brand to spread the word of our products. The brand utilizes an influencer marketing program called Premier Shakers that leverages micro-influencers, content creators and top-tier influencers to generate further awareness of Premier Protein . 
 Dymatize . Dymatize s marketing strategy is focused on retailer-specific programs, online and specialty print media and social media. Social media is a high-touch medium that resonates with Dymatize s core fitness-focused consumers. The brand also utilizes a social media influencer model, Team Dymatize, engaging with athletes. This team promotes product usage via personal social media channels to drive awareness for the brand among its target demographic. 
 Our products are distributed through a network of third party common carriers. 
 Demand for our products is impacted by changes in consumer behaviors and preferences, and we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, changes in consumer consumption patterns as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures that have been and are being taken by governments, businesses, including us, and the public at large to limit the spread, variants and resurgences of COVID-19. Our products generally experienced a decline in sales starting in March 2020, returned to growth rates in line with their pre-pandemic levels during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and remained strong in fiscal 2021. We continue to actively monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business; however, we are unable to accurately predict the future impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have due to various uncertainties, including the duration, severity and spread of COVID-19, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the pandemic, the availability and adoption of effective treatments and vaccines, changes in consumer behaviors and preferences and the impact on our supply chain, operations, workforce and the financial markets. For further discussion regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business refer to the COVID-19 Pandemic section above, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. For additional discussion, refer to Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements above. 
 Research and Development 
 We continue to improve and expand our product offerings with new flavors, ingredients, packaging and process development technologies. We leverage our dedicated market research, consumer insights and innovation teams, supplemented by leading design firms, product development companies, third party flavor houses and consultants. 
 Supply Chain 
 Raw Materials . Raw materials used in our business consist of ingredients and packaging materials purchased from local, regional and international suppliers. Our principal ingredients include milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends. Our primary packaging materials include aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons, flexible and rigid plastic film and containers, beverage packaging and corrugate. We purchase our raw materials in accordance with rigorous standards to assure food quality and safety. Supply availability and prices paid for raw materials can fluctuate widely due to external factors, such as pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, weather conditions, labor disputes, governmental programs, regulations and trade and tariff policies, industry consolidation, economic climate, energy shortages, transportation delays, commodity market prices, currency fluctuations and other unforeseen circumstances. We continuously monitor supply and cost trends of these raw materials to enable us to obtain ingredients and packaging needed for our products. 
 Under the terms of an agreement with a significant protein powder supplier, Premier Nutrition is required to purchase a minimum periodic volume of protein powder and has the right (but not the obligation) to order quantities in excess of such minimum amount provided the supplier has the capacity and the ability to produce such additional quantities. The agreement also contains detailed provisions regarding the product specifications and quality standards for the raw materials to be provided by the supplier, the rights of a party in the event the other party does not comply with its obligations under the agreement and other customary contractual terms and conditions. The agreement expires on October 30, 2024. 
 Energy 
 Electricity and steam are used in the facilities that manufacture our products. In addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our products. 
 Manufacturing . We primarily engage third party contract manufacturers in North America and the E.U. to produce our products. We receive products from our third party contract manufacturers for an agreed-upon tolling charge for each item produced as well as other minor costs. Most of our relationships with our contract manufacturing partners include minimum volume commitments, whereby the third party contract manufacturer has committed to produce, and we have committed to 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 purchase, a minimum quantity of product. We own a manufacturing plant in Voerde, Germany that supplies nutrition bars and gels primarily for the E.U., Switzerland and the U.K. 
 We regularly monitor the capacity and performance of our third party contract manufacturing partners and suppliers and qualify new contract manufacturing partners and suppliers as needed. Given the growth profile of our primary products, we continuously plan for incremental capacity and review additional strategic alternatives to support our business. 
 From three separate and geographically diverse manufacturing locations, our largest third party contract manufacturer provided approximately 67.5 of our Premier Protein RTD shake supply for our year ended September 30, 2021. Under the terms of a manufacturing agreement with the third party contract manufacturer, Premier Nutrition is required to purchase a minimum annual order volume of RTD protein shakes and has the right (but not the obligation) to order quantities in excess of a monthly minimum amount provided the third party contract manufacturer has the capacity and the ability to produce such additional quantities. In addition, under the terms of the manufacturing agreement, the third party contract manufacturer has committed to produce an annual minimum volume of RTD protein shakes. The manufacturing agreement also contains detailed provisions regarding the product specifications and quality standards for the products to be manufactured and packaged by the third party contract manufacturer, the tolling charges for each item produced (and certain other costs) to be paid by Premier Nutrition (and related payment terms), shipping and storage obligations, the rights of a party in the event the other party does not comply with its obligations under the manufacturing agreement and other customary contractual terms and conditions. The manufacturing agreement expires on December 31, 2022. 
 We regularly evaluate our contract manufacturing arrangements to ensure the cost-effective manufacturing of our products. We select our manufacturing partners based on expertise, quality, cost and location. Our quality assurance team frequently monitors manufacturing partners to ensure our partners meet our rigorous processing and quality standards, detailed in our Quality Expectations Manual, including requirements for third party certification of Good Manufacturing Practices. Our owned production plant in Voerde, Germany is additionally certified to one of the international Food Safety Standards (ISO/FSSC 22.000, IFS or BRC), SMETA 4-pillars (Labour, Environment, Health and Safety, Business Ethics) and OHSAS 18001 (Health and Safety). 
 Distribution . In North America, our products typically are shipped directly from our contract manufacturing partners to a network of third party warehouses. Products are distributed from third party warehouses to customer distribution centers or retail stores or are exported to international customers. Occasionally, we ship products directly from our third party contract manufacturers to our customers distribution centers. 
 We maintain one third party warehouse location in Germany, which receives products from our production facility located in Voerde, Germany or directly from our third party contract manufacturers. Our branded products are distributed from third party warehouses to customer distribution centers or retail stores or are exported to international customers. 
 Competition 
 The convenient nutrition category in which we operate is highly competitive and highly sensitive to both pricing and promotion. We compete with other brands, including private label and store brand products, and with many nutritional food and beverage players. We have numerous competitors of varying sizes, including manufacturers of other branded food and beverage products, as well as manufacturers of private label products. Some of our competitors have substantially more financial, marketing and other resources than us. Competition in our industry is based on, among other things, product quality, taste, functional benefits, nutritional value and ingredients, convenience, brand loyalty and positioning, product variety, product packaging, shelf space, price, promotional activities and the ability to identify and satisfy dynamic, emerging consumer preferences. Our principal strategies for competing in our industry include strong and impactful marketing to build awareness of our products, effective customer relationship management, category insights, superior product quality and food safety, product innovation, an efficient supply chain and competitive pricing. We expect the industry we operate in to remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. 
 Seasonality 
 We experience seasonal fluctuations in our sales and earnings before interest and taxes EBIT margins because of consumer spending patterns and timing of our key retailers promotional activity. Historically, our first quarter of the fiscal year is seasonally low for net sales for all brands driven by a slowdown of consumption of our products during the holiday season. Sales are typically higher throughout the remainder of the fiscal year as a result of stronger consumer demand in our second quarter of the fiscal year, promotional activity at key retailers and organic growth of the business. Seasonal fluctuations in our sales and EBIT margins may not be the same in the future as they have been historically. For a discussion of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which impacted sales trends for fiscal 2020 and 2021, refer to Sales, Marketing and Distribution above. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Trademarks and Intellectual Property 
 We own or have licenses to use a number of trademarks that are critical to the success of our business. Our key trademarks include BellRing , BellRing Brands , Premier Protein , Premier Nutrition , Dymatize , ISO.100 , PowerBar and Joint Juice , each of which we own, as well as trademarks that we license from third parties, such as Pebbles and Dunkin . Our owned trademarks are, in most cases, protected through registration in the U.S. or Germany, as well as in many other countries where the related brands or products are sold. We also own, or have applications pending, for several patents in the U.S. and other countries. While our patent portfolio as a whole is material to our business, no one patent or group of related patents is material to our business. In addition, we have copyrights, proprietary trade secrets, technology, know-how processes and other intellectual property rights that are not registered. 
 We rely on a combination of trademark law, copyright law, trade secrets, non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements and provisions in agreements and other measures to establish and protect our proprietary rights to our products, packaging, processes and intellectual property. 
 Governmental Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to regulation by federal, state and local governmental entities and agencies in the U.S., as well as similar regulations in Canada, Mexico, Europe and other international locations, including food safety laws, labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, privacy laws, consumer protection regulations, worker health and safety regulations, environmental laws and regulations and other laws and regulations. 
 Our products are regulated in the U.S. either as food or dietary supplements, which internationally may be regulated as pharmaceuticals or other health food categories. As a producer and distributor of goods for human consumption, we must comply with stringent production, storage, recordkeeping, distribution, labeling and marketing standards established by the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the USDA ), the Federal Trade Commission and state and local agencies in the U.S. We also must comply with standards established by similar regulatory agencies in Canada, Mexico, the E.U. and elsewhere. In addition, some of our products are produced and marketed under contract as part of special certification programs such as organic, kosher or non-GMO, and must comply with the strict standards of federal, state and third party certifying organizations. Products that do not meet regulatory or third party standards may be considered adulterated or misbranded and subject to withdrawal or recall. Additionally, following the adoption of the Food Safety Modernization Act in the U.S. and the Safe Foods for Canadians Act in Canada, the FDA and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency are implementing additional regulations focused on prevention of food contamination, more frequent inspection of high-risk facilities, increased record-keeping and improved tracing of food. 
 Our manufacturing facility in Germany is subject to certain safety regulations, including the German Occupational Safety and Health Regulation. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. Additionally, some of the food commodities on which our business relies are subject to governmental agricultural programs (e.g., subsidies and import/export regulations), which have substantial effects on the prices and supplies of these commodities. 
 In addition, our operations are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws and regulations regarding data privacy, including the General Data Protection Regulation, the E.U. s retained law version of the General Data Protection Regulation and the California Privacy Rights Act, each of which applies to certain aspects of our business and deal with the collection and use of personal information obtained from data subjects. As a company with international operations, we also are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and other countries related to anti-corruption, antitrust and competition and economic sanctions. 
 Our business also is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations with respect to environmental matters, including air quality, wastewater and storm water management, waste handling and disposal and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. In the U.S., the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act Proposition 65 ), among others. Internationally, our operations, including our manufacturing facility in Germany, are subject to local and national regulations similar to those applicable to us in the U.S. We have made, and will continue to make, expenditures to ensure compliance with environmental regulations. 
 Human Capital 
 We have approximately 355 employees as of November 1, 2021. Of these employees, approximately 205 are in the U.S., approximately 140 are in Germany and approximately 10 are in other countries. Our people are critical to our success and we prioritize providing a safe, rewarding and respectful workplace where our people are provided with opportunities to pursue career paths based on skills, performance and mindset. We adhere to our Code of Conduct, which sets forth a commitment to our stakeholders, including our employees, to operate with integrity and mutual respect. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Health and Safety 
 We are committed to maintaining a healthy and safe workplace for our employees. In our Voerde, Germany manufacturing facility, we have a comprehensive safety and risk management system in place that incorporates rigorous safety standards and practices, employee and leadership training to ensure consistent implementation of our safety protocols and periodic internal and external audits to evaluate our compliance with these policies. 
 Talent Acquisition, Development, Engagement and Retention 
 Acquiring, developing, engaging and retaining a diverse and talented workforce is key to accomplishing our goals and achieving business results. 
 We have taken steps to enhance our talent acquisition processes, including implementing diversity training for recruiters, employee training on interview skills and processes to improve our candidate selection process to promote more diversity among our employees. We also have updated our careers websites and job descriptions and increased community outreach to enable us to reach a wider audience of candidates. 
 Providing development opportunities and resources for our employees is another key factor in our human capital strategy. We offer a variety of training and development programs for employees at all levels of our organization, including monthly development trainings for people leaders of all levels, along with in depth workshops for new managers. 
 We check in with our employees through regular engagement surveys and then act on those survey results, as appropriate. Employee-led groups, opportunities to participate in informal wellness activities and philanthropic work are informed by what our employees identify as important to them. We measure our progress and take additional actions, as needed. We communicate transparently with our employees about the organization to keep our employees informed and engaged. 
 We strive to develop and implement compensation and benefits policies and programs that support our business goals, maintain competitiveness, promote shared fiscal responsibility among the Company and our employees, strategically align talent within our organization and reward performance, while also managing the costs of such policies and programs. We provide our employees with competitive fixed and/or variable pay and, for eligible employees, we currently provide access to medical, dental and life insurance benefits, disability coverage, a 401(k) plan and employee assistance programs, among other benefits. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging 
 We recognize the importance of a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture for our employees and we are dedicated to creating an inclusive environment that reflects the communities in which we live and work. We have implemented initiatives to track and improve our performance in these areas. During fiscal 2021, we conducted company-wide workshops on diversity topics, as well as online respectful workplace training for all employees. 
 COVID-19 Response 
 During fiscal 2021, as the COVID-19 pandemic has persisted, we have continued to prioritize the health, safety and well-being of our employees. Many of the safety measures implemented in fiscal 2020 also were utilized in fiscal 2021. At various points during fiscal 2021, these measures have included, where practicable: practicing social distancing, providing personal protective equipment, encouraging hygiene practices advised by health authorities, restricting business travel and site visitors, increasing ventilation to promote air exchanges, placing air purifying units throughout our offices and implementing remote working for certain office employees. We continue to monitor our practices to remain aligned with federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and guidelines. 
 Additional Information 
 We make available, free of charge, through our website (www.bellringbrands.com) reports we file with, or furnish to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our annual reports on Forms 10-K, quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, current reports on Forms 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site containing these reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Conduct and the charters of the Audit and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees of our Board of Directors also are available on our website, where they can be printed free of charge. All of these documents also are available to stockholders at no charge upon request sent to BellRing s corporate secretary (2503 S. Hanley Road, St. Louis, Missouri 63144-2503, Telephone: 314-644-7600). The information and other content contained on our website are not part of (or incorporated by reference in) this report or any other document we file with the SEC. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The section below provides information regarding our executive officers as of November 19, 2021: 
 Robert V. Vitale , age 55, has served as our Executive Chairman since September 2019 and serves as our co-principal executive officer. Mr. Vitale has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Post, and a member of Post s board of directors, since November 2014. Previously, Mr. Vitale served as Chief Financial Officer of Post from October 2011 until November 2014. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AHM Financial Group, LLC, a diversified provider of insurance brokerage and wealth management services, from 2006 until 2011 and previously was a partner of Westgate Equity Partners, LLC, a consumer-oriented private equity firm. Mr. Vitale is a member of the board of directors of 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc., a private brand-centric consumer products holding company owned by Post and other third parties. Mr. Vitale also has been the president and chief investment officer of Post Holdings Partnering Corporation, a publicly-traded affiliate of Post that is a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a partnering transaction with one or more businesses, since January 2021, and has served on the board of directors of Energizer Holdings, Inc., a publicly traded manufacturer and distributor of primary batteries, portable lights and auto care, appearance, performance, refrigerant and fragrance products, since August 2017. Mr. Vitale earned his undergraduate degree from St. Louis University and his MBA from Washington University. 
 Darcy H. Davenport , age 48, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2019, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since the completion of our IPO and serves as our co-principal executive officer. Until the completion of the IPO, Ms. Davenport served as President of Post s active nutrition business since October 2017 and as President of Premier Nutrition, which became a subsidiary of BellRing Inc. upon completion of our IPO, since November 2016. Ms. Davenport previously served as General Manager of Premier Nutrition from October 2014 to November 2016 and Vice President of Marketing from October 2011 to October 2014. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition, Ms. Davenport served as Director of Brand Marketing at Joint Juice, Inc., a liquid dietary supplement manufacturer, from May 2009 to October 2011, when it combined with Premier Nutrition. Ms. Davenport has served as a member of the board of directors of Blentech Corporation, a company focusing on developing custom-made, food processing solutions including equipment, integrated systems and software, since January 2010. Ms. Davenport earned her undergraduate degree from Princeton University and her MBA from New York University s Leonard N. Stern School of Business. 
 Douglas J. Cornille , age 49, has served as Senior Vice President, Marketing of Premier Nutrition, which became a subsidiary of BellRing Inc. upon completion of our IPO, since July 2015. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition, Mr. Cornille was Brand Director at Clif Bar Company, a manufacturer of various food products, from August 2011 to July 2015 and was Senior Brand Manager at Dreyer s Grand Ice Cream Holdings, Inc., a manufacturer of ice cream and frozen yogurt, from September 2003 to August 2011. Mr. Cornille earned his undergraduate degree from Rhodes College and attended Oxford University, St. John s College. Mr. Cornille earned his MBA from Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business. 
 R. Lee Partin , age 68, has served as Senior Vice President, Sales of Premier Nutrition, which became a subsidiary of BellRing Inc. upon completion of our IPO, since March 2012. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition, Mr. Partin was Director of Sales of Joint Juice, Inc., a liquid dietary supplement manufacturer that combined with Premier Nutrition in October 2011, from September 2008 to March 2012. Mr. Partin previously was a general manager of Dreyer s Grand Ice Cream Holdings, Inc., a manufacturer of ice cream and frozen yogurt, from November 1982 to September 2008. Mr. Partin is a graduate of Virginia Commonwealth University - School of Business. 
 Paul A. Rode , age 51, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since September 2019 and serves as our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Mr. Rode served as Chief Financial Officer of Post s active nutrition business from May 2015 until the completion of our IPO and as Chief Financial Officer of Consumer Brands, a prior reporting segment of Post, from November 2014 to May 2015. Mr. Rode previously served as Vice President, Finance of Post from January 2014 to November 2014 and Vice President, Corporate Development of Post from October 2013 to January 2014. Prior to joining Post, Mr. Rode served as Vice President, Corporate Controller of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc., which was a publicly traded consumer products company and the former parent company of Post, from February 2010 to September 2013. Mr. Rode earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Kentucky and his MBA from Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management. 
 Craig L. Rosenthal , age 50, has served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since August 2019. Prior to joining BellRing Inc., Mr. Rosenthal was an attorney at Husch Blackwell LLP from May 2019 to August 2019. From January 2018 to May 2019, while complying with the terms of a non-competition agreement entered into with a previous employer that expired in March 2019, Mr. Rosenthal provided legal counsel regarding business transactions to small businesses and individuals. Mr. Rosenthal served as Senior Vice President-Law and Assistant Secretary at Altice USA, Inc., a publicly traded broadband communications and video services provider, from June 2016 to December 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Rosenthal was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Cequel Communications, LLC dba Suddenlink Communications, a telecommunications and technology company, from 2005 to June 2016, when it was acquired by Altice USA, Inc. Previously, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Rosenthal was an attorney at Husch Eppenberger LLC (now Husch Blackwell LLP). Mr. Rosenthal earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Missouri-Columbia and juris doctorate from Washington University School of Law. 
 Robin Singh, age 52, has served as Senior Vice President, Operations of Premier Nutrition, which became a subsidiary of BellRing Inc. upon completion of our IPO, since March 2019. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition, Mr. Singh held various senior leadership positions at Mondelez International, Inc., a publicly traded multinational snack food company, from 1996 until March 2019, including Vice President of Operations from July 2018 to March 2019, Director of Supply Chain Strategy and Supply Chain Reinvention North America from February 2016 to July 2018, and Director of Supply Planning North America from January 2014 to January 2016. Mr. Singh attended The University of Western Ontario - Richard Ivey School of Business and the University of Guelph, Ontario. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the information discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although the risks below are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Industry and Operating Risks 
 Global health developments and economic uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely impacted, are adversely impacting and could continue to adversely impact, our financial and operational performance. 
 The public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures that have been and are being taken by governments, businesses, including us, and the public at large to directly and indirectly respond to and limit the spread, variants and resurgences of COVID-19 have had, are having and could continue to have certain impacts on our financial and operational performance, including the following: 
 We have experienced, and we expect that we will continue to experience, temporary workforce or other disruptions in our supply chain, including our third party contract manufacturers, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including employee absenteeism and labor shortages, which have negatively impacted and we expect will continue to negatively impact our and our third party contract manufacturers ability to manufacture, and our ability to deliver, our products. We have had to, and expect to have future needs to, place one or more of our products on allocation. 
 We have experienced, and could continue to experience, shifts in consumption of our products due to reduced on-the-go usage occasions resulting from permanent and temporary business closures, shelter-in-place regulations or recommendations and changes in consumer behavior in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to these food consumption shifts, during fiscal 2020, we saw reduced consumption of our products. If the COVID-19 pandemic persists or intensifies, the negative impacts on consumption of our products could recur, be more prolonged or may become more severe. 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and the operations of third parties in our supply chain has included, and we expect in the future will include, increases in the cost, or reductions in the availability and timely delivery of, ingredients, packaging and other materials used to manufacture our products, operational delays, increases in the cost of freight and lack of adequate manufacturing capacity and has resulted in, and we expect will result in additional, interruptions in our supply chain. In addition, failure of third parties on which we rely (raw materials suppliers, third party contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors, external business partners and commercial banks) to meet their obligations to us or disruptions of their ability to do so could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have incurred, and may continue to incur, increased operating costs, including facility reconfiguration costs to enhance social distancing, purchases of equipment and supplies that are in high demand and costs to engage third party resources, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we have incurred, and may continue to incur, additional expenses to comply with new requirements imposed by governmental authorities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Changes and volatility in consumer purchasing and consumption patterns may increase demand for our products (such as occurred for certain of our products beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 and which we expect to continue into fiscal 2022), which in certain cases exceeded, and could in the future exceed, our production capacity or otherwise strain our supply chain and resulted in, and could in the future result in, one or more of our products being placed on allocation. 
 Consumer perceptions of our Company s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and any perceived quality or health concerns (whether or not valid) regarding our products, could affect our brand value. 
 Significant policy changes in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products (including quarantines, import or export restrictions, price controls, governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions or unemployment or other benefits) could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Deteriorating economic conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, including economic slowdowns or recessions or significant disruptions or volatility in financial markets, could limit our ability to satisfy our debt obligations or impact the cost or availability of additional capital. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic may result in investigations, legal claims or litigation against us. 
 Continued business disruptions and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic for a sustained period of time could result in additional delays or modifications to our strategic plans and other initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve anticipated cost savings and productivity initiatives on planned timelines. 
 Changes in trade promotion activities could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 These and other impacts have caused, and may continue to cause, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows that have been and may continue to be material. In addition, such impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have heightened, or in some cases manifested, other risks set forth below, any of which could have a material effect on us. Although restrictions on mobility have been reduced or in some cases lifted, the COVID-19 pandemic continues, and we expect will continue, to impact our business. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of as of the date hereof. The extent and potential short and long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which could be material, will depend on future developments, including the duration, severity and spread of COVID-19, actions that have and may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the pandemic, the availability and adoption of effective treatments and vaccines, changing consumer behaviors and the impact on our supply chain, operations, workforce and the financial markets, all of which remain highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 A substantial amount of our net sales comes from our RTD protein shakes, and a decrease in sales of our RTD protein shakes would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 A substantial amount of our net sales is derived from our RTD protein shakes. Sales of our RTD protein shakes represented approximately 80.2 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2021. We believe that sales of our RTD protein shakes will continue to constitute a substantial amount of our net sales for the foreseeable future. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be harmed by a decline in the market for our RTD protein shakes, increased competition in the market for those products, disruptions in our ability to produce those products, whether due to manufacturer inability, supply chain failures or otherwise (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic), or our failure or inability to provide sufficient investment to support and market those products as needed to maintain or grow their competitive position or to achieve more widespread market acceptance. 
 We operate in a category with strong competition. 
 The convenient nutrition category in which we operate is highly competitive. We compete with other brands in the convenient nutrition category and with many nutritional food and beverage players, as well as manufacturers of private label and store brand products. Many of our competitors offer products similar to our products, or a wider range of products than we offer, and may offer their products at more competitive prices than we do. Competition in our industry is based on, among other things, product quality, taste, functional benefits, nutritional value and ingredients, convenience, brand loyalty and positioning, product variety, product packaging, shelf space, price, promotional activities and the ability to identify and satisfy dynamic, emerging consumer preferences. Some of our principal competitors have substantially more financial, marketing and other resources than we have. Our category also includes a number of smaller competitors, many of whom offer products similar to ours and may have unique ties to retailers. A strong competitive response from one or more of our competitors to our marketplace efforts, or a shift in consumer preferences to competitors products, could result in us reducing pricing, increasing marketing or other expenditures or losing market share. Competitive pressures also may restrict our ability to increase our prices, including in response to cost increases. Our profits could decrease if a reduction in prices or increased costs are not counterbalanced with increased sales volume. In addition, our competitors are increasingly using social media networks to advertise products. If we are unable to use social media effectively to advertise our products, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Disruption of our supply chain, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and changes in weather conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our ability to make, move and sell products in coordination with our suppliers, third party contract manufacturers and distributors is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our collective supply, manufacturing or distribution capabilities resulting from weather, freight carrier availability, any potential effects of climate change, natural disaster, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, governmental restrictions or mandates, labor shortages, border closures, freight carrier availability, agricultural diseases, fires or evacuations related thereto, explosions, cyber incidents, terrorism, strikes or other labor unrest, repairs or enhancements at facilities manufacturing or delivering our products or other reasons could impair our ability to source inputs or manufacture, sell or timely deliver our products. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in weather conditions and natural disasters, such as fires, floods, droughts, frosts, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, insect infestations and plant disease, also may affect the cost and supply of commodities used as raw materials, including milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends. Further, as we rely on a limited number of third party suppliers to provide certain ingredients and packaging materials, and one supplier for the majority of our milk-based protein, adverse events affecting such suppliers may limit our ability to obtain such raw materials, or alternatives for these raw materials, at competitive prices, or at all. For example, for our year ended September 30, 2021, approximately 67.5 of our Premier Protein RTD shake supply came from our largest third party contract manufacturer, with approximately 38.3 of our Premier Protein RTD shake supply manufactured at its Joplin, Missouri facility. In 2011, a major tornado struck Joplin, Missouri, but our supply of product from the Joplin, Missouri facility was not impacted. In addition, production of the RTD protein shakes in the 11 ounce size by our third party contract manufacturers requires packaging that we currently are sourcing from only one supplier, and equipment that our third party contract manufacturers are currently sourcing from the same supplier. Our supply of packaging for our 11 ounce RTD protein shakes from this supplier comes primarily from three of its locations. Competitors can be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their suppliers and operations. 
 As previously discussed, during fiscal 2020 and 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, our operations, including disruptions in our supply chain. During the COVID-19 pandemic, demand for certain of our products has in certain cases exceeded our production capacity and we expect will continue to do so in the future or otherwise strain our supply chain. We continue to actively monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our supply chain and operations; however, we are unable to accurately predict the future impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have due to various uncertainties, including the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the virus, variants of the virus, the duration of the outbreak, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, the availability and adoption of effective treatments and vaccines and changes in consumer behaviors. 
 We are currently dependent on a limited number of third party contract manufacturers for the manufacturing of most of our products, including one manufacturer for the substantial majority of our RTD protein shakes. Our business could suffer as a result of a third party contract manufacturer s inability to produce our products for us in the quantities required, on time or to our specifications. 
 All of our RTD protein shakes and most of our other products are manufactured by a limited number of independent third party contract manufacturers. For our year ended September 30, 2021, approximately 67.5 of our Premier Protein RTD shake supply came from a single manufacturer and approximately 38.3 from a single facility of that manufacturer. Although we have added additional third party contract manufacturers of our Premier Protein RTD shakes to our third party contract manufacturing network, our number of third party contract manufacturers is still limited and if one or more of our third party contract manufacturers is unable to meet our supply requirements, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are currently in litigation with a former third party contract manufacturer, which we had expected to produce less than 10 of our RTD protein shakes for our year ended September 30, 2019, that resulted in our termination of our agreement with it. Also, if we experience significant increases in demand for our products, as we did beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 and which we expect to continue into fiscal 2022, we and these third party contract manufacturers may not be able to obtain in a timely manner the equipment, ingredients (including whey protein) or packaging materials required to manufacture our products (including, in particular, the Premier Protein RTD shakes in the 11 ounce size and Dymatize powders) and allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements, fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our quality standards. Further, we may experience operational difficulties with any of these third party contract manufacturers, such as limitations on production capacity, failure to meet our quantity requirements, including as a result of pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, increases in manufacturing costs, errors in complying with product specifications, insufficient quality control and failure to meet production deadlines. In addition, we rely in part on our independent third party contract manufacturers to maintain the quality of our products. The failure or inability of our independent third party contract manufacturers to comply with the specifications and requirements of our products could result in product withdrawal or recall, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and subject us to significant liability should the consumption of any of our products cause or be claimed to cause illness or physical harm. The inability of third party contract manufacturers to ship orders in a timely manner, in desirable quantities or to meet our safety, quality and social compliance standards or regulatory requirements could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, our business could be adversely affected if any of these third parties fail to comply with governmental regulations applicable to the manufacturing of our products or if any of these third parties cease doing business with us or go out of business. 
 Certain of our relationships with these third parties are subject to minimum volume commitments, whereby the third party contract manufacturer has committed to produce, and we have committed to purchase, a minimum quantity of product, and we or the contract manufacturer may alternatively pay the other a mostly fixed amount rather than produce or purchase the minimum quantities. Despite the minimum volume commitments, we may nonetheless experience situations where such 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 manufacturers are unable to fulfill their minimum volume obligations under our agreements or cannot produce sufficient amount of product to meet consumer demand. For example, due to better than expected volume growth for our Premier Protein RTD shakes in both the second half of fiscal 2018 and, along with Dymatize powders, in the second half of fiscal 2021, each of which we expect to continue into fiscal 2022, delays in planned incremental production capacity by our third party contract manufacturer network and (in the case of Dymatize powders) whey protein availability, our customer demand exceeded our available capacity and resulted in Premier Protein RTD shakes inventory below acceptable levels at September 30, 2018 and Premier Protein RTD shakes and Dymatize powders inventories below acceptable levels at September 30, 2021. If we need to replace an existing third party contract manufacturer, our products may not be available when required on acceptable terms, or at all. Also, if demand for our products is significantly below our expectations, we may be obligated to pay penalties to our third party contract manufacturers for failing to purchase contracted minimum purchase quantities. 
 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for certain equipment, ingredients and packaging materials, the price and availability of ingredients and packaging materials, higher freight costs and higher energy costs could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We rely on a limited number of third party suppliers to provide certain equipment, ingredients and packaging materials used in our business. The primary ingredients used in our business include milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends, and one supplier provides the majority of our milk-based protein. The supply and price of these ingredients are subject to market conditions and are influenced by many factors beyond our control, including labor shortages, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, animal feed costs, weather patterns affecting ingredient production, governmental programs and regulations, insects, plant diseases and inflation. Our primary packaging materials include aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons, flexible and rigid plastic film and containers, beverage packaging and corrugate. We utilize a sole supplier for the aseptic packaging for, and our third party contract manufacturers use equipment from the same sole supplier to manufacture, our Premier Protein RTD shakes in the 11 ounce size. Although we maintain relationships with suppliers with the objective of ensuring that we have adequate sources for the supply of such ingredients and packaging materials, increases in demand for such items, both within our industry and in general, can result in shortages and higher costs. Our suppliers may not be able to meet our delivery schedules, we may lose a significant or sole supplier, a supplier may not be able to meet performance and quality specifications and we may not be able to purchase such items at a competitive cost. Further, the supply and price of these inputs are subject to market conditions and are impacted by many factors beyond our control, including labor shortages, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) and other outbreaks of contagious diseases weather conditions, natural disasters, governmental programs, regulations and trade and tariff policies, insects, plant diseases, inflation and increased demand. Our freight costs have increased and may continue to increase due to factors such as labor shortages, increased fuel costs, limited carrier availability, increased compliance costs associated with new or changing government regulations, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or other outbreaks of contagious diseases and inflation. Higher prices for natural gas, propane, electricity and fuel also may increase our ingredient, production and delivery costs. Historically, the prices of certain of our raw materials, energy and other supplies used in our business have fluctuated widely and this volatility has been heightened during the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we have experienced and expect in the future to experience shortages of certain of our raw materials, which result in us paying increased costs for such inputs and impact our ability to produce our products. 
 The prices charged for our products may not reflect changes in our input costs at the time they occur, or at all. Accordingly, changes in input costs may limit our ability to maintain existing margins and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we try to manage the impact of increases in certain of these costs by locking in prices on quantities required to meet our anticipated production requirements, if we fail, or are unable, to hedge and prices subsequently increase, or if we institute a hedge and prices subsequently decrease, our costs may be greater than anticipated or greater than our competitors costs, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 We must identify changing consumer and customer preferences and behaviors and develop and offer products to meet these preferences. 
 Consumer and customer preferences and behaviors evolve over time due to a variety of factors. The success of our business depends on our ability to identify these changing preferences and behaviors , to distinguish between short-term trends and long-term changes in such preferences and behaviors, and to continue to develop and offer products that appeal to consumers and customers through the sales channels that they prefer. Consumer preference and behavior changes include dietary trends, attention to different nutritional aspects of foods and beverages, consumer in-home and on-the-go consumption patterns, preferences for certain sales channels, concerns regarding the health effects of certain foods and beverages, attention to sourcing practices relating to ingredients, animal welfare concerns, environmental concerns regarding packaging and attention to other social and governance aspects of our Company and operations. Several of our customers have announced goals to transition to recyclable, compostable or reusable packaging. These changing preferences and requirements could require us to use specially 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 sourced ingredients and packaging types that may be more difficult to source or entail a higher cost or incremental capital investment which we may not be able to pass on to customers. 
 Consumers are increasingly shopping through eCommerce websites and mobile commerce applications, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic, and this trend is significantly altering the retail landscape in our category. If we are unable to effectively compete in the expanding eCommerce market or develop the data analytics capabilities needed to generate actionable commercial insights, our business performance may be impacted, which may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Emerging science and theories regarding health are constantly evolving, and products or methods of eating once considered healthy may over time become disfavored by consumers or no longer be perceived as healthy. Approaches regarding healthy lifestyles also are the subject of numerous studies and publications, often with differing views and opinions, some of which may be adverse to us. In order to respond to new and evolving consumer and customer demands, achieve market acceptance and keep pace with new nutritional, technological and other developments, we must constantly introduce new and innovative products into the market. We may not be successful in developing, introducing on a timely basis or marketing any new or enhanced products, and specifically, the initial sales volumes for new or enhanced products may not reach anticipated levels, we may be required to engage in extensive marketing efforts to promote such products, the costs of developing and promoting such products may exceed our expectations and such products may not perform as expected. Further, certain ingredients used in our products may become negatively perceived by consumers, resulting in decreased demand for our products or reformulation of existing products to remove such ingredients, which may negatively affect taste or other qualities. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food and beverage products could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. 
 Although we strive to respond to consumer or customer preferences and social expectations, we may not be successful in these efforts. Any significant changes in consumer or customer preferences or our inability to anticipate or react, or effectively introduce new products in response, to such changes could result in reduced demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our results may be adversely impacted if consumers do not maintain favorable perceptions of our brands. 
 Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of our brands is critical to the success of our business. Brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including our products becoming unavailable to consumers, our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, adverse publicity about our or our suppliers or third party contract manufacturers business practices, our products, packaging or ingredients, concerns about food safety, real or perceived health concerns regarding our products or consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner. Consumer demand for our products also may be impacted by changes in the level of advertising or promotional support. We may need to increase our marketing and advertising spending in order to maintain and increase customer and consumer awareness, protect and grow our existing market share or to promote new products, which could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. However, an increase in our marketing and advertising efforts may not maintain our current reputation or lead to an increase in brand awareness. Negative perceptions of the food and beverage industry as a whole, or the convenient nutrition category, may heighten attention from consumers, third parties, the media, governments, stockholders and other stakeholders to such factors and could adversely affect our brand image. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers, us and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands, products or packaging or the food and beverage industry generally on social or digital media (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to use of our social media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain favorable perceptions of our products and our brands, or if we experience a loss of consumer confidence in our brands, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 In addition, our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand image depends on our ability to anticipate change and adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online, digital and mobile dissemination of marketing and advertising campaigns and the increasing accessibility and speed of dissemination of information. Furthermore, third parties may sell counterfeit or imitation versions of our products that are inferior or pose safety risks. If consumers confuse these counterfeit products for our products or have a bad experience with the counterfeit brand, they might refrain from purchasing our brands in the future, which could harm our brand image and sales. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand health, then our brands, product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidation in our distribution channels, and competitive, economic and other pressures facing our customers, may hurt our profit margins. 
 Over the past several years, our channels have undergone significant consolidations and mass merchandisers and non-traditional retailers are gaining market share. As this trend continues and such customers grow larger, they may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing, increased reliance on their own brand name products, increased emphasis on generic and other value brands and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to respond to these requirements, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if any of our customers are consolidated with another entity and the surviving entity of any such consolidation is not a customer or decides to discontinue purchasing our products, we may lose significant amounts of our preexisting business with the acquired customer. Further, the economic and competitive landscape for our customers is constantly changing, such as the emergence of new sales channels like eCommerce, and our customers responses to those changes could impact our business. Consolidation in our channels also increases the risk that adverse changes to our customers business operations or financial performance, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our sales and profit growth are dependent upon our ability to expand existing market penetration and enter into new markets. 
 Successful growth depends on our ability to add new customers, enter into new markets, expand the number of products sold through existing customers and enhance our product portfolio . This growth would include expanding the number of our products retailers offer for sale, our product placement and our ability to secure additional shelf or retail space for our products, as well as increased access to online platforms to sell our products. The expansion of our business depends on our ability to obtain new, or expand our business with existing, customers, such as club, FDM, eCommerce, convenience and specialty customers. Our failure to successfully add new customers, enter into new markets, expand the number of products sold through existing customers and enhance our product portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If our products become contaminated or adulterated, or if they are misbranded or mislabeled, we might need to recall or withdraw those items and we may experience product liability claims. 
 Selling food products, beverages and nutritional supplements involves a number of legal and other risks, including contamination, spoilage, degradation, tampering, mislabeling or other adulteration. Additionally, many of the raw materials used to make certain of our products, particularly milk-based protein and nuts, are vulnerable to spoilage and contamination by naturally occurring molds and pathogens, such as salmonella, and pests. These pathogens may survive in our products as a result of improper handling by customers or consumers. We do not have control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. We may need to recall or withdraw some or all of our products if they become damaged, contaminated, adulterated, mislabeled or misbranded, whether caused by us or someone in our manufacturing or supply chain. A recall or withdrawal could result in destruction of product ingredients and inventory, negative publicity, temporary plant closings for us or our third party contract manufacturers, supply chain interruption, substantial costs of compliance or remediation, fines and increased scrutiny by federal, state and foreign regulatory agencies. New scientific discoveries regarding microbes and food manufacturing may bring additional risks and latent liability. Should consumption of any product cause injury, we may be liable for monetary damages as a result of a judgment against us. In addition, adverse publicity, including claims, whether or not valid, that our products or ingredients are unsafe or of poor quality, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. Although we have various insurance programs in place and may have rights to indemnification in certain situations, any of these events or a loss of consumer confidence could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Loss of, a significant reduction of purchases by or bankruptcy of a major customer may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 A limited number of customer accounts represents a large percentage of our combined net sales. Our largest customers, Costco and Walmart and its affiliates (which includes Sam s Club), accounted for approximately 65.3 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2021. 
 The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain our level of sales and product distribution through the club, FDM, eCommerce, specialty and convenience channels. The competition to supply products to these high-volume stores is intense. Currently, we do not have material long-term supply agreements with our customers, and our customers frequently reevaluate the products they carry. A decision by our major customers to decrease the amount of product purchased from us, including in response to shifts in consumer purchasing or traffic trends attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, sell another brand on an exclusive or priority basis or change the manner of doing business with us could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our customers also may offer branded and private label products that compete directly with our products for retail shelf space and consumer 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 purchases. Accordingly, there is a risk that our customers may give higher priority to their own products or to the products of our competitors. In the event of a loss of any of our large customers, a significant reduction of purchases by any of our large customers or the bankruptcy or serious financial difficulty of any of our large customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to effectively manage our growth, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our growth has placed, and we expect that our continued growth may place, a significant demand on our management, personnel, systems and resources. Our continued growth will require an increased investment by us in our third party manufacturing relationships, personnel, technology, facilities and financial and management systems and controls, including monitoring and assuring our compliance with applicable regulations. We will need to integrate, train and manage a growing employee base. Unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with this growth, our operating margins and profitability will be adversely affected. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially harmed. 
 Fluctuations in our business due to changes in our promotional activities and seasonality may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We periodically offer a variety of sales and promotional incentives to our customers and consumers. Our net sales and profitability are impacted by the introduction and discontinuance of such sales and promotion incentives. In addition, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations due to the seasonal nature of our business. Seasonality could cause our results of operations for an interim financial period to fluctuate and not be indicative of our full year results. Seasonality also impacts relative revenue and profitability of each quarter of the year, both on a quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year basis. If we fail to effectively manage our inventories, fluctuations in business as a result of promotional activities and seasonality may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our international operations subject us to additional risks. 
 We are subject to a number of risks related to doing business internationally, any of which could significantly harm our financial and operational performance. These risks include: 
 restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries, including potentially negative tax consequences; 
 unfavorable changes in tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or other export or import restrictions; 
 unfavorable changes in local regulatory requirements that impact our ability to sell our products in that country; 
 unfavorable foreign exchange controls and currency exchange rates, including those that may occur as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 challenges associated with cross-border product distribution, including those that have been caused or may in the future be caused by the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 an outbreak of a contagious disease, such as COVID-19, which may cause us or our distributors, third party contract manufacturers, vendors or customers to temporarily suspend our or their respective operations in the affected city or country; 
 increased exposure to general market and economic conditions, political and economic uncertainty and volatility and other events, including social unrest, government shutdowns, terrorist activity, acts of war and travel restrictions, outside of the U.S.; 
 compliance with U.S. laws and regulations affecting operations outside of the U.S., including anti-corruption regulations (such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), and changes to such laws and regulations; 
 compliance with treaties, antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws (including the E.U. s General Data Protection Regulation), anti-corruption laws (including the U.K. Bribery Act), food safety and marketing laws and other regulatory requirements and a variety of other local, national and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple jurisdictions and changes to such laws and regulations; 
 unfavorable changes in foreign tax treaties and policies, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws or their interpretations or tax audit implications; 
 the difficulty and costs of maintaining effective data security; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 the potential difficulty of enforcing intellectual property and contractual rights; 
 increased risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; 
 unfavorable changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing our operations; and 
 the difficulty and costs of designing and implementing an effective control environment across geographic regions. 
 Our financial performance on a U.S. dollar denominated basis is subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Because we have operations and assets in foreign jurisdictions, as well as a portion of our contracts and revenues denominated in foreign currencies, and our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Consequently, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements. Our principal currency exposures are to the Canadian dollar and the Euro. To the extent we fail to manage our foreign currency exposure adequately, we may suffer losses in value of our net foreign currency investment, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected. 
 Our market size and related estimates may prove to be inaccurate. 
 Data for the convenient nutrition category is collected for most, but not all, channels, and as a result, it is difficult to estimate the size of the market and predict the rate at which the market for our products will grow. We estimate the market size of the convenient nutrition category, including by geography, product form and consumer need state, based, in part, upon forecasts and information obtained from independent trade associations, industry publications and surveys and other independent sources, proprietary research studies and management s knowledge of the industry. While these estimates are made in good faith and are based on assumptions and estimates we believe to be reasonable, they may not be accurate. 
 Our intellectual property rights are valuable and any inability to protect them, or termination of our material intellectual property licenses, could reduce the value of our products and brands and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, know-how and copyrights, to be a significant and valuable asset of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as third party nondisclosure, confidentiality and assignment agreements and confidentiality provisions in third party agreements and the policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure or inability to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. We also are subject to risks associated with protection of our trademarks and other intellectual property licensed to distributors of our products and of our trade secrets to our third party contract manufacturers. If our licensed distributors or third party contract manufacturers fail to protect our trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property, either intentionally or unintentionally, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 We market certain of our products pursuant to intellectual property license agreements. These licenses give us the right to use certain names, characters and logos in connection with our products and to sell the products. If we were to breach any material term of these license agreements and not timely cure the breach, the licensor could terminate the agreement. If the licensor were to terminate our rights to use the names, characters and logos for this reason or any other reason, or if a licensor decided not to renew a license agreement upon the expiration of the license term, the loss of such rights could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Technology failures, cybersecurity incidents and corruption of our data privacy protections could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store operating and financial information, to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We also depend upon our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our locations, personnel, customers, third party contract manufacturers and suppliers. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the importance of such networks and systems increased while many of our employees were working remotely. Our and our third party manufacturing and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and control costs. Our and our third party vendors information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of invasions, interruptions or malfunctions due to events beyond our or their control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, power outages, computer viruses, ransomware and malware, hardware or software failures, cybersecurity incidents, hackers and other causes. Such invasions, interruptions or malfunctions could negatively impact our business. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure and to maintain and protect the related automated and manual control processes, or if one of our third party service providers fails to provide the services we require, we could be subject to billing and collection errors, business disruptions or damage resulting from such events, particularly material security breaches and cybersecurity incidents. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals (including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored institutions, terrorist organizations and individuals or groups participating in organized crime) with a wide range of expertise and motives (including monetization of corporate, payment or other internal or personal data, theft of trade secrets and intellectual property for competitive advantage and leverage for political, social, economic and environmental reasons). 
 If any of our significant information technology systems suffers severe damage, disruption or shutdown, including by malicious or unintentional actions of contractors or employees or by cyber attacks, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. In addition, there is a risk of business interruption, litigation and reputational damage from leaks of confidential or personal information. While we have insurance programs in place related to these matters, the potential liabilities associated with such events, or those that could arise in the future, could be excluded from coverage or, if covered, could exceed the coverage provided by such programs. Although we have not detected a material security breach or cybersecurity incident to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue. 
 We also are subject to an evolving body of federal, state and foreign laws, regulations, guidelines and principles regarding data privacy, data protection and data security. Several states as well as foreign governments have laws and regulations dealing with the collection and use of personal information obtained from their data subjects, including the General Data Protection Regulation, the E.U. s retained version of General Data Protection Regulation and the California Privacy Rights Act, and we could incur substantial penalties or litigation related to violations of such laws and regulations. 
 Climate change, or legal or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business, reputation and operations. 
 There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. If any of these climate changes has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends. In addition, increases in the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters may result in damage and disruptions to our manufacturing operations and distribution channels or our third party contract manufacturers operations, particularly where a product is primarily sourced from a single location. Also, the impacts of these climate changes may cause unpredictable water availability or exacerbate water scarcity. Water is critical to our business, and the lack of available water of acceptable quality may lead to, among other things, adverse effects on our operations. The increasing concern over climate change and related environmental sustainability matters also may result in more federal, state, local and foreign legal requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases or conserve and replenish water. If such laws are enacted, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. Further, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to effectively address increased concerns from the media, stockholders and other stakeholders on climate change and related environmental sustainability and governance matters. In addition, any failure to achieve goals we may set with respect to reducing our impact on the environment or perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment can lead to adverse publicity, which could damage our reputation. As a result, climate change could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If we pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 
 From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions or other strategic transactions. Evaluating potential transactions, including divestitures, requires additional expenditures (including legal, accounting and due diligence expenses, higher administrative costs to support the acquired entities and information technology, personnel and other integration expenses) and may divert the attention of our management from day-to-day operating matters. Companies or operations we acquire or joint ventures we enter into may not be profitable or may not achieve the anticipated profitability that justify our investments. 
 With respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us or achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges. The successful integration of acquisitions is complex and depends on our ability to manage the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses. Potential difficulties we may encounter as part of the integration process include, but are not limited to, the following: employees may voluntarily or involuntarily separate from employment with us or the acquired businesses because of the acquisitions; our management may have its attention diverted while trying to integrate the acquired businesses; we may encounter obstacles 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 when incorporating the acquired businesses into our operations and management; we may be required to recognize impairment charges; and integration may be more costly or more time consuming and complex or less effective than anticipated. With respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. 
 Our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks and may have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions also could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses, all of which could, individually or collectively, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Financial and Economic Risks 
 We have substantial debt and high leverage, which could have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position and which could adversely affect our business. 
 We have a significant amount of debt. As of September 30, 2021, we had 609.9 million in aggregate principal amount of total debt. Additionally, our secured revolving credit facility has a remaining borrowing capacity of 200.0 million as of September 30, 2021 (all of which would be secured when drawn). 
 Our overall leverage and the terms of our financing arrangements could: 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, particularly if any ratings assigned to our debt securities by ratings organizations were revised downward; 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy the terms of our obligations under the terms of our financing arrangements; 
 limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all; 
 limit our flexibility to plan for and to adjust to changing business and market conditions in the industries in which we operate and increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future investments, capital expenditures, working capital, business activities and other general corporate requirements; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions; and 
 subject us to higher levels of indebtedness than our competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce our flexibility in responding to increased competition. 
 Our ability to meet expenses and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, including the impact of pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, potential changes in consumer and customer preferences and behaviors, the success of product and marketing innovation and pressure from competitors. If we do not generate enough cash to pay our debt service obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or issue additional equity. 
 Despite our level of indebtedness, we may be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks related to our debt leverage, and we may in any event be required to maintain a minimum level of indebtedness. 
 We may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the financing arrangements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness that may be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also may not prevent us from incurring certain obligations that may not constitute indebtedness under the documents governing our indebtedness. 
 In order to preserve its intended tax treatment in connection with the formation transactions that were undertaken as part of our IPO, we expect that, so long as Post has the ability to control us, Post will require that BellRing LLC maintain a minimum level of outstanding indebtedness equal to approximately 500.0 million, which takes into consideration the estimated amount of undistributed taxable income of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries allocable to Post for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. See Post controls our Company and has the ability to control the direction of our business and Post s interests may conflict with our interests and the interests of our other stockholders. Conflicts of interest or disputes between Post and our Company could be resolved in a manner unfavorable to our Company and our other stockholders. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The agreements governing our debt contain various covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions and also require us to meet financial maintenance tests, and failure to comply with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our financing arrangements contain restrictions, covenants and events of default that, among other things, require us to satisfy certain financial tests and maintain certain financial ratios and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and to refinance our existing indebtedness. Financing arrangements which we enter into in the future could contain similar restrictions and additionally could require us to comply with similar, new or additional financial tests or to maintain similar, new or additional financial ratios. The terms of our financing arrangements, financing arrangements which we enter into in the future and any future indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could limit our ability to respond to market conditions, provide for capital investment needs or take advantage of business opportunities by limiting the amount of additional borrowings we may incur. These restrictions include compliance with, or maintenance of, certain financial tests and ratios and may limit or prohibit our ability to, among other things: borrow money or guarantee debt; create liens; pay dividends on or redeem or repurchase stock or other securities; make investments and acquisitions; enter into, or permit to exist, contractual limits on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us; enter into new lines of business; enter into transactions with affiliates; and sell assets or merge with other companies. 
 Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control, including the impact of pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, could affect our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants. Failure to comply with any of the restrictions and covenants in our existing or future financing arrangements could result in a default under those arrangements and under other arrangements that may contain cross-default provisions. Our credit agreement contains customary financial covenants, including a covenant requiring BellRing LLC to maintain a total net leverage ratio (as defined in our credit agreement) not to exceed 6.00:1.00, as measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these arrangements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing. 
 To service indebtedness and fund other cash needs, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations. 
 BellRing LLC s ability to pay principal and interest on its debt obligations and to fund any planned capital expenditures and other cash needs will depend in part upon the future financial and operating performance of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries. Prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the impact of pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, will affect BellRing LLC s ability to make these payments. 
 If BellRing LLC is unable to make payments or we are unable to refinance our debt or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we may consider other options, including: sales of assets; sales of equity; reductions or delays of capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances; or negotiations with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. 
 Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient, to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Increases in interest rates may negatively affect our earnings. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the aggregate principal amount of our debt instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was 609.9 million. As a result, higher interest rates will increase the cost of servicing our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. As of September 30, 2021, each one hundred basis points change in the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR rates would result in an approximate 3.0 million change in the annual cash interest expense, before any principal payment, on our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk, including the impact of the 350.0 million in interest rate swap agreements and excluding the impact of any interest rate floors (as defined in our credit agreement). 
 The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021; in March 2021, the FCA extended the transition dates of certain LIBOR tenors (including tenors used in BellRing LLC s credit agreement) to June 30, 2023, after which the LIBOR reference rates will cease to be provided. Certain of our variable rate debt use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing interest rates. In addition, certain hedging transactions reference LIBOR as a benchmark rate in order to determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount. While BellRing LLC s credit agreement contains provisions intended to address the anticipated unavailability of LIBOR, it is unclear if alternative rates or benchmarks 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 will be widely adopted. In the event LIBOR is discontinued, replaced or significantly changed, or ceases to be recognized as an acceptable benchmark, there may be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instrument. This could result in different financial performance for existing transactions, require different hedging strategies and require renegotiation for existing instruments. In addition, the transition from LIBOR could have a significant impact on the overall interest rate environment. While we do not expect the transition from LIBOR and the risks thereto to have a material adverse effect on us, it remains uncertain at this time. 
 Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets could be adversely affected by a downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings. 
 Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based upon a number of factors, including our cash generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to shareholder distributions and financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as the then-current state of the economy and our industry generally. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, whether as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, can increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all and result in a reduction in our liquidity. Our borrowing costs and access to capital markets also can be adversely affected if a credit rating agency announces that our ratings are under review for a potential downgrade. An increase in our borrowing costs, limitations on our ability to access the global capital and credit markets or a reduction in our liquidity can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could limit consumer and customer demand for our products or otherwise adversely affect us. 
 The willingness of consumers to purchase our products depends in part on general or local economic conditions and consumers discretionary spending habits. In periods of adverse or uncertain economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, consumers may purchase less of our products, purchase more value or private label products or may forgo certain purchases altogether. In addition, our customers may seek to reduce their inventories in response to those economic conditions. In those circumstances, we could experience a reduction in sales. Further, during economic downturns, it may be more difficult to convince consumers to switch to, or continue to use, our brands or convince new users to choose our brands without expensive sampling programs and price promotions. Also, as a result of economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be unable to raise our prices sufficiently to protect profit margins. Further, uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, has and could continue to negatively impact the financial stability of our customers or suppliers, which could lead to increased uncollectible receivables or non-performance. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 U.S. and global capital and credit market issues, including those that have arisen as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could negatively affect our liquidity, increase our costs of borrowing and disrupt the operations of our suppliers and customers. 
 U.S. and global credit markets have, from time to time, experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions which caused the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances materially impacted liquidity in the debt markets, making financing terms for borrowers less attractive and in certain cases resulted in the unavailability of certain types of debt financing. During the COVID-19 pandemic, there have been periods, and there may in the future be periods, of increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets. This and other events affecting the credit markets also have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on other financial markets in the U.S., which may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of common stock or other equity securities or refinance our existing debt, sell our assets or borrow money, if necessary. Our business also could be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the general economy, whether resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise. Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business or increase our interest expense, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Impairment in the carrying value of intangible assets could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we will be required to record additional impairment charges, which may be significant. 
 Our balance sheet includes intangible assets, including goodwill, trademarks, trade names and other acquired intangibles. Goodwill is expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows and is not amortized. Our management reviews it for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value may be impaired. Impairments to intangible assets may be caused by factors outside of our control, such as increasing competitive pricing pressures, lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates, changes in industry earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 and amortization EBITDA and revenue multiples, changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital (interest rates, etc.) or the loss or bankruptcy of a significant customer. These factors, along with other internal and external factors, could have a significant negative impact on our fair value determination, which could then result in a material impairment charge in our results of operations. No impairments were recorded in the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. However, we could have impairments in the future. 
 Unsuccessful implementation of business strategies to reduce costs, or unintended consequences of the implementation of such strategies, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Many of our costs, such as freight, raw materials and energy, are outside of our control. Therefore, we must seek to reduce costs in other areas, such as through operating efficiency. If we are not able to complete projects designed to reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget, or if the implementation of these projects results in unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees or reduced productivity, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted. In addition, if the cost-saving initiatives we have implemented, or any future cost-saving initiatives, do not generate the expected cost savings and synergies, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationship with Post 
 The proposed distribution by Post of a significant portion of its ownership interest in our Company is subject to various conditions and may not occur. 
 On October 26, 2021, BellRing Inc. and Post entered into the Transaction Agreement with respect to the Post Distribution Transaction, pursuant to which Post will, on the terms and subject to the conditions therein, distribute a significant portion of its ownership interest in our Company. Immediately following the Distribution and Merger, it is expected that Post will own no more than 14.2 of the New BellRing common stock and Post shareholders will own at least 57.0 of the New BellRing common stock. Legacy holders of our Class A Common Stock will own approximately 28.8 of the New BellRing common stock, maintaining their current effective ownership interest in our business. See Business-Our Organizational Structure in Item 1 of this report for more information regarding the Post Distribution Transaction. 
 The obligations of our Company and Post to complete the Post Distribution Transaction are subject to a number of conditions, including, among other things: (a) the approval of the holders of (i) a majority in voting power of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of BellRing and (ii) a majority in voting power of the then-outstanding shares that are not owned, directly or indirectly, by Post, New BellRing or any of their respective affiliates; (b) the absence of any law or order from any court or governmental authority restraining, enjoining or prohibiting the Post Distribution Transaction, (c) receipt of opinions with respect to the intended tax treatment of the Merger, (d) the applicable registration statements of New BellRing having become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and (e) the shares of New BellRing common stock to be distributed in the Distribution and issued in the Merger having been approved for listing on the NYSE. No assurance can be given that any of the foregoing conditions or the other conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement will be met. 
 We may not be able to complete the proposed Post Distribution Transaction on the terms described above or on other acceptable terms or at all because of a number of factors, including, among other things: (a) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Transaction Agreement, (b) the failure to obtain adequate financing sources for the New BellRing indebtedness to be issued to Post and to be used to fund the cash portion of the merger consideration payable to our stockholders other than Post and its affiliates, and (c) any other failure of us and Post to meet the conditions described above or other conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement. 
 If the Post Distribution Transaction is consummated, we will be subject to a variety of risks. 
 If the Post Distribution Transaction is consummated, we will be subject to the following risks, among others: 
 we expect New BellRing to incur significant indebtedness in connection with the Post Distribution Transaction. After giving effect to the Distribution and the Merger, New BellRing will have pro forma net leverage of up to 4.0x; 
 the Post Distribution Transaction will require significant amounts of time and effort which could divert management s attention from the operation and growth of our business and other strategic endeavors; 
 we will be required to bear a number of non-recurring costs in connection with the Post Distribution Transaction, including financial, legal and other advisory fees, financing fees, SEC filing fees and expenses, printing expenses and other related charges; and 
 after a certain period following the consummation of the Post Distribution Transaction, we will no longer benefit from certain services provided by Post to us under a master services agreement, including certain legal, finance, internal audit, treasury, information technology, support, human resources, insurance and tax services. As a result, our costs 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 and expenses related to such support functions may increase following the consummation of the Post Distribution Transaction. 
 In addition, following the completion of the Post Distribution Transaction, the anticipated operational, financial, strategic and other benefits of such transaction to the Company and our stockholders may not be achieved. An inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the Post Distribution Transaction, as well as any delays encountered in the process, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and also may negatively affect our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy. 
 Post controls our Company and has the ability to control the direction of our business. 
 Post owns the share of our Class B Common Stock, which, for so long as Post or its affiliates (other than us) directly own more than 50 of the BellRing LLC units, represents 67 of the total voting power of both classes of our outstanding common stock. 
 As long as Post or its affiliates (other than us) owns more than 50 of the BellRing LLC units, it will be able to control nearly all corporate actions that require a stockholder vote, regardless of the vote of any other stockholder. As a result, Post has the ability to control significant matters involving us, including: 
 the election and removal of our directors; 
 determinations with respect to mergers, business combinations, dispositions of assets or other extraordinary corporate transactions; 
 certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; 
 changes in capital structure, including the level of indebtedness; 
 the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock available for issuance under our equity incentive plans for our prospective and existing employees; and 
 agreements that may adversely affect us. 
 Alternatively, if Post does not provide any requisite affirmative vote on matters requiring stockholder approval allowing us to take particular actions when requested, we will not be able to take such actions, and as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Even if Post owns 50 or less of the BellRing LLC units, Post will have the ability to substantially influence these matters for as long as it owns a significant portion of the voting power. 
 The interests of Post may differ from our interests or those of our other stockholders and the concentration of control in Post will limit other stockholders ability to influence corporate matters. The concentration of ownership and voting power with Post also may delay, defer or prevent an acquisition by a third party or other change of control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of Post, even if such events are in the best interests of our other stockholders. The concentration of voting power with Post may have an adverse effect on the price of our Class A Common Stock. Our Company may take actions that our other stockholders do not view as beneficial, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may cause the value of an investment in us to decline. 
 If the Post Distribution Transaction is consummated, following such transaction, Post will no longer own more than 50 of the BellRing LLC units or a majority voting interest in our Company. 
 Post s interests may conflict with our interests and the interests of our other stockholders. Conflicts of interest or disputes between Post and our Company could be resolved in a manner unfavorable to our Company and our other stockholders. 
 Post could have interests that differ from, or conflict with, the interests of our other stockholders and could cause us to take certain actions even if the actions are not favorable to us or our other stockholders or are opposed by our other stockholders. If Post is acquired or otherwise experiences a change in control, any acquirer or successor will be entitled to exercise Post s voting control with respect to us. Post, if it has redeemed BellRing LLC units for shares of our Class A Common Stock, generally has the right at any time to sell or otherwise dispose of the shares of our Class A Common Stock that it owns, including the ability to transfer a controlling interest in us to a third party, without the approval of any other stockholder and without providing for a purchase of any other stockholder s shares of Class A Common Stock. Post and its affiliates may also directly transfer their BellRing LLC units to third parties without the consent or approval of the Board of Managers of BellRing LLC or any other party, and in connection with such transfers, subject to certain exceptions, must either grant a written proxy to, or enter into a written voting agreement or other voting arrangement with, such transferee, which provides for the right of such transferee to direct Post or its applicable affiliate, as the holder of the share of our Class B Common Stock, to cast a 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 number of votes to which such share of Class B Common Stock is entitled on all matters in which our stockholders generally are entitled to vote equal to the number of BellRing LLC units held by such third party in the event that Post or its applicable affiliate, as the holder of the share of our Class B Common Stock, holds in the aggregate 50 or less of the BellRing LLC units. 
 Potential conflicts of interest or disputes may arise between Post and us in a number of areas relating to our past or ongoing relationships, including: 
 the Transaction Agreement and the Post Distribution Transaction; 
 tax, employee benefits, indemnification and other matters arising from our IPO; 
 employee retention and recruiting; 
 the nature, quality and pricing of services Post has agreed to provide to us; 
 business opportunities that may be attractive to both Post and us; 
 sales or other disposals by Post of all or a portion of its ownership in BellRing LLC; and 
 any new commercial arrangements between Post and us in the future. 
 See also potential conflicts described in Our organizational structure confers certain benefits upon Post and certain of its successors and assigns that may not benefit our Class A common stockholders to the same extent, and that could result in determinations harmful to the interests of such stockholders. 
 The resolution of any potential conflicts or disputes between Post and us may be less favorable to us than the resolution we might achieve if we were dealing with an unaffiliated third party. 
 The various ancillary agreements that we entered into with Post in connection with our IPO are of varying durations and may be amended upon agreement of the parties. The terms of these agreements were primarily determined by Post, and, therefore, may not be representative of the terms we could have obtained on a standalone basis or in negotiations with an unaffiliated third party. For as long as we are controlled by Post, we may not be able to negotiate renewals or amendments to these agreements, if required, on terms as favorable to us as those we would be able to negotiate with an unaffiliated third party. 
 Our Company has overlapping directors and management with Post, which may lead to conflicting interests or the appearance of conflicting interests. 
 Certain of our officers and directors also serve as officers or directors of Post. Our officers and members of our Board of Directors have fiduciary duties to our stockholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve in similar capacities at Post have fiduciary duties to Post s shareholders. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting us and Post. In addition, some of our officers or members of our Board of Directors may own equity or options to purchase equity in Post. Such ownership interests may create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest when the applicable individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for us and Post. The appearance of conflicts of interest created by such overlapping relationships also could impair the confidence of our investors. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation could prevent us from benefiting from corporate opportunities that might otherwise have been available to us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes certain provisions regulating and defining the conduct of our affairs to the extent that they may involve Post and its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates (except that we are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for purposes of these provisions) and our rights, powers, duties and liabilities and those of our directors, officers, managers, employees and agents in connection with our relationship with Post. In general, and except as may be set forth in any agreement between us and Post, these provisions provide that Post and its affiliates may carry on and conduct any business of any kind, nature or description, whether or not such business is competitive with or in the same or similar lines of business as us; Post and its affiliates may do business with any of our customers, vendors and lessors; and Post and its affiliates may make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments. In addition, these provisions provide that we renounce any interest or expectancy to participate in any business of Post or its affiliates. 
 Moreover, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interests or expectancy in corporate opportunities which become known to (i) any of our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents who also are directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates (except that we and our subsidiaries are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for the purposes of the provision) or (ii) Post or its affiliates. Generally, neither Post nor our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents who also are directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates will be liable to us or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that any such 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 person pursues or acquires any corporate opportunity for the account of Post or its affiliates, directs, recommends or transfers such corporate opportunity to Post or its affiliates or does not offer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to us because such person has directed or intends to direct such opportunity to Post or one of its affiliates. This renunciation does not extend to corporate opportunities expressly offered to one of our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents, solely in his or her capacity as a director, officer, manager, employee or agent of us. 
 These provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will cease to apply at such time as (i) we and Post and its affiliates are no longer affiliates of one another and (ii) none of the directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post serve as our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents. The corporate opportunity provision may exacerbate conflicts of interest between Post and us because the provision effectively permits one of our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents who also serves as a director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of Post or its affiliates to choose to direct a corporate opportunity to Post or its affiliates instead of to us. 
 We may be unable to take certain actions because such actions could jeopardize the tax-free status of the Post Distribution Transaction, and such restrictions could be significant. 
 To preserve the tax-free treatment of the Post Distribution Transaction, for the initial two-year period following the Post Distribution Transaction, we are prohibited, except in limited circumstances, from taking or failing to take certain actions that would prevent the spin-off and related transactions from being tax-free, including: (1) issuing any equity securities or securities that could possibly be converted into our equity securities, including as acquisition currency for a merger or acquisition (but excluding certain equity compensation for employees); (2) redeeming or repurchasing our equity securities or New BellRing debt or (3) entering into any transaction pursuant to which our stock would be acquired, whether by merger or otherwise. These restrictions will not apply if we deliver an unqualified will -level tax opinion of a nationally recognized accounting firm or law firm BellRing Tax Counsel that the action will not cause the Post Distribution Transaction to be taxable. 
 If the Post Distribution Transaction is consummated, we may be responsible for U.S. federal income tax liabilities that relate to the Post Distribution Transaction. 
 The completion of the Post Distribution Transaction is conditioned on the receipt by Post of an opinion of a nationally recognized accounting firm or law firm spin-off Tax Counsel and, together with BellRing Tax Counsel, Tax Counsel to the effect that the Separation should qualify as tax-free under Sections 368(a) and 355 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and the Distribution should qualify as a tax-free distribution under Sections 355 and 361 of the Code. The completion of the Post Distribution Transaction is also conditioned on the receipt by us of an opinion of BellRing Tax Counsel to the effect that the Merger will qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 368(a) of the Code. An opinion of Tax Counsel is not binding on the IRS. Accordingly, the IRS may reach conclusions with respect to the Post Distribution Transaction that are different from the conclusions reached in the opinions. The opinions will be based on certain factual statements and representations, which, if incomplete or untrue in any material respect, could alter Tax Counsel s conclusions. We are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause any such factual statements or the opinion of Tax Counsel to be incomplete or untrue. 
 If all or a portion of the Post Distribution Transaction does not qualify as a tax-free transaction for any reason, including because any of the factual statements or representations in the legal opinions are incomplete or untrue, Post may recognize a substantial gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Even if the spin-off otherwise qualifies as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the distribution will be taxable to Post (but not to Post stockholders) pursuant to Section 355(e) of the Code if there are (or have been) one or more acquisitions (including issuances) of our stock or the stock of Post, representing 50 percent or more, measured by vote or value, of the stock of any such corporation and the acquisition or acquisitions are deemed to be part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the Distribution. Any acquisition of our common stock within two years before or after the Distribution (with exceptions, including public trading by less-than-5 percent stockholders and certain compensatory stock issuances) generally will be presumed to be part of such a plan unless that presumption is rebutted. The resulting tax liability would be substantial. 
 We have agreed not to enter into certain transactions that could cause any portion of the Post Distribution Transaction to be taxable to Post, including under Section 355(e) of the Code. Pursuant to a tax matters agreement with Post, we have also agreed to indemnify Post for any tax liabilities resulting from such transactions or other actions we take, and Post has agreed to indemnify us for any tax liabilities resulting from transactions entered into by Post. These obligations may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our Company. 
 Our agreements with Post require us to indemnify Post for certain tax liabilities. 
 In connection with our IPO, BellRing Inc. and BellRing LLC entered into a tax matters agreement with Post. Under the tax matters agreement, Post is responsible for all taxes for Post s historical active nutrition business which relate to pre-IPO periods, and BellRing LLC generally is responsible for (i) all taxes imposed with respect to any consolidated, combined or 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 unitary tax return of Post or any of its subsidiaries that includes BellRing LLC or any of its subsidiaries to the extent such taxes relate to post-IPO periods and are attributable to BellRing LLC or any of its subsidiaries, as determined under the tax matters agreement, and (ii) all taxes that relate to post-IPO periods imposed with respect to any consolidated, combined, unitary or separate tax returns of BellRing LLC or any of its subsidiaries, as determined under the tax matters agreement. To the extent Post fails to pay taxes imposed with respect to any consolidated, combined or unitary tax return of Post or any of its subsidiaries that includes BellRing Inc. or any of its subsidiaries, the relevant taxing authority could seek to collect such taxes (including taxes for which Post is responsible under the tax matters agreement) from BellRing Inc. or its subsidiaries. 
 The tax receivable agreement with Post and BellRing LLC requires us to make cash payments to Post for certain tax benefits we may realize in the future, and these payments could be substantial. 
 Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) may redeem BellRing LLC units for, at the option of BellRing LLC (as determined by its Board of Managers), shares of our Class A Common Stock or cash pursuant to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of BellRing LLC (the BellRing LLC Agreement ). These redemptions, the formation transactions that were undertaken in connection with our IPO and certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing LLC to Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) or deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) to BellRing Inc. or BellRing LLC of BellRing LLC units or assets, may result in increases in our pro rata share of the tax basis of BellRing LLC s assets that otherwise would not have been available. Such increases in tax basis are likely to increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization deductions allocable to us and therefore reduce the amount of income tax attributable to BellRing LLC s operations we would otherwise be required to pay in the future and also may decrease gain (or increase loss) otherwise allocable to us from BellRing LLC on future dispositions of certain of BellRing LLC s assets to the extent the increased tax basis is allocated to those assets. Furthermore, under Section 704(c) of the Code, we will be entitled to certain tax benefits generated by the pre-existing, contributed tax basis in BellRing LLC s assets in excess of our pro rata share of such basis at the time of the partnership s formation. The Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may challenge all or part of these tax basis increases and tax benefits and no assurances can be made regarding the availability of these tax basis increases or other tax benefits. 
 In connection with our IPO, BellRing Inc. entered into the tax receivable agreement with Post and BellRing LLC. Under the tax receivable agreement, BellRing Inc. is required to make cash payments to Post (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) equal to 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal income tax, as well as state and local income tax and franchise tax (using an assumed tax rate on a base equal to the U.S. federal taxable income of BellRing Inc.), that we realize (or, in some circumstances, we are deemed to realize) as a result of (a) the increase in the tax basis of the assets of BellRing LLC attributable to (i) the redemption of BellRing LLC units by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) pursuant to the BellRing LLC Agreement, (ii) deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) of BellRing LLC units or assets to BellRing Inc. or BellRing LLC, (iii) certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing LLC to Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) and (iv) certain formation transactions that were undertaken in connection with our IPO, (b) disproportionate allocations of tax benefits to BellRing Inc. as a result of Section 704(c) of the Code and (c) certain tax benefits (e.g., imputed interest, basis adjustments, deductions, etc.) attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Any payments made by us under the tax receivable agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the tax receivable agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fund or finance our obligations under the tax receivable agreement. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the tax receivable agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are subject of the tax receivable agreement. Actual tax benefits realized by us may differ from the tax benefits calculated pursuant to the terms of the tax receivable agreement, including as a result of the use of certain assumptions in the tax receivable agreement, including the use of an assumed state and local income tax rate on a base equal to the U.S. federal taxable income of BellRing Inc. to calculate tax benefits. Payments under the tax receivable agreement are not conditioned on Post s continued ownership of BellRing LLC units or our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. The payment obligation is a payment obligation of BellRing Inc. and not of BellRing LLC. 
 Post (or its transferees or assignees) may determine to redeem any or all of its BellRing LLC units in its sole discretion and, in such event, the actual increase in tax basis and the amount and timing of any payments under the tax receivable agreement will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of any future redemptions, the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock at the time of the redemption, the nature of the assets owned by BellRing LLC at the time of the redemption, the extent to which such redemptions are taxable, the tax rates then applicable and the amount and timing of our income. 
 We will not be reimbursed for any payments made to Post under the tax receivable agreement in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. 
 Payments under the tax receivable agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and the IRS or another tax authority may challenge all or part of the tax basis increases, as well as other related tax positions we take, and a 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 court could sustain any such challenge. Post (and its transferees and assignees) will not reimburse us for any payments that may previously have been made under the tax receivable agreement even if the IRS or another tax authority subsequently disallows the tax basis increase or any other relevant tax item. Instead, any excess cash payments made by us to Post (or its transferees or assignees) will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the tax receivable agreement. However, we might not determine that we have effectively made an excess cash payment to Post (or its transferees or assignees) for a number of years following the initial time of such payment. As a result, in certain circumstances, we could make payments to Post under the tax receivable agreement in excess of our cash tax savings and become aware of that fact only at a time when there are no further payments against which to offset that excess amount. 
 In certain cases, future payments under the tax receivable agreement to Post may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement. 
 The tax receivable agreement provides that, upon a merger, asset sale or other form of business combination or certain other changes of control or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of the tax receivable agreement or materially breach any of our material obligations under the tax receivable agreement, our (or our successor s) future obligations under the tax receivable agreement would accelerate and become due and payable based on certain assumptions, including that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the tax receivable agreement, and that, as of the effective date of the acceleration, any BellRing LLC units that Post (or its transferees or assignees) has not yet redeemed will be deemed to have been redeemed by Post (and its transferees and assignees) for an amount based on the closing trading price of our Class A Common Stock at the time of termination, even if we do not receive the corresponding tax benefits until a later date when the BellRing LLC units are actually redeemed. Such obligations under the tax receivable agreement, however, would not arise if Post distributes its beneficial retained interest in BellRing LLC by means of a spin-off to its shareholders. As a result of the foregoing, we would be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the estimated present value as outlined in the tax receivable agreement of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the tax receivable agreement, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of those future tax benefits and, therefore, we could be required to make payments under the tax receivable agreement that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual tax benefits we ultimately realize. 
 Our organizational structure confers certain benefits upon Post and certain of its successors and assigns that may not benefit our Class A common stockholders to the same extent, and that could result in determinations harmful to the interests of such stockholders. 
 Our organizational structure, including the fact that Post owns more than 50 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock and holds its economic interest in BellRing LLC directly, confers certain benefits upon Post that will not benefit the holders of our Class A Common Stock to the same extent as they will benefit Post. For example, the tax receivable agreement will provide for the payment by us to Post (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) of 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal income tax, as well as state and local income tax and franchise tax (using an assumed tax rate on a base equal to the U.S. federal taxable income of BellRing Inc.) that we realize (or, in some circumstances, we are deemed to realize) as a result of (a) the increase in the tax basis of assets of BellRing LLC attributable to (i) the redemption of BellRing LLC units by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) pursuant to the BellRing LLC Agreement, (ii) deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) of BellRing LLC units or assets to BellRing Inc., (iii) certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing LLC to Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) and (iv) certain formation transactions that were undertaken in connection with our IPO, (b) disproportionate allocations of tax benefits to BellRing Inc. as a result of Section 704(c) of the Code and (c) certain tax benefits (e.g., basis adjustments, deductions, etc.) attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Although we will retain 15 of the amount of such tax benefits, it is possible that the interests of Post may in some circumstances conflict with our interests and the interests of our other stockholders, including you. 
 Further, Post may have different tax positions from us, especially in light of the tax receivable agreement, that could influence its decisions regarding whether and when we should dispose of assets, whether and when we should incur new or refinance existing indebtedness and whether and when we should terminate the tax receivable agreement and accelerate our obligations thereunder. In addition, changes in tax laws, the determination of future tax reporting positions, the structuring of future transactions (including dispositions of Post s interests in BellRing LLC, such as through a tax-free spin-off to its shareholders) and related restrictions on us, and the handling of any future challenges by any taxing authority to our tax reporting positions, may take into consideration Post s tax plans and objectives or other considerations, which may differ from the considerations of us or our other stockholders. Such determination may adversely affect our profitability or prevent us from pursuing certain opportunities to grow. 
 In the event Post is acquired or otherwise experiences a change in control, any acquirer or successor will generally succeed to the rights and obligations of BellRing LLC (including under the tax receivable agreement), and the same considerations described above apply to any such successor parties. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 If the BellRing LLC Board of Managers elects to make cash payments rather than issue shares of our Class A Common Stock in future redemptions of BellRing LLC units, such cash payments may reduce the amount of overall cash flow that would otherwise be available to us. 
 Subject to the terms of the BellRing LLC Agreement, BellRing LLC units may be redeemed at any time for, at the option of BellRing LLC (as determined by its Board of Managers), (i) shares of our Class A Common Stock or (ii) cash (based on the market price of the shares of our Class A Common Stock). The redemption of BellRing LLC units for shares of Class A Common Stock will be at an initial redemption rate of one share of Class A Common Stock for one BellRing LLC unit, subject to customary redemption rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. If cash payments are elected rather than the issuance of shares of our Class A Common Stock, such payments may require the payment of significant amounts of cash and may reduce the amount of overall cash flow that would otherwise be available for distribution to us from BellRing LLC, and also may negatively affect our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy. 
 Future sales or distributions of shares of our Class A Common Stock by Post could depress our Class A Common Stock price, impact our operations or result in a change in control of us. 
 Post generally has the right at any time, if it has redeemed BellRing LLC units for shares of our Class A Common Stock, to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a portion of the shares of our Class A Common Stock that it owns to third parties. Post and its affiliates may also directly transfer their BellRing LLC units to third parties without the consent or approval of the Board of Managers of BellRing LLC or any other party. In connection with such transfers, subject to certain exceptions, Post must either grant a written proxy to, or enter into a written voting agreement or other voting arrangement with, such transferee, which, if Post or its affiliates holds in the aggregate 50 or less of the BellRing LLC units, will provide for the right of such transferee to direct Post or its applicable affiliate, as the holder of the share of our Class B Common Stock, to cast a number of votes to which such share of Class B Common Stock is entitled on all matters in which our stockholders generally are entitled to vote equal to the number of BellRing LLC units held by such third party. In addition, a sale of a controlling interest in us to a third party would result in persons other than Post controlling us and could result in a change of management or changes in our business operations and policies. Sales by Post in the public market of substantial amounts of our Class A Common Stock or a spin-off to its shareholders also could depress the price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 In addition, Post has the right, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering the sale of its shares of our Class A Common Stock or to include its shares of our Class A Common Stock in other registration statements that we may file. In the event Post exercises its registration rights and sells all or a portion of its shares of our Class A Common Stock, the price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. 
 The services that Post provides to us may not be sufficient to meet our needs, which may result in increased costs and otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 In connection with our IPO, BellRing Inc., BellRing LLC and Post entered into a master services agreement (the MSA pursuant to which Post provides certain services to us, such as legal, finance, internal audit, treasury, information technology, support, human resources, insurance and tax matters. Post is not currently obligated to provide these services in a manner that differs from the nature of the services it provided to us prior to our IPO, and thus we may not be able to modify these services in a manner desirable to us.In connection with the Post Distribution Transaction, we will enter into an amended and restated master services agreement, which will provide the terms governing such services following the Distribution. If we no longer receive these services from Post prior to, or following, the Post Distribution Transaction, we may not be able to perform these services ourselves or to find appropriate third party arrangements at a reasonable cost, and the cost may be higher than that charged by Post. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Violations of laws or regulations by us or our third party contract manufacturers, as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local government authorities in the U.S., as well as government authorities outside of the U.S., including requirements related to food safety, quality, manufacturing, processing, storage, marketing, advertising, labeling, distribution and worker health and workplace safety. Our activities, both inside and outside of the U.S., are subject to extensive regulation. In the U.S., we are regulated by, and our activities are affected by, among other federal, state and local authorities and regulations, the FDA, the USDA, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and California s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (Proposition 65). In Europe, we are regulated by, among other authorities, the U.K. s Food Standards Agency, Health and Safety Executive, Environment Agency, Environmental Health, the Information Commissioners Office and the Trading Standards Office and their equivalents in E.U. member states. We also are regulated by similar authorities elsewhere in the world where our products are distributed. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies, tariffs, import and export restrictions, healthcare costs, energy usage, data privacy and immigration and labor issues, any or all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or the businesses of our customers, suppliers or third party contract manufacturers. In addition, we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. We also may be impacted by changes to administrative policies, such as business restrictions, tariffs and trade agreements, in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, product and equipment seizures, import and export restrictions, price controls, governmental and regulatory actions, mandatory business closures and other restrictions that have adversely impacted and could in the future adversely impact our operations. 
 The impact of current laws and regulations, changes in, or changes in interpretations of, these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or third party contract manufacturers, causing our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows to be adversely affected. Further, if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, revocations of required licenses, detention, seizure, injunctions or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 It also is possible that federal, state, local or foreign enforcement authorities might take regulatory or enforcement action, which could result in significant fines or penalties , revocations of required licenses or injunctions, as well as potential criminal sanctions . If we are found to be significantly out of compliance, an enforcement authority could issue a warning letter and/or institute enforcement actions that could result in additional costs, substantial delays in production or even a temporary shutdown in manufacturing and product sales. Also, we may have to recall product or otherwise remove product from the market, and temporarily cease its manufacture and distribution, which would increase our costs and reduce our revenues. Any product liability claims resulting from the failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations would be expensive to defend and could result in substantial damage awards against us or harm our reputation. Any of these events would negatively impact our revenues and costs of operations. 
 We also may be impacted by changes to administrative policies, such as business restrictions, tariffs and trade agreements, in markets in which we or our third party contract manufacturers manufacture, sell or distribute our products. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in quarantines, import and export restrictions, price controls, governmental and regulatory actions, mandatory business closures and other restrictions that could adversely impact our operations. 
 Certain of our products are subject to a higher level of regulatory scrutiny, resulting in increased costs of operations and the potential for delays in product sales. 
 Certain of our products are regulated by the FDA as dietary supplements, which are subject to FDA regulations and levels of regulatory scrutiny different from those applicable to conventional food. Internationally, the convenient nutrition category is regulated as food and dietary supplements. Such heightened regulatory scrutiny results in increased costs of operations and the potential for delays in product sales. In addition, there is some risk that product classifications could be changed by the regulators, which could result in significant fines, penalties, discontinued distribution and relabeling costs. Any of these events would negatively impact our revenues and costs of operations. 
 Pending and future litigation and claims may impair our reputation or lead us to incur significant costs. 
 We are, or may become, party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business, which may include lawsuits or claims relating to contracts, third party contract manufacturers, intellectual property infringement, product recalls, product liability, false or deceptive advertising, employment matters, environmental matters or other aspects of our business. There has been a recent increase in lawsuits filed against food and beverage companies alleging deceptive advertising and labeling. In addition, actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, may result in legal claims or litigation against us. Negative publicity resulting from allegations made in lawsuits or claims asserted against us, whether or not valid, may adversely affect our reputation. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements, become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, be required to modify our business processes, practices or products or be required to stop selling certain of our products. In addition, intellectual property infringement litigation or claims could cause us to cease making, licensing or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property, require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging, if feasible, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third party s intellectual property. Any or all of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The outcome of litigation is often difficult to predict, and the outcome of pending or future litigation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Although we have various insurance programs in place, the potential liabilities associated with lawsuits and claims could be excluded from coverage or, if covered, could exceed the coverage provided by such programs. In addition, insurance carriers may seek to rescind or deny coverage with respect to pending or future claims or lawsuits. If we do not have sufficient coverage under our policies, or if coverage is denied, we may be required to make material payments to settle litigation or satisfy any judgment. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that can impose significant costs and expose us to potential financial liabilities. 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment, including those limiting the discharge and release of pollutants into the environment and those regulating the transport, storage, disposal and remediation of, and exposure to, solid and hazardous wastes. Certain environmental laws and regulations can impose joint and several liability without regard to fault on responsible parties, including past and present owners and operators of sites, related to cleaning up sites at which hazardous materials were disposed of or released. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could result in severe fines and penalties by governments or courts of law. In addition, future laws may more stringently regulate the emission of greenhouse gases, particularly carbon dioxide and methane. 
 Future events, such as new or more stringent environmental laws and regulations, new environmental claims, the discovery of currently unknown environmental conditions requiring responsive action or more vigorous interpretations or enforcement of existing environmental laws and regulations, might require us to incur additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 We have a limited operating history as a separate public company, and our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results we will achieve as a separate public company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 
 The historical financial information we have included in this report related to the period prior to our IPO in October 2019 does not reflect what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been had we been a separate public company during those historical periods, or what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows will be in the future as a separate public company. 
 We have and will continue to incur additional expenses to create and maintain the corporate infrastructure to operate as a public company, and we have and will continue to experience increased ongoing costs in connection with being a public company. 
 Prior to our IPO, our business had historically used some of Post s corporate infrastructure and services to support our business functions. The expenses related to establishing and maintaining this infrastructure had been spread across all of Post s businesses and charged to us on a cost-allocation basis. After our IPO, except as described below, we no longer have access to Post s infrastructure or services, and we have had to establish our own. The services historically provided to us by Post included finance, information technology, legal, human resources, quality, supply chain and purchasing functions. Following our IPO, we continue to receive some of these services pursuant to the MSA with Post. There can be no assurance that all of the functions provided to us by Post under the MSA will be successfully executed by Post or that we will not have to expend significant efforts or costs materially in excess of those estimated in the MSA. Any interruption in these services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, upon termination of the MSA, we will need to perform these functions ourselves or hire third parties to perform these functions on our behalf. 
 Actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance and our forward-looking statements. 
 From time to time, we release guidance regarding our future performance. This guidance, which consists of forward-looking statements, is prepared by our management and is qualified by, and subject to, the assumptions and the other information contained or referred to in such release and the factors described under Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements in our current and periodic reports filed with the SEC. Our guidance is not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and neither our independent registered public accounting firm nor any other independent expert or outside party has audited, reviewed, examined, compiled or applied agreed upon procedures with respect to the guidance and, accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. The independent registered public accounting firm report included in this document relates to the Company's historical financial statements. It does not extend to any guidance and should not be read to do so. 
 Guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, although presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. We generally state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to represent that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. The principal reason that we release this data is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons. 
 Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results will vary from the guidance. Investors also should recognize that the reliability of any forecasted financial data diminishes the farther in the future that the data is forecast. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged to put the guidance in context and not to place undue reliance on it. 
 Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the risks or uncertainties set forth in this report could result in actual operating results being different than the guidance, and such differences may be adverse and material. 
 The market price and trading volume of our Class A Common Stock may be volatile. 
 The market price of our Class A Common Stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risk factors listed in this report or for reasons unrelated to our specific performance, such as reports by industry analysts, our failure to meet analysts earnings estimates, investor perceptions, or negative developments relating to our customers, competitors or suppliers, as well as general economic and industry conditions including those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Further, our Class A Common Stock may not be eligible to be included in certain stock indices to the extent we maintain our dual class voting structure. For example, in July 2017, S P Dow Jones stated that companies with multiple share classes will not be eligible for inclusion in the S P Composite 1500 (comprised of the S P 500, S P MidCap 400 and S P SmallCap 600). Any such exclusion from indices could result in a less active trading market for our Class A Common Stock. 
 A substantial portion of our total outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock may be sold into the market at any time, including as a result of the Post Distribution Transaction. These sales could cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 The market price of our Class A Common Stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our Class A Common Stock, including as a result of the Post Distribution Transaction, or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, could make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares of our Class A Common Stock at a time and price they consider appropriate, and could impair our ability to raise equity capital or use our Class A Common Stock as consideration for acquisitions of other businesses, investments or other corporate purposes. 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans or otherwise could dilute all other stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 500.0 million shares of Class A Common Stock, one share of Class B Common Stock and up to 50.0 million shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may be determined by our Board of Directors. Subject to compliance with applicable law and various ancillary agreements we entered into with Post and its affiliates (other than us) in connection with our IPO, we may issue shares of our Class A Common Stock, or securities convertible into shares of our Class A Common Stock, from time to time in connection with a financing, an acquisition, an investment, our stock incentive plans or otherwise. We may issue additional shares of our Class A Common Stock or securities convertible into shares of our Class A Common Stock from time to time at a discount to the market price of our Class A Common Stock at the time of issuance. Any issuance of such securities could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the market price of shares of our Class A Common Stock to decline. 
 We may not declare or pay any dividends on our Class A Common Stock for the foreseeable future. 
 We may not pay cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Consequently, our stockholders must rely on sales of their shares of our Class A Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Any future determination to pay dividends, including timing and amount, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to, among other things, our compliance with applicable law, and depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions in our debt agreements, business prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Our ability to pay dividends depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our operating subsidiaries, 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 including BellRing LLC, and our ability to pay dividends may be further restricted as a result of the laws of our subsidiaries jurisdictions of organization or their agreements, including agreements governing indebtedness. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and provisions of Delaware law may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party, which might diminish the value of our Class A Common Stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our Board of Directors. These provisions also may delay, prevent or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price for their Class A Common Stock. The provisions include, among others: 
 a prohibition on actions by written consent of the stockholders once Post and its affiliates (other than us) no longer own of record more than 50 of the BellRing LLC units; 
 our Board of Directors is divided into three classes with staggered terms; 
 authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock that will be available for future issuance; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to fix the size of the Board of Directors and fill vacancies without a stockholder vote; 
 provisions that have the same effect as a modified version of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, an anti takeover law (as further described below); and 
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations. 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may affect the ability of an interested stockholder to engage in certain business combinations, including mergers, consolidations or acquisitions of additional shares, for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is defined to include persons owning directly or indirectly 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation. We elected in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation not to be subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Nevertheless, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, except that they provide that Post and its various successors and affiliates (and certain transferees of any of them designated in writing by Post) are not deemed to be interested stockholders, regardless of the percentage of our stock owned by them, and accordingly are not subject to such restrictions. 
 The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, the significant voting power of Post and the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue a new series of preferred stock or implement a stockholder rights plan could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future, which could reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE corporate governance standards and we qualify for exemption from certain corporate governance requirements. We do not currently rely on any of these exemptions, but there can be no assurance that we will not rely on these exemptions in the future. 
 Since Post owns more than 50 of the voting power of all of our outstanding common stock, we are a controlled company under the NYSE corporate governance standards and are eligible to rely on exemptions from the following NYSE corporate governance requirements: 
 the requirement that a majority of our Board of Directors consist of independent directors; and 
 the requirement that we have compensation and nominating/corporate governance committee(s) comprised entirely of independent directors, each with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We do not currently rely on any of these exemptions, but there can be no assurance that we will not rely on these exemptions in the future. If we were to utilize some or all of these exemptions, holders of our Class A Common Stock may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE rules regarding corporate governance. 
 BellRing Inc. s only material asset is its interest in BellRing LLC, and accordingly, BellRing Inc. depends on distributions from BellRing LLC to pay taxes and expenses, including payments under the tax receivable agreement. BellRing LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 
 BellRing Inc. is a holding company, and has no material assets other than BellRing Inc. s ownership of BellRing LLC units and has no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. BellRing LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 income tax purposes and, as such, is generally not, with the exception of certain of its subsidiaries, subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Recently enacted legislation that is effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 may impute liability for adjustments to a partnership s tax return on the partnership itself in certain circumstances, absent an election to the contrary. BellRing LLC has and in the future may elect out of the application of these rules (but certain of its subsidiaries will likely not), but there can be no assurance that it will be eligible to do so in each tax year or that such election will be made. BellRing LLC (or its subsidiaries that are partnerships) may be subject to material liabilities pursuant to this legislation and related guidance if, for example, its calculations of taxable income are incorrect. Its members may be required to reimburse BellRing LLC for taxes, interest, and penalties resulting from an audit. Taxable income is allocated to holders of BellRing LLC units, including BellRing Inc. As a result, BellRing Inc. incurs U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on its allocable share of any net taxable income of BellRing LLC. Under the terms of the BellRing LLC Agreement, BellRing LLC is obligated to make tax distributions pro rata to holders of the BellRing LLC units, including, in the case of BellRing Inc., in an amount sufficient to allow BellRing Inc. to pay its tax obligations in respect of taxable income allocated to it from BellRing LLC and to make any payments required under the tax receivable agreement. In addition to tax expenses, and expenses under the tax receivable agreement, which could be significant, BellRing Inc. also incurs expenses related to its operations. We expect that BellRing LLC will make distributions pro rata to holders of the BellRing LLC units in an amount sufficient to allow BellRing Inc. to pay its operating expenses. In addition, the BellRing LLC Agreement provides that BellRing LLC will reimburse BellRing Inc. for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of BellRing Inc., including all fees, costs and expenses of BellRing Inc. associated with being a public company and maintaining its corporate existence. However, BellRing LLC s ability to make such distributions or reimbursement payments may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including, but not limited to, restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which BellRing LLC is then a party, including any debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering BellRing LLC insolvent. If BellRing LLC does not distribute sufficient funds for BellRing Inc. to pay its taxes or other liabilities, BellRing Inc. may have to borrow funds, which could adversely affect its liquidity and subject it to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that BellRing Inc. is unable to make payments under the tax receivable agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; except that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the tax receivable agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the tax receivable agreement. 
 General Risks 
 Changes in tax laws may adversely affect us, and the Internal Revenue Service or a court may disagree with our tax positions, which may result in adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 There can be no assurance that future tax law changes will not increase the rate of the corporate income tax significantly; impose new limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits; or make other changes that may adversely affect the performance of an investment in our stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or a court will agree with the positions taken by us, in which case tax penalties and interest may be imposed that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may not be able to operate successfully if we are unable to recruit, hire, retain and develop key personnel and a qualified and diverse workforce. In addition, temporary workforce disruptions or the inability of our employees to safely perform their jobs for any reason, including as a result of illness (such as COVID-19), could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We depend upon the skills, working relationships and continued services of key personnel, including our senior management team. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends upon our ability to recruit, hire, retain and develop qualified and diverse personnel to operate and expand our business. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel. If we lose key personnel, or one or more members of our senior management team, and we fail to develop adequate succession plans, or if we fail to hire, retain and develop a sufficient number of qualified and diverse employees to operate and expand our business, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed. 
 Our business is dependent upon our employees being able to safely perform their jobs. If we experience workforce disruptions or periods where our employees are unable to safely perform their jobs for any reason, including as a result of illness (such as COVID-19) or based upon shelter in place or other restrictions put in place by governmental authorities, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Increases in labor-related costs, including costs of medical and other employee health and welfare benefits, may reduce our profitability. 
 Inflationary pressures and shortages in the labor market have increased, and could continue to increase, our labor costs, which could negatively impact our profitability. With approximately 355 employees as of November 1, 2021, our profitability 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 may be substantially affected by costs of medical and other health and welfare benefits for these employees. Although we try to control these costs, they can vary because of changes in healthcare laws and claims experience, which have the potential to increase the cost of providing medical and other employee health and welfare benefits. Any substantial increase could negatively affect our profitability. In addition, we continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on labor-related costs. Any substantial increase in these costs could have a materially negative impact on our profitability. 
 If we are unable to continue to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, the reliability of our financial statements may be questioned, and the price of our Class A Common Stock could suffer. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX requires any company subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S. securities laws to do a comprehensive evaluation of its and its consolidated subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting. To comply with this statute, we are required to document and test our internal control procedures, our management is required to assess and issue a report concerning our internal control over financial reporting and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to issue an opinion on its audit of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards under the rules. During the course of its testing, our management may identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies which may not be remedied in time to meet the deadlines imposed by SOX and SEC rules. If our management cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies material weaknesses in our internal controls, investor confidence in our financial results may weaken and the price of our Class A Common Stock may suffer. In addition, in the event we do not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we might fail to timely prevent or detect potential financial misstatements. As of September 30, 2021, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Actions of stockholders could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We may, from time to time, be subject to proposals and other requests from stockholders urging us to take certain corporate actions, including proposals seeking to influence our corporate policies or effect a change in our management. In the event of such stockholder proposals, particularly with respect to matters which our management and Board of Directors, in exercising their fiduciary duties, disagree with or have determined not to pursue, our business could be adversely affected because responding to actions and requests of stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of management and our employees. Additionally, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, business partners and customers. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Post provides us space for our principal executive offices in St. Louis, Missouri pursuant to the MSA among BellRing Inc., BellRing LLC and Post. Our other administrative offices, as well as the warehousing, distribution and research and development facilities of our principal operations, are described below. While our products are primarily manufactured by third party contract manufacturers, we also own one manufacturing facility. For additional information regarding our third party manufacturing network, see Business - Supply Chain in Item 1 of this report. 
 We lease a research and development facility and administrative office in Emeryville, California. We also lease administrative offices in Rogers, Arkansas; Munich, Germany and Worb, Switzerland. Through third party logistics firms, we lease warehouse space in Tagelswangen, Switzerland and a distribution center with warehouse space in Kleve, Germany. We also manufacture protein and energy bars and gels and conduct research and development through an owned facility in Voerde, Germany. Management believes our facilities generally are in good operating condition. In conjunction with our arrangements with third party contract manufacturers and our planned expansion of the same in response to demand for certain of our products exceeding our production capacity in fiscal 2021, management believes, taken as a whole, our facilities generally are suitable, adequate and of sufficient capacity for our current operations. See Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this report for more information about our supply chain. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 The information required under this Item 3 is set forth in Note 16 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report and is incorporated herein by this reference. For disclosure of environmental proceedings with a governmental entity as a party pursuant to Item 103(c)(3)(iii) of Regulation S-K, the Company has elected to disclose matters where the Company reasonably believes such proceeding would result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, of 1.0 million or more. Applying this threshold, there are no such environmental proceedings pending as of the filing date of this report or that were resolved during the three months ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Class A Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol BRBR. Our Class B common stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Class B Common Stock is not traded on any established public trading market. There were approximately 123 stockholders of record of our Class A Common Stock and one stockholder of record of our Class B Common Stock as of November 15, 2021. 
 Dividends 
 We may not pay cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends, and the amount and timing of any such payment, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to, among other things, our compliance with applicable law, and depending on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions in our debt agreements, business prospects, our cash flow and liquidity position and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The information required under this Item 5 concerning equity compensation plan information is set out below under Item 12 of this report and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not make any repurchases of our Class A Common Stock during the three months ended September 30, 2021. The following table sets forth information with respect to repurchases of shares of our Class A Common Stock during the three months ended September 30, 2021 and our Class A Common Stock repurchase authorization. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (b) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (a) (b) July 1, 2021 - July 31, 2021 60,000,000 August 1, 2021 - August 31, 2021 60,000,000 September 1, 2021 - September 30, 2021 60,000,000 Total 60,000,000 
 (a) Does not include broker s commissions. 
 (b) On November 12, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 60,000,000 share repurchase authorization (the Authorization ). The Authorization was effective November 12, 2020 and expires on November 12, 2022. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, alternative, accelerated repurchase or automatic purchase transactions, or otherwise. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares the changes for the period beginning October 17, 2019, the first day our Class A Common Stock began trading on the NYSE, through September 30, 2021 in the cumulative total value of 100 hypothetically invested in each of (i) BellRing Class A Common Stock; (ii) the Russell 2000 index; and (iii) the S P 1500 Packaged Foods Meats Index. 
 
 100 invested on October 17, 2019 in stock or index. 
 P erformance Graph Data 
 BellRing Brands, Inc. ) Russell 2000 Index ) S P 1500 Packaged Foods Meats Index ) 10/17/2019 100.00 100.00 100.00 12/31/2019 129.03 108.57 105.72 3/31/2020 103.33 75.32 92.23 6/30/2020 120.85 94.47 100.87 9/30/2020 125.70 99.13 106.21 12/31/2020 147.33 130.21 109.79 3/31/2021 143.09 146.74 114.69 6/30/2021 189.94 153.04 118.24 9/30/2021 186.36 146.36 112.18 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS . 
 The following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources of BellRing Brands, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements under Item 8 of this report and the Cautionary Statement On Forward-Looking Statements on page 1. The terms our, we, us, the Company and BellRing as used herein refer to BellRing Brands, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 For the period presented prior to our initial public offering (the IPO ), these consolidated financial statements present the historical results of operations, comprehensive income, financial condition, cash flows and stockholders equity of the active nutrition business of Post Holdings, Inc. Post prepared on a stand-alone basis. These consolidated financial statements also include the allocation of certain Post corporate expenses related to the active nutrition business of Post for the period presented prior to our IPO. In the opinion of management, the assumptions underlying the historical consolidated financial statements of the active nutrition business of Post, including the basis on which the expenses have been allocated from Post, are reasonable. However, the allocations may not reflect the expenses that we may have incurred as a separate company for the period presented prior to the IPO. For additional information, see Risk Factors in Item 1A and Note 6 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a consumer products holding company operating in the global convenient nutrition category and a provider of ready-to-drink RTD protein shakes, other RTD beverages, powders and nutrition bars. We have a single operating and reportable segment, with our principal products being protein-based consumer goods. Our primary brands are Premier Protein and Dymatize. 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing Brands, Inc. BellRing Inc. closed its IPO of 39.4 million shares of its Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Class A Common Stock and contributed the net proceeds from the IPO to BellRing Brands, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and BellRing Inc. s subsidiary BellRing LLC in exchange for 39.4 million BellRing LLC non-voting membership units (the BellRing LLC units ). 
 As a result of the IPO and certain other transactions completed in connection with the IPO (the formation transactions ), BellRing LLC became the holder of the active nutrition business of Post. BellRing Inc., as a holding company, has no material assets other than its ownership of BellRing LLC units and its indirect interests in the subsidiaries of BellRing LLC and has no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. For additional information on the IPO, see Note 1 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The members of BellRing LLC are Post and BellRing Inc. BellRing Inc. holds the voting membership unit of BellRing LLC (which represents the power to appoint and remove the members of the Board of Managers of, and no economic interest in, BellRing LLC). BellRing Inc. has the right to appoint the members of the BellRing LLC Board of Managers, and therefore, controls BellRing LLC. The Board of Managers is responsible for the oversight of BellRing LLC s operations and overall performance and strategy, while the management of the day-to-day operations of the business of BellRing LLC and the execution of business strategy are the responsibility of the officers and employees of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries. Post, in its capacity as a member of BellRing LLC, does not have the power to appoint any members of the Board of Managers or voting rights with respect to BellRing LLC. 
 For the periods subsequent to the IPO, the financial results of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries are consolidated with BellRing Inc., and a portion of the consolidated net earnings of BellRing LLC are allocated to the redeemable noncontrolling interest (the NCI ). The calculation of the NCI is based on Post s ownership percentage of BellRing LLC units during each period, and reflects the entitlement of Post to a portion of the consolidated net earnings of BellRing LLC. 
 Industry Company Trends 
 The success of companies in the convenient nutrition category is driven by how well such companies can grow, develop and differentiate their brands. We expect the convergence of several factors to support the continued growth of the convenient nutrition category, including: 
 consumers increasingly dedicated pursuit of active lifestyles and growing interest in nutrition and wellness; 
 growing awareness of the numerous health benefits of protein, including sustained energy, muscle recovery and satiety; and 
 a rise in snacking and the desire for products that can be consumed on-the-go as nutritious snacks or meal replacements. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Nonetheless, the consumer food and beverage industry faces a number of challenges and uncertainties, including: 
 the highly competitive nature of the industry, which involves competition from a host of nutritional food and beverage companies, including manufacturers of other branded food and beverage products as well as manufacturers of private label and store brand products; 
 changing consumer preferences which require food manufacturers to identify changing preferences and to offer products that appeal to consumers; 
 supply chain challenges, including labor shortages and equipment delays, which have delayed capacity expansion across the broader third party aseptic processing contract manufacturer network and are expected to continue into fiscal 2022; and 
 increasing inflationary pressures, which are expected to continue into fiscal 2022, on the costs of ingredients and packaging materials and transportation. 
 Seasonality 
 We have experienced in the past, and expect to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in our sales and operating profit margins because of customer spending patterns and timing of our key retailers promotional activity. Historically, our first fiscal quarter is seasonally low for all brands driven by a slowdown of consumption of our products during the holiday season. Sales are typically higher throughout the remainder of the fiscal year as a result of promotional activity at key retailers as well as organic growth of the business. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and continues to cause global economic disruption and uncertainty, including in our business. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and developments related thereto on our business and remain focused on ensuring the health and safety of our employees, maintaining continuity of our supply chain to serve customers and consumers and preserving liquidity to navigate the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our primary categories returned to growth rates in line with their pre-pandemic levels during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and have remained strong in fiscal 2021. 
 As the overall economy continues to recover from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, input and freight inflation, equipment delays and input and labor availability are pressuring BellRing s supply chain. Lower than anticipated production and delays in capacity expansion across the broader third party shake contract manufacturer network have resulted in low inventories and missed sales. Service levels and fill rates remain below normal levels, and certain products have been placed on allocation. These factors are expected to improve but persist throughout fiscal 2022 and are dependent upon BellRing s contract manufacturer partners ability to deliver committed volumes, add capacity on expected timelines, retain manufacturing staff and rebuild inventory levels. For additional discussion, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources within this section, as well as Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in Part I of this report. 
 Announcement Subsequent to Period End 
 In October 2021, we, along with Post, announced the signing of a transaction agreement related to Post s previously announced plan to distribute a significant portion of its interest in the Company to Post s shareholders. We expect the distribution to be completed in the first calendar quarter of 2022, subject to certain customary conditions. See Note 18 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the announcement. 
 Items Affecting Comparability 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, net sales and/or operating profit was impacted by the following items: 
 accelerated amortization expense of 29.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 related to the discontinuance of the Supreme Protein brand; 
 restructuring and facility closure costs, including accelerated depreciation, of 5.6 million related to the closing of our Dallas, Texas office and the downsizing of our Munich, Germany location during the year ended September 30, 2021; and 
 separation costs of 0.2 million, 1.9 million and 6.7 million related to our separation from Post for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 For further discussion, refer to Results of Operations within this section. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Fiscal 2021 compared to 2020 Fiscal 2020 compared to 2019 favorable/(unfavorable) favorable/(unfavorable) dollars in millions 2021 2020 Change Change 2020 2019 Change Change Net Sales 
 1,247.1 988.3 258.8 26 988.3 854.4 133.9 16 Operating Profit 
 168.0 164.0 4.0 2 164.0 162.5 1.5 1 Interest expense, net 
 43.2 54.7 11.5 21 54.7 (54.7) (100) Loss on refinancing of debt 1.6 (1.6) (100) Income tax expense 8.8 9.2 0.4 4 9.2 39.4 30.2 77 Less: Net earnings attributable to NCI 86.8 76.6 (10.2) (13) 76.6 123.1 46.5 38 Net Earnings Available to Class A Common Stockholders 27.6 23.5 4.1 17 23.5 23.5 100 
 Net Sales 
 Fiscal 2021 compared to 2020 
 Net sales increased 258.8 million, or 26 , during the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the prior year. Sales of Premier Protein products were up 207.8 million, or 25 , with volume up 24 . Volume increases were driven by higher RTD protein shake product volumes which primarily related to distribution gains for both existing and new products and strong velocities driven by promotional activity and continued category momentum. Sales of Dymatize products were up 47.4 million, or 43 , with volume up 29 . Volume increases were primarily driven by distribution gains for both existing and new products and strong velocities driven by continued category momentum and lower international and specialty channel volumes in the prior year, largely resulting from consumer reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic. Average net selling prices increased during the year ended September 30, 2021 due to a favorable product mix. Sales of all other products were up 3.6 million. 
 Fiscal 2020 compared to 2019 
 Net sales increased 133.9 million, or 16 , during the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the prior year. Sales of Premier Protein products were up 148.2 million, or 22 , with volume up 23 . Volume increases were driven by higher RTD protein shake product volumes which primarily related to distribution gains, lapping short-term capacity constraints in fiscal 2019, incremental promotional activity and new product introductions, partially offset by lower other RTD beverages volumes. Sales of Dymatize products were down 4.0 million, or 4 , with volume down 1 . Volumes decreased primarily due to lower international and specialty channel volumes, largely resulting from consumer reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by higher eCommerce volumes. Sales of all other products were down 10.3 million. 
 Operating Profit 
 Fiscal 2021 compared to 2020 
 Operating profit increased 4.0 million, or 2 , during the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by higher net sales, as previously discussed, and lower costs related to the separation from Post of 1.7 million. These positive impacts were partially offset by higher net product costs of 38.9 million due to unfavorable raw material, freight and manufacturing costs, accelerated amortization expense of 29.9 million related to the discontinuance of the Supreme Protein brand, restructuring and facility closure costs, including accelerated depreciation, of 5.6 million, increased advertising and promotional spending of 6.1 million and higher employee-related costs. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2020 compared to 2019 
 Operating profit increased 1.5 million, or 1 , during the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by higher net sales, as previously discussed, and lower costs related to the separation from Post of 4.8 million. These positive impacts were partially offset by higher net product costs of 17.4 million, as unfavorable raw material costs were partially offset by lower manufacturing and freight costs, as well as increased advertising and promotional spending of 13.1 million, incremental public company costs of 8.7 million (including higher stock-based compensation expense of 2.9 million), higher employee-related expenses of 5.0 million and higher warehousing costs of 3.7 million. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Fiscal 2021 compared to 2020 
 Interest expense, net decreased 11.5 million during the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower aggregate principal amounts outstanding under BellRing LLC s term B loan facility (the Term B Facility and under BellRing LLC s revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). In addition, the weighted-average interest rate on the aggregate principal amounts outstanding under the Term B Facility and under the Revolving Credit Facility decreased to 5.3 for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 6.3 for the year ended September 30, 2020, driven by lower variable interest rates and the refinancing of the Term B Facility during the second quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 Fiscal 2020 compared to 2019 
 Interest expense, net was 54.7 million during the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to zero in the prior year. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to the issuance of debt in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Additionally, we recognized net hedging losses of 2.8 million on interest rate swaps during the year ended September 30, 2020. We had no debt outstanding or interest rate swaps during the year ended September 30, 2019. See Note 15 and Note 13 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our debt and interest rate swaps, respectively. 
 Loss on Refinancing of Debt 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, we recognized 1.6 million of losses related to refinancing fees incurred in conjunction with the refinancing of our Term B Facility. See Note 15 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our debt. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2021 was 7.1 compared to 8.4 for fiscal 2020 and 24.2 for fiscal 2019. A reconciliation of income tax expense with amounts computed at the federal statutory tax rate follows: 
 Year Ended September 30, dollars in millions 2021 2020 2019 Computed tax (21 25.9 23.0 34.1 Income tax expense attributable to NCI (19.5) (16.2) State income taxes, net of effect on federal tax 4.0 3.0 4.9 Tax-deductible transaction costs (1.2) Uncertain tax position 1.5 Other, net (none in excess of 5 of computed tax) (1.6) (0.9) 0.4 Income tax expense 8.8 9.2 39.4 
 The decrease in our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2021 and 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily due to us taking into account for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes our 28.8 distributive share of the items of income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC in the periods subsequent to the IPO. Prior to the IPO and formation transactions, we reported 100 of the income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing Inc. closed its IPO of 39.4 million shares of Class A Common Stock and received net proceeds from the IPO of 524.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 On October 11, 2019, in connection with the IPO and the formation transactions, Post entered into a 1,225.0 million Bridge Facility Agreement (the Bridge Loan Facility and borrowed 1,225.0 million under the Bridge Loan Facility (the Bridge Loan ). Certain of Post s domestic subsidiaries (other than BellRing Inc. but including BellRing LLC and its 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 domestic subsidiaries) guaranteed the Bridge Loan. On October 21, 2019, BellRing LLC entered into a Borrower Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Post and the administrative agent under the Bridge Loan Facility, under which (i) BellRing LLC became the borrower under the Bridge Loan and assumed all interest of 2.2 million thereunder, and Post and its subsidiary guarantors (other than BellRing LLC and its domestic subsidiaries) were released from all material obligations under the Bridge Loan, (ii) the domestic subsidiaries of BellRing LLC continued to guarantee the Bridge Loan and (iii) BellRing LLC s obligations under the Bridge Loan became secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of BellRing LLC s assets and substantially all of the assets of its subsidiary guarantors (other than real property). BellRing LLC did not receive any of the proceeds of the Bridge Loan. 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing LLC entered into a credit agreement (as subsequently amended, the Credit Agreement which provided for the Term B Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 700.0 million and the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 200.0 million. In connection with the IPO, BellRing LLC borrowed the full amount under the Term B Facility and 120.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility and used the proceeds, together with the net proceeds of the IPO that were contributed to it by BellRing Inc., (i) to repay in full the 1,225.0 million of borrowings under the Bridge Loan and all interest thereunder and related costs and expenses, (ii) to pay directly, or reimburse Post for, as applicable, all fees and expenses incurred by BellRing LLC or Post in connection with the IPO and the formation transactions, (iii) to reimburse Post for the amount of cash on BellRing LLC s balance sheet immediately prior to the completion of the IPO and (iv) for general corporate and working capital purposes, as well as to repay certain borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 On February 26, 2021, BellRing LLC entered into a second amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Amendment ). The Amendment provided for the refinancing of the Term B Facility on substantially the same terms as in effect prior to the Amendment, except that it (i) reduced the interest rate margin by 100 basis points resulting in (A) for Eurodollar rate loans, an interest rate of the Eurodollar rate plus a margin of 4.00 and (B) for base rate loans, an interest rate of the base rate plus a margin of 3.00 , (ii) reduced the floor for the Eurodollar rate to 0.75 , (iii) modified the Credit Agreement to address the anticipated unavailability of the London Interbank Offered Rate (used to determine the interest rate for Eurodollar rate loans) as a reference interest rate and (iv) provided that if on or before August 26, 2021 BellRing LLC repaid the Term B Facility in whole or in part with the proceeds of new or replacement debt at a lower effective interest rate, or further amended the Credit Agreement to reduce the effective interest rate applicable to the Term B Facility, BellRing LLC would have paid a 1.00 premium on the amount repaid or subject to the interest rate reduction. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, BellRing LLC borrowed 20.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility and repaid 50.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. BellRing LLC had 200.0 million of borrowing capacity and no outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021. Letters of credit are available under the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount of up to 20.0 million. The Credit Agreement provides for potential incremental revolving and term facilities at BellRing LLC s request and at the discretion of the lenders thereunder or other persons providing such incremental facilities, in each case on terms to be determined, and also permits BellRing LLC to incur other secured or unsecured debt, in all cases subject to conditions and limitations on the amount as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 Additionally, we entered into a tax receivable agreement with Post and BellRing LLC that provides for the payment by us or one of our subsidiaries to Post (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) of 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal income tax, as well as state and local income tax and franchise tax (using an assumed tax rate) and foreign tax that we realize (or, in some circumstances, are deemed to realize) as a result of (a) the increase in the tax basis of assets of BellRing LLC attributable to (i) the redemption of Post s (or certain transferees or assignees BellRing LLC units for shares of our Class A Common Stock or cash, (ii) deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) of BellRing LLC units or assets to us, (iii) certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing LLC to Post (or certain transferees or assignees) and (iv) certain formation transactions, (b) disproportionate allocations of tax benefits to us as a result of Section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue Code and (c) certain tax benefits (e.g., imputed interest, basis adjustments, etc.) attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. 
 For additional information on the IPO, the formation transactions, the tax receivable agreement and the Credit Agreement, see Notes 1, 8 and 15 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We expect to generate positive cash flows from operations and believe our cash on hand, cash flows from operations and possible future credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy our future working capital requirements, research and development activities, debt repayments, including both scheduled amortization payments and any mandatory prepayments required from excess cash flow, and other financing requirements for the foreseeable future. Our asset-light business model requires modest capital expenditures, with annual capital expenditures over the last three fiscal years averaging less than 1 of net sales. No significant capital expenditures are planned for fiscal 2022. Our cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include: 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Debt Obligations and Interest Payments See Note 15 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our debt and the timing of expected future principal and interest payments. 
 Operating Leases See Note 12 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our operating leases and the timing of expected future payments. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement See Note 6 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and above for additional information on our tax receivable agreement between Post and BellRing LLC. 
 Purchase Obligations Purchase obligations are legally binding agreements to purchase goods, services or equipment that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and/or penalties imposed for failing to meet contracted minimum purchase quantities (such as take-or-pay contracts); fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had total purchase commitments of 515.6 million (with 327.7 million due in fiscal 2022) which extend through fiscal 2027. 
 Our ability to generate positive cash flows from operations is dependent on general economic conditions, competitive pressures and other business risk factors. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or otherwise to comply with the terms of BellRing LLC s credit facilities, we may be required to seek additional financing alternatives. Additionally, we may seek to repurchase shares of our Class A Common Stock. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 Under its amended and restated limited liability company agreement (the BellRing LLC agreement ), BellRing LLC may make distributions to its members from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Managers. Such distributions are made to the members on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of BellRing LLC units held by each member, except that the Board of Managers may cause BellRing LLC to make non-proportionate distributions to BellRing Inc. in connection with any cash redemption of BellRing Inc. s Class A Common Stock. The BellRing LLC agreement provides, to the extent cash is available, for distributions pro rata to the holders of BellRing LLC units such that members receive an amount of cash sufficient to cover the estimated taxes payable by them including, in the case of BellRing Inc., an amount sufficient to allow BellRing Inc. to make any payments required under the tax receivable agreement. In addition, the BellRing LLC agreement provides that BellRing LLC will reimburse BellRing Inc. for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of BellRing LLC, including all fees, costs and expenses of BellRing Inc. associated with being a public company and maintaining its corporate existence. 
 The following table shows select cash flow data, which is discussed below. 
 Year Ended September 30, dollars in millions 2021 2020 2019 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 
 226.1 97.2 98.3 Investing activities 
 (1.6) (2.1) (3.2) Financing activities 
 (120.9) (52.6) (100.2) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 0.3 0.7 (0.3) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 103.9 43.2 (5.4) 
 Operating Activities 
 Fiscal 2021 compared to 2020 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 increased 128.9 million compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by favorable working capital changes of 85.8 million, which were primarily due to fluctuations in the timing of purchases and payments of trade payables and the decrease in the current year inventory balance due to higher net sales outpacing production levels. In addition, interest payments decreased 13.1 million compared to the prior year due to lower aggregate principal amounts outstanding under the Term B Facility and Revolving Credit Facility, as well as the refinancing of the Term B Facility. These positive impacts were partially offset by restructuring costs payments of 4.7 million and increased tax payments of 1.9 million. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2020 compared to 2019 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2020 decreased 1.1 million compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven by higher interest payments of 48.8 million due to the increase in the principal balance of our outstanding debt and incremental income tax payments of 9.8 million. These higher payments were partially offset by favorable working capital changes of 26.2 million primarily due to the build up of inventory in fiscal 2019 related to short-term supply constraints, partially offset by fluctuations in the timing of sales and collections of trade receivables and the timing of purchases and payments of trade payables. 
 Investing Activities 
 Fiscal 2021 compared to 2020 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 decreased 0.5 million compared to the prior year, resulting from a decrease in capital expenditures. 
 Fiscal 2020 compared to 2019 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2020 decreased 1.1 million compared to the prior year, resulting from a decrease in capital expenditures. 
 Financing Activities 
 Fiscal 2021 
 Cash used in financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 was 120.9 million. BellRing LLC drew an aggregate of 20.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility, repaid 63.8 million on the principal balance of the Term B Facility and repaid 50.0 million on the Revolving Credit Facility during the year. In addition, BellRing LLC paid Post 24.6 million related to tax distributions pursuant to the BellRing LLC agreement and state tax withholdings payments on behalf of Post. 
 Fiscal 2020 
 Cash used in financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2020 was 52.6 million. BellRing LLC received proceeds of 686.0 million, net of discount, related to the issuance of the Term B Facility and drew an aggregate of 195.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, BellRing Inc. received 524.4 million from the issuance of its Class A Common Stock in conjunction with the IPO. BellRing LLC had net cash transfers of 32.1 million to Post which included cash deposits and borrowings prior to the IPO, tax distributions to Post pursuant to the BellRing LLC agreement and state tax withholdings payments on behalf of Post. BellRing LLC also repaid the 1,225.0 million outstanding principal balance of the Bridge Loan assumed from Post, repaid 165.0 million on the Revolving Credit Facility and repaid 26.3 million on the principal balance of the Term B Facility. In connection with the issuance of BellRing LLC s long-term debt, BellRing LLC paid 9.6 million in debt issuance costs and deferred financing fees. 
 Fiscal 2019 
 Cash used in financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2019 was 100.2 million, which primarily related to cash transfers to and from Post. The components of net transfers included cash deposits to Post and cash borrowings received from Post used to fund operations or capital expenditures and allocations of Post s corporate expenses. 
 Debt Covenants 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, BellRing LLC is required to comply with a financial covenant requiring BellRing LLC to maintain a total net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) not to exceed 6.00 to 1.00, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. BellRing LLC was in compliance with its financial covenant as of September 30, 2021, and we do not believe non-compliance is reasonably likely in the foreseeable future. 
 The Credit Agreement provides for potential incremental revolving and term facilities, and also permits BellRing LLC to incur other secured or unsecured debt, in all cases subject to conditions and limitations on the amount as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 COMMODITY TRENDS 
 We are exposed to price fluctuations primarily from purchases of ingredients and packaging materials, transportation costs and energy. Our principal ingredients are milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends. Our principal packaging materials consist of aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons, flexible and rigid plastic film and containers, beverage packaging and corrugate. These costs have been volatile in recent years, 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 and future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. We manage the impact of cost increases, wherever possible, on commercially reasonable terms, by locking in prices on the quantities through purchase commitments required to meet our production requirements. In addition, we attempt to offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to our customers. However, for competitive reasons, we may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as we incur them. In addition, inflationary pressures can have an adverse effect on our business through higher raw material and fuel costs. We believe that inflation has not had a material adverse impact on our operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, but could have a material impact in the future if inflation rates were to significantly exceed our ability to achieve price increases. 
 CURRENCY 
 Certain sales and costs of our foreign operations are denominated in the Euro. Consequently, profits from these operations are impacted by fluctuations in the value of this currency relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the use of judgment, estimates and assumptions. We make these subjective determinations after considering our historical performance, management s experience, current economic trends and events and information from outside sources. Inherent in this process is the possibility that actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions for any particular period. 
 Prior to the IPO, our operations were conducted by and accounted for as part of the active nutrition business of Post. These historical consolidated financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis and were derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Post. The consolidated financial statements prior to the IPO reflect the historical results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the active nutrition business of Post and the allocation of certain Post corporate expenses relating to the active nutrition business of Post based on the historical financial statements and accounting records of Post. In the opinion of management, the assumptions underlying the historical consolidated financial statements, including the basis on which the expenses have been allocated from Post, are reasonable. However, the allocations may not reflect the expenses that BellRing Inc. may have incurred as a separate company for the periods presented. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our critical accounting estimates are those that have a meaningful impact on the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue when performance obligations have been satisfied by transferring control of the goods to customers. Control is generally transferred upon delivery of the goods to the customer. At the time of delivery, the customer is invoiced using previously agreed-upon credit terms. Shipping and/or handling costs that occur before the customer obtains control of the goods are deemed fulfillment activities and are accounted for as fulfillment costs. Our contracts with customers generally contain one performance obligation. 
 Many of our contracts with customers include some form of variable or fixed consideration. The most common forms of variable and fixed consideration are trade promotions, rebates and discount programs. Variable consideration is treated as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenue is recognized. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on specific customer pricing and promotional practices, which range from contractually fixed percentage price reductions to reimbursement based on actual occurrence or performance. We do not believe that there will be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration when any uncertainties are resolved with customers. We review and update estimates of variable consideration each period. Uncertainties related to the estimates of variable consideration are resolved in a short time frame and do not require any additional constraint on variable consideration. The majority of trade promotions are redeemed in the form of invoice credits against trade receivables. 
 Our products are sold with no right of return, except in the case of goods which do not meet product specifications or are damaged. No services beyond this assurance-type warranty are provided to customers. Customer remedies include either a cash refund or an exchange of the product. As a result, the right of return and related refund liability is estimated and recorded as a reduction of revenue based on historical sales return experience. 
 Long-Lived Assets We review long-lived assets, including leasehold improvements, property and equipment and amortized intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating the fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. There were no indicators, including adverse trends in the business, that indicated it was more likely than not that our long-lived assets were impaired in fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax We estimate income tax expense based on taxes in each jurisdiction. We estimate current tax exposures together with temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. We believe that sufficient income will be generated in the future to realize the benefit of most of our deferred tax assets. Where there is not sufficient evidence that such income is likely to be generated, we establish a valuation allowance against the related deferred tax assets. 
 See Note 8 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about estimates affecting income taxes. 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See Note 3 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion regarding recently issued accounting standards. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant volatility and uncertainty in the markets in which the Company operates. At the time of this report, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had, and the Company does not currently expect to have, a significant impact on its exposure to market risk from commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, among others. For additional discussion, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7, as well as Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in Part I of this report. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company is exposed to commodity price risks relating to the purchases of raw materials. The Company manages the impact of cost increases, wherever possible, on commercially reasonable terms, by locking in prices on the quantities through purchase commitments required to meet production requirements. In addition, the Company may attempt to offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to customers. However, for competitive reasons, the Company may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as they are incurred. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Related to Active Nutrition International GmbH whose functional currency is the Euro, the Company is exposed to risks of fluctuations in future cash flows and earnings due to changes in exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Long-term debt 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, BellRing LLC had an aggregate principal amount of 609.9 million and 673.7 million outstanding on its Term B Facility, respectively, and an aggregate principal amount of zero and 30.0 million outstanding under its Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. Borrowings under the Term B Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates. Including the impact of interest rate swaps, a hypothetical 10 increase in interest rates would have an immaterial impact on both interest expense and interest paid during both the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. For additional information regarding BellRing LLC s debt, see Note 15 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Interest rate swaps 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had interest rate swaps with a notional value of 350.0 million. A hypothetical 10 adverse change in interest rates would have an immaterial impact on the fair value of the interest rate swaps as of both September 30, 2021 and 2020. For additional information regarding the Company s interest rate swap contracts, see Note 13 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 55 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 58 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 59 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BellRing Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of stockholders' (deficit) equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in fiscal 2020. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Receivables, net- Allowance for Trade Promotions 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, many of the Company's contracts with customers include some form of variable or fixed consideration. The most common forms of variable and fixed consideration are trade promotions, rebates and discount programs. These programs resulted in an allowance for trade promotions of 19.4 million which is reflected as a reduction of receivables, net as of September 30, 2021. Variable consideration is treated as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenue is recognized. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on specific customer pricing and promotional practices, which range from contractually fixed percentage price reductions to reimbursement based on actual occurrence or performance. The Company reviews and updates estimates of variable consideration each period. Uncertainties related to the estimates of variable consideration are resolved in a short time frame and do not require any additional constraint on variable consideration. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to receivables, net - allowance for trade promotions is a critical audit matter is the matter involved significant audit effort in performing procedures related to management s allowance for trade promotions. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the accuracy and valuation of the allowance for trade promotions. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for determining the allowance for trade promotions; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology; and (iii) testing the accuracy and relevance of underlying data used to determine the allowance for trade promotions by examining customer agreements and sales data on a test basis. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 November 19, 2021 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Net Sales Cost of goods sold Gross Profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Other operating income, net ) Operating Profit Interest expense, net Loss on refinancing of debt Earnings before Income Taxes Income tax expense Net Earnings Including Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Less: Net earnings attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Net Earnings Available to Class A Common Stockholders Earnings per share of Class A Common Stock: Basic Diluted Weighted-Average shares of Class A Common Stock Outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Net Earnings Including Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Hedging adjustments: Net loss on derivatives ) Reclassifications to net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustments: Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Tax (expense) benefit on other comprehensive income (loss): Net loss on derivatives Reclassifications to net earnings ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Including Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest ) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Total Comprehensive Income Available to Class A Common Stockholders 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share data) 
 September 30, 2021 2020 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 16) 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest Stockholders Deficit Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding in each year 
 Common stock, par value 
 Class A common stock; shares authorized in each year, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class B common stock; share authorized, issued and outstanding in each year 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net earnings including redeemable noncontrolling interest Adjustments to reconcile net earnings including redeemable noncontrolling interest to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Unrealized (gain) loss on interest rate swaps ) Loss on refinancing of debt Non-cash stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Other, net Other changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in receivables ) ) Decrease (increase) in inventories ) ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Decrease in other assets Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and other current liabilities ) ) Increase in non-current liabilities Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Additions to property ) ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs and deferred financing fees ) Payment of debt refinancing fees ) Distributions to Post Holdings, Inc., net ) ) ) Other, net ) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 (in millions 
 As Of and For The Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Preferred Stock Beginning and end of year Common Stock Beginning of year Issuance of common stock End of year Additional Paid-in Capital Beginning of year Activity under stock and deferred compensation plans ) Non-cash stock-based compensation expense Redemption value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) End of year Accumulated Deficit Beginning of year ) Net earnings available to Class A Common Stockholders Distributions to Post Holdings, Inc. ) ) Issuance of common stock ) Initial public offering ) Reclassification of net investment of Post Holdings, Inc. Redemption value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) End of year ) ) Net Investment of Post Beginning of year Net earnings attributable to Post Holdings, Inc. Initial public offering Reclassification of net investment of Post Holdings, Inc. ) Net decrease in net investment of Post Holdings, Inc. ) End of year Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Hedging Adjustments, net of tax Beginning of year ) Net change in hedges, net of tax ) End of year ) ) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Beginning of year ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) End of year ) ) ) Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity ) ) Preferred Stock, shares Beginning and end of year Common Stock, shares Beginning of year Issuance of common stock Activity under stock and deferred compensation plans End of year 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except per share information or where indicated otherwise) 
 
 NOTE 1 
 shares of its Class A common stock, par value per share (the Class A Common Stock and contributed the net proceeds from the IPO to BellRing Brands, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of BellRing Inc. BellRing LLC ), in exchange for BellRing LLC non-voting membership units (the BellRing LLC units ). 
 As a result of the IPO and certain other transactions completed in connection with the IPO (the formation transactions ), BellRing LLC became the holder of the active nutrition business of Post Holdings, Inc. Post ), which until the completion of the IPO, had been comprised of Premier Nutrition Company, LLC Premier Nutrition ), Dymatize Enterprises, LLC Dymatize ), Supreme Protein, LLC, the PowerBar brand and Active Nutrition International GmbH Active Nutrition International ). 
 BellRing Inc., as a holding company, has no material assets other than its ownership of BellRing LLC units and its indirect interests in the subsidiaries of BellRing LLC and has no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. The members of BellRing LLC are Post and BellRing Inc. 
 As of September 30, 2021, Post held BellRing LLC units, equal to of the economic interest in BellRing LLC, and share of Class B common stock of BellRing Inc., par value per share (the Class B Common Stock ), which represented of the combined voting power of the common stock of BellRing Inc. The Class B Common Stock has no dividend or other economic rights. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the public stockholders of BellRing Inc. (i) owned shares of Class A Common Stock, which represented of the combined voting power of BellRing Inc. common stock and 100 of the economic interest in BellRing Inc., and (ii) through BellRing Inc. s ownership of BellRing LLC units, indirectly held of the economic interest in BellRing LLC. 
 BellRing Inc. and BellRing LLC will at all times maintain, subject to certain exceptions, a one-to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued by BellRing Inc. and the number of BellRing LLC units owned by BellRing Inc. BellRing Inc. holds the voting membership unit of BellRing LLC (which represents the power to appoint and remove the members of the Board of Managers of, and no economic interest in, BellRing LLC). BellRing Inc. has the right to appoint the members of the BellRing LLC Board of Managers, and therefore, controls BellRing LLC. The Board of Managers is responsible for the oversight of BellRing LLC s operations and overall performance and strategy, while the management of the day-to-day operations of the business of BellRing LLC and the execution of business strategy are the responsibility of the officers and employees of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries. Post, in its capacity as a member of BellRing LLC, does not have the power to appoint any members of the Board of Managers or voting rights with respect to BellRing LLC. Post controls BellRing Inc. through its ownership of the share of Class B Common Stock. 
 
 NOTE 2 
 
 For the periods subsequent to the IPO, the financial results of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries are consolidated with BellRing Inc., and a portion of the consolidated net earnings of BellRing LLC is allocated to the redeemable noncontrolling interest (the NCI ). The calculation of the NCI is based on Post s ownership percentage of BellRing LLC units during each period, and reflects the entitlement of Post to a portion of the consolidated net earnings of BellRing LLC. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, in available cash, of which and , respectively, was outside of the United States (the U.S. ). The Company s intention is to reinvest these funds indefinitely. 

to years for machinery and equipment; to years for buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements; and to years for software. Total depreciation expense was , and in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Any gains and losses incurred on the sale or disposal of assets would be included in other operating income/expense in the statement of operations. Repair and maintenance costs incurred in connection with on-going and planned major maintenance activities are accounted for under the direct expensing method. Property consisted of: 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Software Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, net 
 As of both September 30, 2021 and 2020, the majority of the Company s tangible long-lived assets were located in Europe and had a net carrying value of ; the remainder were located in the U.S. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

The Company did not record a goodwill impairment charge at September 30, 2021, 2020 or 2019, as all reporting units with goodwill passed either the qualitative or quantitative impairment test. 
 The components of Goodwill on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at both the beginning and end of the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 are presented in the following table. 
 Accumulated impairment losses Goodwill 
 , and in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. For the definite-lived intangible assets recorded as of September 30, 2021, amortization expense of is expected in each of the next five fiscal years. Intangible assets consisted of: 
 ) ) Trademarks and brands ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Intangible assets, net ) ) 
 In December 2020, the Company finalized its plan to discontinue the Supreme Protein brand and related sales of Supreme Protein products. In connection with the discontinuance, the Company updated the useful lives of the customer relationships and trademarks associated with the Supreme Protein brand to reflect the remaining period in which the Company continued to sell existing Supreme Protein product inventory. Accelerated amortization of was recorded during the year ended September 30, 2021 resulting from the updated useful lives of the customer relationships and trademarks associated with the Supreme Protein brand, which were fully amortized and written off as of September 30, 2021. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, on the balance sheet at October 1, 2019. The Company elected the following practical expedients in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 842, Leases : 
 Reassessment elections The Company elected the package of practical expedients and did not reassess whether any existing contracts are or contain a lease, provided a lease analysis was conducted under ASC Topic 840, Leases . To the extent leases were identified under ASC Topic 840, the Company did not reassess the classification of those leases. Additionally, to the extent initial direct costs were capitalized under ASC Topic 840 and are not amortized as a result of the implementation of ASC Topic 842, they were not reassessed. 
 Short-term lease election ASC Topic 842 allows lessees an option to not recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities arising from short-term leases. A short-term lease is defined as a lease with an initial term of 12 months or less. The Company elected to not recognize short-term leases as ROU assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. All short-term leases which are not included on the Company s balance sheet will be recognized within lease expense. Leases that have an initial term of 12 months or less with an option for renewal will need to be assessed in order to determine if the lease qualifies for the short-term lease exception. If the option is reasonably certain to be exercised, the lease does not qualify as a short-term lease. 
 Lease vs non-lease components The Company elected to combine lease and non-lease components as a single component and the total consideration for the arrangements were accounted for as a lease. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, which were recorded as a reduction of Receivables, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Variable consideration is treated as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenue is recognized. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on specific customer pricing and promotional practices, which range from contractually fixed percentage price reductions to reimbursement based on actual occurrence or performance. The Company does not believe that there will be significant changes to its estimates of variable consideration when any uncertainties are resolved with customers. The Company reviews and updates estimates of variable consideration each period. Uncertainties related to the estimates of variable consideration are resolved in a short time frame and do not require any additional constraint on variable consideration. The majority of trade promotions are redeemed in the form of invoice credits against trade receivables. 
 
 The following table summarizes the impact of the Company s adoption of ASU 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) on a modified retrospective basis in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2019, the year of adoption. As a result of the adoption, certain payments to customers totaling in the year ended September 30, 2019 previously classified in Selling, general and administrative expenses were classified as Net Sales in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. These payments to customers related to trade advertisements that supported the Company s sales to customers. In accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, these payments were determined not to be distinct within the customer contracts and, as such, required classification within net sales. No changes to the balance sheet were required by the adoption of ASC Topic 606. 
 ) Cost of goods sold Gross Profit ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Amortization of intangible assets Operating Profit 
 Storage and other warehousing costs totaled , and in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 The amounts reported as assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Prepaid expenses and other current assets were immaterial as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

of the economic interest in BellRing LLC (see Note 1), which, as a result of the IPO and formation transactions, is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, BellRing LLC is itself generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax under current U.S. tax laws. BellRing Inc. is subject to U.S. federal income taxes, in addition to state and local income taxes, with respect to its distributive share of the items of income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC. BellRing Inc. is also subject to taxes in foreign jurisdictions. Prior to the IPO and formation transactions, the Company reported 100 of the income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC as part of Post s consolidated U.S. federal income tax return and therefore, was subject to U.S. federal income taxes, in addition to state, local and foreign taxes. See Note 8 for disclosures related to income taxes. 
 
 NOTE 3 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4 
 Powders Nutrition bars Other Net Sales 
 The Company s external revenues were primarily generated by sales within the U.S.; foreign sales were , and of total fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 net sales, respectively. The largest concentration of foreign sales was within Europe, which accounted for , and of total foreign net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Sales are attributed to individual countries based on the address to which the product is shipped. 
 Two customers individually accounted for more than 10 of total net sales in each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. One customer accounted for , and of total net sales in the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The other customer accounted for , and of total net sales in the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 Charge to expense Cash payments ) Non-cash charges Balance, September 30, 2021 Total expected restructuring charges Cumulative restructuring charges incurred to date Remaining expected restructuring charges 

NOTE 6 
 , which included of costs related to the separation from Post. Costs related to the separation from Post were and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Allocated costs and costs related to the separation from Post were included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 MSA fees were for each of the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. Stock-based compensation expense related to Post s stock-based compensation plans were and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 , and , respectively. 
 The Company has a series of agreements with Post which are intended to govern the ongoing relationship between the Company and Post. These agreements include the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of BellRing LLC (the BellRing LLC Agreement ), an employee matters agreement, an investor rights agreement, a tax matters agreement, a tax receivable agreement and the MSA, among others. Under certain of these agreements, the Company incurs expenses payable to Post in connection with certain administrative services provided for varying lengths of time. The Company had immaterial receivables with Post at both September 30, 2021 and 2020 related to sales with Post and its subsidiaries. The Company had and of payables with Post at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to MSA fees and pass-through charges owed by the Company to Post, as well as related party purchases. The receivables and payables were included in Receivables, net and Accounts payable, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, BellRing LLC paid and , respectively, to Post related to quarterly tax distributions from BellRing LLC to Post made pursuant to the terms of the BellRing LLC Agreement and and , respectively, for state corporate tax withholdings on behalf of Post. There were no payments made by BellRing LLC related to quarterly tax distributions or state corporate tax withholdings during the year ended September 30, 2019. 
 Based on the provisions of the tax receivable agreement, BellRing Inc. must pay to Post (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal income tax, as well as state and local income tax and franchise tax (using an assumed tax rate) and foreign tax that BellRing Inc. realizes (or, in some circumstances, is deemed to realize) as a result of (a) the increase in the tax basis of assets of BellRing LLC attributable to (i) the redemption of Post s (or certain transferees or assignees BellRing LLC units for shares of Class A Common Stock or cash, (ii) deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) of BellRing LLC units or assets to BellRing Inc., (iii) certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing LLC to Post (or certain transferees or assignees) and (iv) certain formation transactions, (b) disproportionate allocations of tax benefits to BellRing Inc. as a result of Section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue Code and (c) certain tax benefits (e.g., imputed interest, basis adjustments, etc.) attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Amounts payable to Post related to the tax receivable agreement of and were recorded in Accounts Payable and Other liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2021. Amounts payable to Post related to the tax receivable agreement of were recorded in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2020. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 BellRing LLC units equal to of the economic interest in BellRing LLC. Post may redeem BellRing LLC units for, at BellRing LLC s option (as determined by its Board of Managers), (i) shares of Class A Common Stock or (ii) cash (based on the market price of the shares of Class A Common Stock). The redemption of BellRing LLC units for shares of Class A Common Stock will be at an initial redemption rate of one share of Class A Common Stock for one BellRing LLC unit, subject to customary redemption rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. 
 Post s ownership of BellRing LLC units represents a NCI to the Company, which is classified outside of permanent stockholders equity as the BellRing LLC units are redeemable at the option of Post, through Post s ownership of the Company s Class B Common Stock (see Note 1). The carrying amount of the NCI is the greater of: (i) the initial carrying amount, increased or decreased for the NCI s share of net income or loss, other comprehensive income or loss and distributions or dividends or (ii) the redemption value. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the carrying amounts of the NCI were recorded at their redemption values of and , respectively. Changes in the redemption value of the NCI are recorded to additional paid-in capital, to the extent available, and Accumulated deficit on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 At both September 30, 2021 and 2020, BellRing Inc. owned of the outstanding BellRing LLC units. The financial results of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries were consolidated with BellRing Inc., and the portion of the consolidated net earnings of BellRing LLC to which Post was entitled was allocated to the NCI during each year. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Net earnings attributable to NCI after IPO Net change in hedges, net of tax ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Impact of IPO Redemption value adjustment to NCI End of period 
 The following table summarizes the effects of changes in ownership in BellRing LLC on BellRing Inc. s equity. The period as of and for the year ended September 30, 2020 represents the period beginning October 21, 2019, the effective date of the IPO, and ending September 30, 2020 (see Note 1). 
 Transfers to NCI: Impact of IPO Redemption value adjustment to NCI Changes from net earnings available to Class A Common Stockholders and transfers to NCI 

NOTE 8 
 of the economic interest in BellRing LLC (see Note 1), which, as a result of the IPO and formation transactions, is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, BellRing LLC is itself generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax under current U.S. tax laws. Generally, items of taxable income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC are passed through to its members, BellRing Inc. and Post. BellRing Inc. is responsible for its share of taxable income or loss of BellRing LLC allocated to it in accordance with the BellRing LLC Agreement and partnership tax rules and regulations. 
 The expense (benefit) for income taxes consisted of the following: 
 State Foreign ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Income tax expense 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 compared to for fiscal 2020 and for fiscal 2019. The decrease in the effective income tax rate compared to each of the prior years was primarily due to the Company taking into account for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes its distributive share of the items of income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC in the periods subsequent to the IPO. Prior to the IPO and formation transactions, the Company reported 100 of the income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC. 
 A reconciliation of income tax expense with amounts computed at the federal statutory tax rate follows: 
 Income tax expense attributable to NCI ) ) State income taxes, net of effect on federal tax Tax-deductible transaction costs ) Uncertain tax position Other, net (none in excess of 5 of computed tax) ) ) Income tax expense 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax non-current assets (liabilities) were as follows: 
 Accrued liabilities Intangible assets Investment in partnership (a) ) ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) ) 
 (a) As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company s deferred tax liability for investment in partnership of and , respectively, related to excess financial reporting outside basis over tax outside basis, of which and , respectively, related to a deferred tax asset attributable to BellRing Inc. s investment in BellRing LLC and and , respectively, related to a deferred tax liability attributable to a partnership wholly-owned by BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries. 
 No provision has been made for income taxes on undistributed earnings of consolidated foreign subsidiaries of and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as it is the Company s intention to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. It is not practicable to estimate the additional income taxes and applicable foreign withholdings that would be payable on the remittance of such undistributed earnings. 
 For fiscal 2021 and 2020, foreign loss before income taxes was and , respectively. For fiscal 2019, foreign income before taxes was . 
 CARES Act 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act had no significant U.S. federal or state income tax impacts during the years ended September 30, 2021 or 2020. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The Company recognizes the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. To the extent the Company s assessment of such tax positions changes, the change in estimate will be recorded in the period in which the determination is made. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Additions for tax positions taken in current year and acquisitions Reductions for tax positions taken in prior years ) Balance, end of year 
 The amount of the net unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would directly affect the effective tax rate was at September 30, 2021. None of the unrecognized tax benefit at September 30, 2021 is expected to be recognized within the next twelve months. 
 The Company computes tax-related interest and penalties as the difference between the tax position recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amount previously taken on the Company s tax returns and classifies these amounts as components of income tax (benefit) expense. During each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, expenses recorded related to interest and penalties were immaterial, and the Company had immaterial interest and penalty accruals at both September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 U.S. federal, U.S. state and German income tax returns for the tax years ended September 30, 2018 through September 30, 2020 are generally open and subject to examination by the tax authorities in each respective jurisdiction. 
 
 NOTE 9 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share. The year ended September 30, 2020 represents the period beginning October 21, 2019, the effective date of the IPO, and ending September 30, 2020 (see Note 1). There were no shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding during the year ended September 30, 2019, and as such, no computation of basic and diluted earnings per share has been provided. 
 Dilutive impact of net earnings attributable to NCI Net earnings available to Class A Common Stockholders for diluted earnings per share Weighted-average shares for basic earnings per share Total dilutive restricted stock units Weighted-average shares for diluted earnings per share Basic earnings per share of Class A Common Stock Diluted earnings per share of Class A Common Stock 
 Weighted-average shares for diluted earnings per share excludes and of equity awards for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as they were anti-dilutive. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10 
 Repair and maintenance expenses Research and development expenses Interest paid (a) Income taxes paid (b) 
 (a) The Company held no debt during the period prior to the IPO. For additional information, see Note 15. 
 . 
 
 NOTE 11 
 Other Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Inventories Raw materials and supplies Work in process Finished products Accounts Payable Trade Other Other Current Liabilities Accrued legal settlements Accrued compensation Hedging liabilities Advertising and promotion Other 

NOTE 12 
 year to years and most leases provide the Company with the option to exercise one or more renewal terms. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Lease liabilities: Other current liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Future maturities of the Company s operating lease liabilities as of September 30, 2021 are presented in the following table. 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Thereafter Total future minimum payments Less: Implied interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 The following table presents supplemental information related to the Company s operating leases reported under ASC Topic 842. 
 Variable lease expense Short-term lease expense Weighted average remaining lease term 
 years years Weighted average incremental borrowing rate 
 
 Operating cash flows for amounts included in the measurement of the Company s operating lease liabilities for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were and , respectively. ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. 
 As reported under ASC Topic 840, rent expense for the year ended September 30, 2019 was . 
 
 NOTE 13 
 . The interest rate swaps mature in December 2022 and require monthly settlements, which began on January 31, 2020, and are used to hedge forecasted interest payments on the Company s variable rate debt (see Note 15). On April 1, 2020, the Company changed the designation of the interest rate swaps from cash flow hedges to non-designated hedging instruments as the swaps were no longer effective (as defined by GAAP). In connection with the new designation, the Company 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 net hedging loss before taxes after taxes). At September 30, 2020, accumulated OCI, including amounts reported as NCI, included a net hedging loss before taxes after taxes). Approximately of the net hedging loss reported in accumulated OCI at September 30, 2021 is expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. 
 The following table presents the balance sheet location and fair value of the Company s derivative instruments on a gross basis. The Company does not offset derivative assets and liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 The following table presents the components of the Company s net hedging loss on interest rate swaps which are included in Interest expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the net cash settlements paid on interest rate swaps. 
 Net loss amortized from accumulated OCI Total net hedging loss Cash settlements paid ) ) 

NOTE 14 
 NCI 
 and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Certain assets and liabilities, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15 
 Revolving Credit Facility Less: Current portion of long-term debt Debt issuance costs, net Unamortized discount Long-term debt 
 Assumption of Bridge Loan 
 On October 11, 2019, in connection with the IPO and the formation transactions, Post entered into a Bridge Facility Agreement (the Bridge Loan Facility and borrowed under the Bridge Loan Facility (the Bridge Loan ). Certain of Post s domestic subsidiaries (other than BellRing Inc. but including BellRing LLC and its domestic subsidiaries) guaranteed the Bridge Loan. 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing LLC entered into a Borrower Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Post and the administrative agent under the Bridge Loan Facility, under which (i) BellRing LLC became the borrower under the Bridge Loan and assumed all interest of thereunder, and Post and its subsidiary guarantors (other than BellRing LLC and its domestic subsidiaries) were released from all material obligations under the Bridge Loan, (ii) the domestic subsidiaries of BellRing LLC continued to guarantee the Bridge Loan, and (iii) BellRing LLC s obligations under the Bridge Loan became secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets (other than real property) of BellRing LLC and in substantially all of the assets (other than real property) of its subsidiary guarantors. BellRing LLC did not receive any of the proceeds of the Bridge Loan. On October 21, 2019, the Bridge Loan was repaid in full. See below for additional information. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing LLC entered into a credit agreement (as subsequently amended, the Credit Agreement which provides for a term B loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of (the Term B Facility and a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of (the Revolving Credit Facility ), with the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility to be made available to BellRing LLC in U.S. Dollars, Euros and Pounds Sterling. Letters of credit are available under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount of up to . Any outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility and Term B Facility must be repaid on or before October 21, 2024. 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing LLC borrowed the full amount under the Term B Facility and under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Term B Facility was issued at of par and BellRing LLC received from the Term B Facility and Revolving Credit Facility after accounting for the original issue discount of and paying investment banking and other fees of , which were deferred and are being amortized to interest expense over the terms of the loans. BellRing LLC used the proceeds, together with the net proceeds of the IPO that were contributed to it by BellRing Inc., (i) to repay in full the of borrowings under the Bridge Loan and all interest thereunder and related costs and expenses, (ii) to pay directly, or reimburse Post for, as applicable, all fees and expenses incurred by BellRing LLC or Post in connection with the IPO and the formation transactions, (iii) to reimburse Post for the amount of cash on BellRing LLC s balance sheet immediately prior to the completion of the IPO and (iv) for general corporate and working capital purposes, as well as to repay of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 basis points resulting in (A) for Eurodollar rate loans, an interest rate of the Eurodollar rate plus a margin of and (B) for base rate loans, an interest rate of the base rate plus a margin of , (ii) reduced the floor for the Eurodollar rate to , (iii) modified the Credit Agreement to address the anticipated unavailability of LIBOR (used to determine the interest rate for Eurodollar rate loans) as a reference interest rate and (iv) provided that if on or before August 26, 2021 BellRing LLC repaid the Term B Facility in whole or in part with the proceeds of new or replacement debt at a lower effective interest rate, or further amended the Credit Agreement to reduce the effective interest rate applicable to the Term B Facility, BellRing LLC would have paid a premium on the amount repaid or subject to the interest rate reduction. In connection with the Amendment, BellRing LLC paid debt refinancing fees of in 
 73 

Table of Contents or (b) the base rate determined by reference to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus per annum and (iii) the one-month Eurodollar rate plus per annum, in each case plus an applicable margin of for Eurodollar rate-based loans and for base rate-based loans. Subsequent to the Amendment, borrowings under the Term B Facility bear interest, at the option of BellRing LLC, at an annual rate equal to either (a) the Eurodollar rate or (b) the base rate determined by reference to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus per annum and (iii) the one-month Eurodollar rate plus per annum, in each case plus an applicable margin of for Eurodollar rate-based loans and for base rate-based loans. 
 The Term B Facility requires quarterly scheduled amortization payments of which began on March 31, 2020, with the balance to be paid at maturity on October 21, 2024. Interest was paid on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement) during each of the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. The Term B Facility contains customary mandatory prepayment provisions, including provisions for mandatory prepayment (a) from the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales and (b) of 75 of consolidated excess cash flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement) (which percentage will be reduced to 50 if the secured net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is less than or equal to :1.00 as of a fiscal year end). During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company repaid on its Term B Facility as a mandatory prepayment from fiscal 2020 excess cash flow, which was in addition to the scheduled amortization payments. The Company classified related to the estimated mandatory prepayment of fiscal 2021 excess cash flow in Current portion of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2021. The Company may prepay the Term B Facility at its option without penalty or premium, except as provided in the Amendment. The interest rate on the Term B Facility was and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at the option of BellRing LLC, at an annual rate equal to either the Eurodollar rate or the base rate (determined as described above) plus a margin, which initially was for Eurodollar rate-based loans and for base rate-based loans, and thereafter, will be determined by reference to the secured net leverage ratio, with the applicable margin for Eurodollar rate-based loans and base rate-based loans being (i) and , respectively, if the secured net leverage ratio is greater than or equal to :1.00, (ii) and , respectively, if the secured net leverage ratio is less than :1.00 and greater than or equal to :1.00 or (iii) and , respectively, if the secured net leverage ratio is less than :1.00. Facility fees on the daily unused amount of commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility initially accrued at the rate of per annum and thereafter, depending on BellRing LLC s secured net leverage ratio, will accrue at rates ranging from to per annum. There were no amounts drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021. The interest rate on the drawn portion of the Revolving Credit Facility was at September 30, 2020. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, BellRing LLC borrowed and under the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively, and repaid and under the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. The available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were outstanding letters of credit at September 30, 2021 or 2020. 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, BellRing LLC is required to comply with a financial covenant requiring it to maintain a total net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) not to exceed to 1.00, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The total net leverage ratio of BellRing LLC did not exceed this threshold as of September 30, 2021. 
 The Credit Agreement provides for potential incremental revolving and term facilities at BellRing LLC s request and at the discretion of the lenders or other persons providing such incremental facilities, in each case on terms to be determined, and also permits BellRing LLC to incur other secured or unsecured debt, in all cases subject to conditions and limitations on the amount as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Credit Agreement provides for customary events of default, including material breach of representations and warranties, failure to make required payments, failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants, failure to pay or default under certain other material indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, inability to pay debts, the occurrence of one or more unstayed or undischarged judgments in excess of , certain events under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the invalidity of any loan document, a change in control, and the failure of the collateral documents to create a valid and perfected first priority lien. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the maturity of the loans under the Credit Agreement may accelerate and the agent and lenders under the Credit Agreement may exercise other rights and remedies available at law or under the loan documents, including with respect to the collateral and guarantees of BellRing LLC s obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

As of September 30, 2021, expected principal payments on the Company s debt for the next five fiscal years were: 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 
 
 Estimated future interest payments on the Company s debt through its maturity date on October 21, 2024 are expected to be (with expected in fiscal 2022) based on the interest rates at September 30, 2021, scheduled amortization payments and estimated mandatory prepayment of fiscal 2021 excess cash flow. 
 
 NOTE 16 
 related to this matter that was included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other 
 The Company is subject to various other legal proceedings and actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, based upon the information presently known, the ultimate liability, if any, arising from such pending legal proceedings, as well as from asserted legal claims and known potential legal claims which are likely to be asserted, taking 
 75 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 17 
 years, provided, however, that the corporate governance and compensation committee of Post s board of directors may, in its discretion, grant awards with a longer term to participants who are located outside of the U.S. Subsequent to the IPO, BellRing employees were no longer eligible to receive new issuances of shares for stock-based compensation awards under the Post Long-Term Incentive Plans. The following disclosures reflect the details of the Post Long-Term Incentive Plans related solely to the BellRing employees who participate in such plans. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, total compensation cost for non-cash and cash stock-based compensation awards recognized was , and , respectively, and the related recognized deferred tax benefit for each of those years was , and , respectively. As of September 30, 2021, the total compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Post Stock Options 
 Information about Post stock options granted to BellRing employees is summarized in the following table. 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Outstanding at September 30, 2021 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2021 Exercisable at September 30, 2021 
 The fair value of each Post stock option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes Model. Post uses the simplified method for estimating a stock option term as it does not have sufficient historical stock options exercise experience upon which to estimate an expected term. The expected term is estimated based on the award s vesting period and contractual term. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility trends and other factors. The risk-free rate is the interpolated U.S. Treasury rate for a term equal to the expected term. The weighted-average assumptions and fair value for Post stock options granted to BellRing employees during the year ended September 30, 2019 are summarized in the table below. There were no Post stock options granted to BellRing employees during the years ended September 30, 2021 or 2020. 
 Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividends Fair value (per option) 
 There were no stock options exercised during each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at September 30, 2021 
 The grant date fair value of each Post RSU was determined based upon the closing price of Post s common stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair value of nonvested Post RSUs was , and at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The total vest date fair value of Post RSUs that vested during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. 
 Post Cash Settled Restricted Stock Units Post Cash RSUs 
 Information about Post Cash RSUs granted to BellRing employees is summarized in the following table. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Nonvested at September 30, 2021 
 At September 30, 2021, the nonvested Post Cash RSUs were valued at the greater of the closing price of Post s common stock or the grant price of . Cash used to settle Post Cash RSUs was for each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 BellRing Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Subsequent to the IPO, the Company s employees began participating in BellRing Inc. s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the BellRing Long-Term Incentive Plan ). On October 22, 2019, the Company registered shares of its Class A Common Stock on a Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, for issuance under the BellRing Long-Term Incentive Plan. Awards issued under the BellRing Long-Term Incentive Plan have a maximum term of years, provided, however, that the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee of BellRing Inc. s Board of Directors may, in its discretion, grant awards with a longer term to participants who are located outside of the U.S. At September 30, 2021 there were shares remaining to be issued for stock-based compensation awards under the BellRing Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, total compensation cost for BellRing s non-cash stock-based compensation awards recognized was and , respectively, and the related recognized deferred tax benefit was and , respectively. See Note 8 for discussion related to income taxes. As of September 30, 2021, the total compensation cost related to BellRing s non-vested awards not yet recognized was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Outstanding at September 30, 2021 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2021 Exercisable at September 30, 2021 
 The fair value of each BellRing stock option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes Model. BellRing uses the simplified method for estimating a stock option term as it does not have sufficient historical stock options exercise experience upon which to estimate an expected term. The expected term is estimated based on the award s vesting period and contractual term. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility trends and other factors. The risk-free rate is the interpolated U.S. Treasury rate for a term equal to the expected term. The weighted-average assumptions and fair values for BellRing stock options granted during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized in the table below. There were no BellRing stock options granted during the year ended September 30, 2019. 
 Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividends Fair value (per option) 
 BellRing Restricted Stock Units BellRing RSUs 
 Information about BellRing RSUs is summarized in the following table. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at September 30, 2021 
 The grant date fair value of each BellRing RSU was determined based upon the closing price of the Class A Common Stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair value of nonvested BellRing RSUs was and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total vest date fair value of BellRing RSUs that vested during fiscal 2021 was . No BellRing RSUs vested during fiscal 2020. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 18 
 share of Class B Common Stock, all of its BellRing LLC units and cash to New BellRing in exchange for all of the then-outstanding equity of New BellRing and New BellRing indebtedness (the Separation ). New BellRing will convert into a Delaware corporation, and Post will then distribute at least of its shares of New BellRing common stock to Post shareholders in a pro-rata distribution, an exchange offer or a combination of both, depending on market conditions. Upon completion of the distribution of New BellRing common stock to Post shareholders (the Distribution ), Merger Sub will merge with and into BellRing Inc. (the Merger ), with BellRing Inc. as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New BellRing. Pursuant to the Merger, each outstanding share of Class A Common Stock will be converted into share of New BellRing common stock plus a to-be-determined amount of cash per share. The exact cash consideration will be determined in accordance with the Transaction Agreement based upon several factors, including the amount of New BellRing indebtedness to be issued. Immediately following the Distribution and Merger, it is expected that Post will own no more than of the New BellRing common stock and the Post shareholders will own at least of the New BellRing common stock. Legacy Class A common stockholders will own approximately of the New BellRing common stock, maintaining their current effective ownership interest in the Company. The Transaction Agreement also contemplates that Post and New BellRing will enter into certain customary ancillary agreements in connection with the consummation of the Merger. Completion of the transactions is anticipated to occur in the first calendar quarter of 2022, subject to certain customary closing conditions, although there can be no assurance that the transactions will occur within the expected timeframe or at all. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO of the Company, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2021. Based on that evaluation, our Executive Chairman, CEO and CFO concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 As of September 30, 2021, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based upon the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on management s assessment utilizing these criteria, our management concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Based on management s evaluation, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information under the headings Election of Directors, Corporate Governance - Board Meetings and Committees, Corporate Governance - Nomination Process for Election of Directors, and Security Ownership of Certain Stockholders - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the year ended September 30, 2021 (the 2022 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 Information regarding executive officers of the Company is included in the Information about our Executive Officers section under Business in Item 1 of this report. 
 The Company has adopted a code of ethics, our Code of Conduct, applicable to our directors, officers and employees, which sets forth the Company s expectations for the conduct of business by our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Conduct is available on the Company s website at www.bellring.com. In the event the Company amends the Code of Conduct or waivers of compliance are granted and it is determined that such amendments or waivers are subject to the disclosure provisions of Item 5.05 of Form 8-K, the Company will post such amendments or waivers on its website or in a report on Form 8-K. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item, appearing under the headings Compensation of Officers and Directors, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee Report in the 2022 Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. The information contained in Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee Report in the 2022 Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to the liabilities of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item, appearing under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Stockholders and Compensation of Officers and Directors - Equity Compensation Plan Information in the 2022 Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item, appearing under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance - Director Independence and Role of the Independent Lead Director in the 2022 Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item, appearing under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the 2022 Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Documents filed as a part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements . The following are filed as a part of this document under Item 8. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules . None. Schedules not included have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits . See the following Exhibit Index. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BellRing Brands, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of BellRing Brands, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2021 
 4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate of BellRing Brands, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on September 20, 2019) 
 4.2 Description of Company s Registered Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on November 22, 2019) 
 10.1 Master Transaction Agreement, dated October 7, 2019, by and among Post Holdings, Inc., BellRing Brands, Inc. and BellRing Brands, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on October 11, 2019) 
 10.2 Employee Matters Agreement, dated October 21, 2019, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc., BellRing Brands, LLC and Post Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 10.3 Investor Rights Agreement, dated October 21, 2019, between BellRing Brands, Inc. and Post Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 10.4 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BellRing Brands, LLC, dated October 21, 2019, by and among BellRing Brands, LLC, BellRing Brands, Inc. and Post Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 10.5 Tax Matters Agreement, dated October 21, 2019, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc., BellRing Brands, LLC and Post Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 10.6 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated October 21, 2019, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc., BellRing Brands, LLC and Post Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 10.7 Master Services Agreement, dated October 21, 2019, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc., BellRing Brands, LLC and Post Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 
 10.8 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 10.9 BellRing Brands, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on October 7, 2019) 
 10.10 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2019, by and among BellRing Brands, LLC, the institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders, Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and BMO Capital Markets Corp., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.,UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as co-managers, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 10.14 BellRing Brands, Inc. Senior Management Bonus Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2019) 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2019) 
 10.16 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2019) 
 10.17 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2019) 
 10.18 
 Master Supply Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2019, by and between Premier Nutrition Company, LLC and Fonterra (USA) Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2020) 
 10.19 
 Master Purchase Commitment, dated as of December 3, 2019, by and between Premier Nutrition Company, LLC and Fonterra (USA) Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2020) 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No Description 10.20 Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, dated as of January 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2020) 
 10.21 Executive Severance Plan, dated as of January 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2020) 
 10.22 
 Stremick Heritage Foods, LLC and Premier Nutrition Corporation Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2017, as amended June 11, 2018, October 1, 2018 and July 3, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on September 20, 2019) 
 10.23 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2020, by and among BellRing Brands, LLC and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2020) 
 10.24 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2021, by and among BellRing Brands, LLC, the institutions party thereto as 2021 Refinancing Term Lenders, each Revolving Credit Lender, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent, and the subsidiary guarantors of BellRing Brands, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2021) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (Included under Signatures) 
 31.1 Certification of Robert V. Vitale pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated November 19, 2021 
 31.2 Certification of Darcy H. Davenport pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated November 19, 2021 
 31.3 Certification of Paul A. Rode pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated November, 19, 2021 
 32.1 Certification of Robert V. Vitale, Darcy H. Davenport and Paul A. Rode, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated November 19, 2021 
 101 Interactive Data File (Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 filed in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language)). The financial information contained in the iXBRL-related documents is unaudited and unreviewed. 
 104 The cover page from the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and contained in Exhibit 101 

These exhibits constitute management contracts, compensatory plans and arrangements. Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, BellRing Brands, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. Date: November 19, 2021 By: /s/ Darcy H. Davenport Darcy H. Davenport President and Chief Executive Officer 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Paul A. Rode and Craig L. Rosenthal, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Robert V. Vitale Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors (Co-Principal Executive Officer) November 19, 2021 Robert V. Vitale /s/ Darcy H. Davenport President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Co-Principal Executive Officer) November 19, 2021 Darcy H. Davenport /s/ Paul A. Rode Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) November 19, 2021 Paul A. Rode /s/ Thomas P. Erickson Director November 19, 2021 Thomas P. Erickson /s/ Jennifer Kuperman Johnson Director November 19, 2021 Jennifer Kuperman Johnson /s/ Chonda J. Nwamu Director November 19, 2021 Chonda J. Nwamu /s/ Elliot H. Stein, Jr. Director November 19, 2021 Elliot H. Stein, Jr. 

85 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 brbrfy2021ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Formation Active Nutrition International GmbH Germany BellRing Brands, LLC Delaware Dymatize Enterprises, LLC Delaware Premier Nutrition Company, LLC Delaware Supreme Protein, LLC Delaware TA DEI-A Acquisition Corp. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 brbrfy2021ex231.htm
 CONSENT OF PWC

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-238306, No. 333-237494, No. 333-234290) of BellRing Brands, Inc. of our report dated November 19, 2021 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 November 19, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brbrfy2021ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Robert V. Vitale, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2021 By s Robert V. Vitale Robert V. Vitale Executive Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brbrfy2021ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Darcy H. Davenport, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2021 By s Darcy H. Davenport Darcy H. Davenport President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 brbrfy2021ex313.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 
 Certification pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Paul A. Rode, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2021 By s Paul A. Rode Paul A. Rode Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 brbrfy2021ex321.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned, the Executive Chairman of BellRing Brands, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 19, 2021 By s Robert. V. Vitale Robert V. Vitale Executive Chairman 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BellRing Brands, Inc. and will be retained by BellRing Brands, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Certification Pursuant to 
 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer of BellRing Brands, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 19, 2021 By s Darcy H. Davenport Darcy H. Davenport President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BellRing Brands, Inc. and will be retained by BellRing Brands, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Certification Pursuant to 
 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of BellRing Brands, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 19, 2021 By s Paul A. Rode Paul A. Rode Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BellRing Brands, Inc. and will be retained by BellRing Brands, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 brbr-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 brbr-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 brbr-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 brbr-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 brbr-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

