<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211215_10-K_edgar_data_1589526_0001589526-21-000140.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13469973</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>336375</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2739341</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4215392</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3209526</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2738903</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001589526-21-000140.hdr.sgml : 20211215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211215160316
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001589526-21-000140
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211002
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Bird Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001589526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCK & BUS BODIES [3713]
		IRS NUMBER:				463891989
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1002

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36267
		FILM NUMBER:		211494238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3920 ARKWRIGHT ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			MACON
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		478-822-2801

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3920 ARKWRIGHT ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			MACON
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001589526-21-000140.txt : 20211215

10-K
 1
 blbd-20211002.htm
 10-K

blbd-20211002 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 At April 3, 2021, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing sales price of 26.75 as reported on The NASDAQ Global Market on April 1, 2021. For the purpose of this response, executive officers, directors, and holders of 10 or more of the registrant s common stock are considered to be affiliates of the registrant at that date. 
 
 At December 10, 2021, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s 0.0001 par value common stock. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

BLUE BIRD CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 2. Properties 
 22 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4. M ine Safety D isclosures 
 22 
 PART II 
 23 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 23 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 
 50 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 51 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 77 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 77 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 78 
 PART III 
 79 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 79 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 79 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 79 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 79 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 79 
 PART IV 
 80 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 83 
 SIGNATURES 
 84 

PART I 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report of Blue Bird Corporation Blue Bird or the Company contains forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Report to we, us and our are to the consolidated business of the Company. All statements in this Report, including those made by the management of the Company, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management s estimates, projections and assumptions as of the date hereof and include the assumptions that underlie such statements. Forward-looking statements may contain words such as may, will, should, could, would, expect, plan, estimate, project, forecast, seek, target, anticipate, believe, predict, potential and continue, the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements regarding the Company s future financial results, research and trial results, regulatory approvals, operating results, business strategies, projected costs, products, competitive positions, management s plans and objectives for future operations, and industry trends. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for our business. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating to: 
 
 the future financial performance of the Company; 
 negative changes in the market for Blue Bird products; 
 expansion plans and opportunities; 
 challenges or unexpected costs related to manufacturing; 
 future impacts from the novel coronavirus pandemic known as "COVID-19," and any other pandemics, public health crises, or epidemics, on capital markets, manufacturing and supply chain abilities, consumer and customer demand, school system operations, workplace conditions, and any other unexpected impacts, which could include, among other effects: 
 disruption in global financial and credit markets; 
 supply shortages and supplier financial risk, especially from our single-source suppliers impacted by the pandemic; 
 negative impacts to manufacturing operations or the supply chain from shutdowns or other disruptions in operations; 
 negative impacts on capacity and/or production in response to changes in demand due to the pandemic, including possible cost containment actions; 
 financial difficulties of our customers impacted by the pandemic; 
 reductions in market demand for our products due to the pandemic; and 
 potential negative impacts of various actions taken by federal, state and/or local governments in response to the pandemic. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Report (or, in the case of forward-looking statements incorporated herein by reference, as of the date of the applicable filed document), and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different than those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Any expectations based on these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other important factors, including those discussed in this Report, particularly the sections titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Other risks and uncertainties are and will be disclosed in the Company s prior and future SEC filings. The following information should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included in this Report. 

Available Information 
 
 We are subject to the reporting and information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as a result are obligated to file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We make these filings available free of charge on our website (http://www.blue-bird.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Information on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains our annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy and information statements, and other information we electronically file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 
 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 
 The Company (formerly Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp.) was incorporated in Delaware on September 24, 2013 as a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC. On February 24, 2015, the Company consummated a business combination (the Business Combination ), pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of School Bus Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation School Bus Holdings or SBH from The Traxis Group, B.V. (the Seller ). The total purchase price was paid in a combination of cash in the amount of 100.0 million and 12,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value (the Common Stock ), valued at 120.0 million. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company changed its name from Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. to Blue Bird Corporation. Unless expressly stated otherwise in this Report, Blue Bird Corporation shall be referred to as "Blue Bird," the "Company," "we," "our" or "us," and includes its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 In May 2016, the Seller, ASP BB Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ASP ), and the Company, entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Seller agreed to sell the 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company owned by Seller (the Transaction Shares to ASP. ASP acquired 7,000,000 Transaction Shares at an initial closing on June 3, 2016 for an amount in cash equal to 10.10 per share and 5,000,000 Transaction Shares at a second closing on June 8, 2016 for an amount in cash equal to 11.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 125.7 million. There were no proceeds to the Company from this transaction. 
 
 The following discussion of our business describes the business historically operated by School Bus Holdings and its subsidiaries under the Blue Bird name as an independent enterprise prior to the Business Combination and as subsidiaries of Blue Bird Corporation (formerly Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp.) after the Business Combination. 
 
 The periodic reports filed by us with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our website: http://investors.blue-bird.com . This includes Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports. Section 16 filings made with the SEC by any of our executive officers or directors with respect to our Common Stock also are made available free of charge through our website. We post each of these documents on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after it is electronically filed with the SEC. Our reports filed with the SEC may also be found at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . The Company s Common Stock is traded on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol BLBD. 
 
 The corporate governance information on our website includes our Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Conduct and Ethics and the Charters for each of the Committees of our Board of Directors. Any amendments to our Code of Ethics or waivers granted to our directors and executive officers will be posted on our corporate website. 
 
 In addition to the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021 2021 Form 10-K Report or Report ), information about our Company can be found at http://investors.blue-bird.com , including extensive information about our management team, our products and our corporate governance. 
 
 The foregoing information regarding content on our website is for convenience only and is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Report or filed with the SEC. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are the leading independent designer and manufacturer of school buses, with more than 585,000 buses sold since our formation in 1927. 
 
 We review and present our business in two operating segments, which are also our reportable segments: (i) the Bus segment, which involves the design, engineering, manufacture and sales of school buses and extended warranties; and (ii) the Parts segment, which includes the sale of replacement bus parts. Financial information is reported on the basis that it is used internally by the chief operating decision maker CODM in evaluating segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources to segments. The President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company has been identified as the CODM. Management evaluates the segments based primarily upon revenues and gross profit. Refer to Note 11, Segment Information , to the Company s consolidated financial statements for additional financial information regarding our reportable segments including the primary geographic areas in which we earn revenues. 
 
 Throughout this Report, we refer to the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021 as fiscal 2021, the fiscal year ended October 3, 2020 as fiscal 2020 and the fiscal year ended September 28, 2019 as fiscal 2019. There were 52 weeks in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2019, and there were 53 weeks in fiscal 2020. 
 
 2 

Our performance in recent years has been driven by the implementation of repeatable processes focused on product initiatives, continuous improvement of both competitiveness and manufacturing flexibility, and lowering our cost of capital, as described below: 
 
 1. Alternative Power Initiatives We believe Blue Bird is the clear leader in alternative powered school buses (defined as buses that do not operate on diesel fuel) and we continue to introduce new products to support growing consumer demand for these products. 
 
 Propane In fiscal 2012, we entered into our exclusive relationship with Ford Motor Company and Roush Clean Tech to offer propane powered Type C school buses. We have continued to lead the industry with this offering. 
 We launched the industry s first .05g/bhp-hr nitrogen oxide ("NOx") propane engine in fiscal 2017. This engine operates four times cleaner than the current emission standard and is significantly better for the environment than competitors' published offerings. 
 We launched the industry s first .02g/bhp-hr NOx propane engine in August 2018. This engine complies with Ultra Low NOx classification and has an emissions level at 10 of the current standard and competitive offerings. 
 
 Compressed Natural Gas ("CNG") Blue Bird was the first Original Equipment Manufacturer ("OEM") to introduce a CNG powertrain for the Rear Engine Type D bus using Cummins Westport technology. In 2016, we launched a new CNG product using a Ford engine and transmission and a Roush Clean Tech fuel delivery system to provide CNG in a Type C bus. 
 
 Electric Blue Bird is the first major school bus manufacturer to market, and presently the clear leader in, electric bus sales among all major OEMs. We have partnered with Cummins, one of our long-standing engine suppliers, to design and develop our electric vehicle offering. We offer electric solutions in both our Type C and Type D buses and commenced delivery to customers in fiscal 2018. With demand and interest growing quickly, we have taken, and will continue to take, actions to expand our electric vehicle production capacity. 
 
 Gasoline In fiscal 2016, we re-introduced gasoline engines in school buses, again using a Ford engine and transmission and a Roush Clean Tech fuel delivery. This product has been successful and continues to grow the Blue Bird customer base. 
 
 2. Diesel Blue Bird works closely with Cummins on diesel engines, which continue to be the power source for the majority of school buses sold. 
 
 3. Product Initiatives We continue to update and improve our products. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we successfully launched the all-new, Ford 7.3L V8 engine in our gasoline and propane powered offerings. 
 
 4. Manufacturing and Process Initiatives We have commenced a number of initiatives to continue to build customer loyalty, reduce costs, and enhance competitiveness. 
 
 We launched our state-of-the-art 60,000 square foot paint facility in July 2019. Using robotic technology, the paint facility is designed to paint a bus three times faster than can be done manually, with a higher paint transfer rate and consistent, outstanding coverage. In keeping with Blue Bird's going green, the facility features a zero-to-landfill design. All paint over spray is captured, dried and sent to a power generation plant to be used as fuel. 
 
 We contracted with industry leaders to revise our production techniques in our plant. The result was a material increase in our electric powered bus capacity and the ability to transition to one operating shift from two, and still meet demand for the production of our buses during our peak manufacturing times. The single-shift operation was successfully run throughout fiscal 2021. 
 
 We commenced an initiative with industry leaders to make structural reductions in cost on existing and future products to enhance our cost competitiveness. 
 
 5. Access to Capital We refinanced our term debt on substantially better terms in December 2016 (the "Credit Agreement"). Since then, the Credit Agreement has been amended on four different occasions and as of the date of this filing, provides total revolving commitments of 110.0 million. Additional details and discussion of these amendments can be found in the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Report. 
 3 

On December 15, 2021, we issued and sold through a private placement an aggregate 4,687,500 shares of our common stock at 16.00 per share. The 75.0 million of net proceeds that we received from this transaction may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions, investments in technologies or businesses, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Refer to Note 19, Subsequent Events , to the Company s consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding this transaction. 
 
 Additionally, on November 16, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 that allows the Company to sell up to 200.0 million in the aggregate of any combination of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, debt securities and/or units from time to time in one or more offerings. 
 
 Our management believes that Blue Bird is in a leading position in the industry due to our range of alternative power offerings and our strong diesel offering. We believe that our alternative power options will continue to capture market share in the industry as customers realize benefits on the total cost of ownership and as the adoption of green technology gains traction. Furthermore, we believe that our product, process, and manufacturing initiatives are appropriately aligned with our long-term objectives. 
 
 As a result of the concentration of Blue Bird s sales in the school bus industry in the United States of America ("U.S.") and Canada, our operations are affected by national, state, and local economic and political factors that impact spending for public and, to a lesser extent, private education. Unlike the discretionary portion of school budgets, the offering of school bus services is typically viewed as a mandatory part of the public infrastructure across the U.S. and Canada, ensuring that funding for new school buses receives some level of priority in all economic climates. All 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the 13 Canadian Provinces have fleets of school buses in operation. 
 
 Bus Segment 
 
 Our buses are sold through an extensive network of 50 U.S. and Canadian dealers that, in their territories, are exclusive to our Company on Type C and Type D school buses. We also sell directly to major fleet operators, the U.S. Government, state governments and authorized dealers in a number of foreign countries. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, we sold 6,679 buses throughout the world. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for discussion of our unit volumes. 
 
 Approximately 94 of our buses sold in fiscal 2021 were sold through distributors and dealers. The Company holds no equity or control position in any of the distributors or dealers. 
 
 We design, engineer, manufacture, and sell three types of buses: (i) Type C school buses, (ii) Type D school buses, and (iii) specialty buses. Each of our Type C and Type D buses is manufactured and assembled on its own dedicated purpose-built chassis in Fort Valley, Georgia. Regardless of specifications, all school bus bodies that we manufacture include our signature 14-gauge one-piece steel bows roof system, complemented by a rugged and sturdy floor structure. 
 
 Specialty buses include school buses that are converted to suit applications required by the U.S. Government, state and local governments, and various customers for commercial and export markets. 
 
 The Blue Bird Micro Bird by Girardin Type A bus is produced through Micro Bird Holdings, Inc., an unconsolidated Canadian joint venture with Girardin Minibus JV Inc. Micro Bird ), and is sold through our dealer network. This is a smaller bus than the Type C or Type D bus and is produced on a traditional chassis provided by either Ford or GM or on an electric chassis provided by a smaller supplier. 
 
 Parts Segment 
 
 Parts are key for routine maintenance, replacement of parts that are damaged in service, and replacement of parts that suffer from wear and tear throughout the useful life of the vehicle. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, parts sales represented 8.6 of Company net sales. 
 
 We maintain a parts distribution center in Delaware, Ohio that fills demand for our Company specific and all-makes parts. Additional demand for parts is fulfilled by drop ship and direct sales. To fulfill demand for parts that are not maintained at the distribution center, we are linked to approximately 40 suppliers that ship directly to dealers and independent service centers. 
 
 Our 50 dealers have approximately 250 parts and service locations across the U.S. and Canada, the majority of which are owned by independent operators, to complement their primary locations. Field service engineers provide technical support to our dealer network. 
 4 

At the end of fiscal 2021, service engineers had an average of over 25 years of experience with our Company and are strategically placed throughout the U.S. and Canada to better serve both dealers and end-customers. The network leverages our parts inventory, technical training, and online warranty network to address customer service needs. 
 
 Our Industry 
 
 The school bus serves a critical role in the U.S. and Canadian education systems. In normal non-pandemic years, approximately half of the U.S. student population rides a school bus. School buses are distinguished from other types of buses by design characteristics associated with increased safety as mandated by federal, state, and municipal regulations. 
 
 Our management has developed a forecasting model using R.L. Polk vehicle registration data, population of school age children forecasts from the National Center for Education Statistics and bus ridership data collected and published by School Transportation News. Our management utilizes this and other models to assess historical experience and to predict demand for school buses in future periods. The ability to purchase new buses to fulfill predicted demand, however, is based on the assumption that funds will be available through property taxes and other state and federal sources. 
 
 The U.S. and Canadian school bus industry for Type C and Type D buses has averaged approximately 30,800 unit sales annually between 1985 and 2021. Unit sales for fiscal 2021 are projected to be about 27,800, a decrease of 2.5 when compared with fiscal 2020, primarily due to a combination of school closures and supply chain constraints, both resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Source: Historical registration data are based on R.L. Polk vehicle registration data. 
 
 The low point in the industry occurred in 2011, at approximately 23,800 units, and was the result of the decline in the U.S. economy and, in particular, the collapse of the housing market in 2008 and 2009. Property taxes are the primary source of funds for school bus purchases and were impacted in the 2010-2011 period as a result of the substantial recession in the U.S. economy in general, and housing market in particular, preceding and during that period. 
 
 The school bus industry fully recovered from the downturn in 2010-2011 and from 2016 to 2019 had been operating at levels approximately 10 higher than the long-term average, supported by positive demographic trends, pent-up demand from several years of below-trend bus sales, and a growing tax base for education-related spending. In 2020, countermeasures taken to battle the COVID-19 pandemic included virtual and hybrid schooling in many jurisdictions throughout the U.S. and Canada. The uncertainty of when and how schools would open materially affected the Type C and Type D school bus industry in 2020 and continued into the early part of 2021. However, demand for Type C and Type D school buses strengthened substantially throughout 2021 as COVID-19 vaccines were administered and many school jurisdictions returned to in-person learning environments. Nonetheless, the ongoing 
 5 

impact of the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in supply chain shortages for certain components, such as microchips and products containing resins, that are critical to the manufacture of school buses, which depressed sales during fiscal 2021, particularly in periods that have historically been higher volume months resulting from seasonality. We expect that for so long as these significant supply chain challenges continue, the Company could continue to struggle producing sufficient units to meet the strong current demand for school buses, thereby making historical seasonality unpredictable. 
 
 Our management believes, based on our models, that Type C and Type D school bus registrations will return to a similar level as has been experienced over recent pre-pandemic years (2016-2019) once the supply chain constraints are addressed. We believe that (i) since the start of the pandemic, the industry has been operating below its historical long-term average of approximately 30,800 unit sales per year, (ii) there are over 175,000 buses in the U.S. and Canadian fleets that have been in service for 15 or more years, and (iii) the population of school age children is increasing. 
 
 Local property and municipal tax receipts are key drivers of school district transportation budgets. Budgets for school bus purchases are directly related to property tax receipts, which are projected to continue a recovery that began in 2012. Home prices have continued to climb during the pandemic as home-buyers have taken advantage of low mortgage rates and thus, put additional pressure on housing inventories. The forecast for continued appreciation in housing prices due to the national shortage of homes is expected to have a positive effect on property tax receipts in the near-term, and school transportation budgets are expected to directly benefit from larger municipal spending budgets. We believe that incremental demand may be achieved as a result of (i) the average age of a school bus in service and (ii) an increased student population (based on information from the most recent National Center of Education Studies Projection of Education Statistics , we expect total student enrollment in the U.S. to increase by 2 , or 1 million students, from 2016 to 2028). 
 
 In addition to strong property tax collections, additional funding for school buses is being made available in connection with the Volkswagen ("VW") settlement with the U.S. Government in regard to emissions violations. Of the 14.7 billion in settlement funds, 2.9 billion was allocated to the VW Diesel Emissions Environmental Mitigation Trust for state government projects to reduce NOx output from ten categories; school buses are one of the ten categories. Nearly 440 million of the 2.9 billion has been awarded thus far and many more millions are under review by state agencies but are not yet publicly available. Of the 440 million awarded, approximately 160 million has been issued to school bus projects and several states are continuing and/or increasing their focus on similar projects. Given the historical trend and future projections, we expect as much as 1 billion in additional VW settlement funds may ultimately be allocated, or have a high probability of allocation, to the purchases of "cleaner running" school buses through 2028. 
 
 Beyond the VW funds, traditional grant programs are expected to continue, including the U.S Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") National Clean Diesel Program and its various state versions. These are valuable programs for potential propane and CNG engine platform sales, as annual budgets for these programs usually range from 40.0 to 100.0 million. Additionally, in November 2020, the Bezos Earth Fund awarded a grant of 100 million, to be disbursed over a five-year period, to the World Resources Institute, a global research organization that focuses on climate initiatives, among others. A portion of this grant will be used to accelerate the adoption of zero emission school buses in the U.S. 
 Finally, in mid-November 2021, the U.S. Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ("IIJA") was signed into law. The IIJA allocates 5 billion of federal funds to help local school jurisdictions purchase alternative powered school buses over the next five years. Specifically, 2.5 billion of the funds are allocated for the purchase of electric powered buses, while the remaining 2.5 billion of funds are allocated for the purchase of other "cleaner running" school buses, a relatively broad category that generally includes buses that are powered by propane and CNG. 
 We believe our leadership in alternative power options, coupled with this external funding, provides a strong foundation to continue to increase sales of our propane, gasoline, CNG and electric powered bus platforms. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe that our competitive strengths are derived from the following factors: 
 
 Reputation for safety, product quality/reliability/durability, and drivability . Our longevity and reputation in the school bus industry have made us an iconic American brand. We are the only principal manufacturer with chassis and body production specifically designed for school bus applications and the only school bus company to offer compliance with industry recognized safety tests - Altoona Testing, Colorado Rack Test and the Kentucky Pole Test - as a standard specification across our entire product line. 
 
 Alternative powered bus leadership . We believe we are the market leader in electric, propane, gasoline, and CNG powered buses, having sold approximately 67 of all alternative powered school buses from fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2021, we sold 3,358 propane, gasoline, CNG, and electric powered buses, a decrease of 21 when compared with the prior year, primarily caused by supply chain constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 6 

Innovative product leadership . We believe we have consistently led the school bus industry with innovative product leadership through several industry firsts, including the first Type D CNG powered school bus, the first unique school bus chassis, and the first OEM-manufactured propane powered bus. In fiscal 2016, years ahead of our competition, we launched the industry's first gasoline powered Type C bus (utilizing an exclusive Ford and Roush CleanTech powertrain) and we were first-to-market with Electronic Stability Control. Also in 2016, we launched a new CNG powered product using a Ford engine and transmission and a Roush Clean Tech fuel delivery system in a Type C bus. In fiscal 2018, we sold our first Type D electric vehicles and in fiscal 2019 we introduced our Type C electric vehicle. In fiscal 2021, we sold 146 Type C and Type D electric vehicles. 
 
 Strong distribution model . We have built an extensive, experienced network of 50 dealers to distribute our buses across the U.S. and Canada, and during recent years have significantly enhanced our relationships with large fleet operators. Our dealers have an average tenure of more than 30 years with us and do not sell competing Type C or Type D school bus products in the areas assigned to them by us. 
 
 Highly-skilled and committed workforce . We benefit from a highly-skilled, committed hourly workforce of approximately 1,508 employees who support our customized assembly operations at our 900,000 square foot integrated chassis manufacturing and body assembly facility and 340,000 square foot component fabrication facility. Our employees are trained to maximize production efficiency by following customized processes developed by us. 
 
 Strong management team . We are led by a highly experienced and committed management team with an established track record in the U.S. and Canadian school bus and heavy-duty vehicle industries. 
 
 Sales Volume 
 
 In fiscal 2021, we sold 6,679 Type C and Type D buses, including 6,348 school buses, 156 commercial buses, 9 export buses and 166 Government Services Administration ("GSA") buses. Our Type C school bus accounted for 78 of unit sales and our Type D school bus accounted for 17 of unit sales. Commercial, GSA and export buses, which can be ordered with either the Type C or Type D chassis, accounted for the remaining 5 of unit sales. 
 
 Our Dealer Network 
 
 In fiscal 2021, we sold approximately 94 of our vehicles through our U.S. and Canadian dealer network, currently consisting of 50 dealers that, in their territories, are exclusive to us with Type C and D school buses. School buses sold in the U.S. and Canada through our dealer network are purchased by school districts and private schools, as well as small and medium size contractors that provide services to school districts on a fee basis. Bus purchases and contractor fees are funded through local school district budgets. Purchases of school buses are typically made through a bid process at the district or state level, with dealers coordinating this process. Dealers develop collaborative relationships with school districts, district transportation directors, and key officials in their states. 
 
 Our dealers have access to financing through Blue Bird Capital Services BBCS ), a private-label financing product maintained by an independent third party, TCF Inventory Finance, Inc. We do not assume any balance sheet risk with respect to this type of financing and do not receive any direct economic benefit from BBCS. 
 
 Other Distribution Channels 
 
 Fleet Operators . We also sell school buses directly to large national fleets that span multiple states and such sales are managed internally by our National Account Sales Team. 
 
 Export Dealers . We regularly monitor opportunities to sell our Type C and Type D buses in either school bus or other configurations in international markets and typically sell these products through dealers assigned to those territories. 
 
 U.S. Government; Other Specialty Sales . We also sell buses through our U.S. GSA contract, an expedited procurement procedure designed to meet the needs of bus customers authorized to purchase through the GSA contracting offices, including the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Army, Homeland Security and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. This full line of bus models is configured for adult or school bus use. In addition to the base GSA specifications, we offer several additional configurations to provide a wide range of passenger capacities and optional features. We also offer a full line of activity bus and Multi-Function School Activity Bus MFSAB products. With varying vehicle sizes, capacities, power choices, and engine types, our bus options enable our customers to tailor their transportation solutions to their specific needs, be it transporting a church congregation or shuttling workers to job sites. 
 
 7 

Government Contracts 
 
 As a U.S. government contractor, we are subject to specific regulations and requirements as mandated by our contracts. These regulations include Federal Acquisition Regulations, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations, and the Code of Federal Regulations. We are also subject to routine audits and investigations by U.S. government agencies such as the Defense Contract Management Agency and Defense Contract Audit Agency. These agencies review and assess compliance with contractual requirements, cost structure, cost accounting, and applicable laws, regulations, and standards. 
 
 A portion of our existing U.S. government contracts extend over multiple years and are conditioned upon the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. In addition, our U.S. government contracts generally permit the contracting government agency to terminate the contract, in whole or in part, either for the convenience of the government or for default based on our failure to perform under the terms of the contract. 
 
 Suppliers 
 
 We purchase our engine and transmission components on a single-source basis from major OEM manufacturers with sophisticated engineering, production and logistics capabilities, as reflected in the table below: 
 Component OEM Supplier Diesel engines Cummins Inc. Diesel emissions kits Cummins Inc. Propane, gasoline, and CNG (Type C) engines and transmissions Ford Motor Company Diesel transmissions Allison Transmission Propane, gasoline, and CNG (Type C) fueling kits 
 Roush CleanTech 

Our purchasing department continually works to improve our purchasing processes by rationalizing the supplier base and by implementing improved control processes. We regularly perform supplier audits and, when necessary, will meet with under-performing suppliers in order to enhance performance. At October 2, 2021, we had in place long-term supply contracts (addressing both component price and supply) covering nearly 64 of the value of our purchases from suppliers, including long-term agreements with our major single-source suppliers. 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced significant supplier shortages of critical components, which has prevented the Company from initiating or completing, as applicable, the production process for certain units that were otherwise scheduled to be delivered to customers during fiscal 2021. For further details and discussion about the impact of COVID-19, refer to the "Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business" section of Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 
 Competition 
 
 The school bus industry is highly competitive. Our two principal competitors are Thomas Built Bus and IC Bus. Thomas Built Bus is a subsidiary of Daimler Trucks North America and IC Bus is a subsidiary of Navistar International. 
 
 We compete primarily on the basis of price, product diversification, school bus innovation, safety, quality, durability and drivability of our products, and the scope and strength of our dealer network. As our principal competitors are parts of larger corporations, our competitors may have greater access to financial capital, human resources, and business opportunities. Such access, in turn, may be used by such companies to compete with us and others in the industry. 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Macon, Georgia. Our Bus segment operates a fabrication plant and an integrated chassis manufacturing and body assembly plant in Fort Valley, Georgia, where components for Type C, Type D, and specialty buses are manufactured and assembled. Our Parts segment operates a parts distribution center located in Delaware, Ohio. We own our facilities in Fort Valley, Georgia (approximately 1.5 million square feet). We lease facilities in Macon, Georgia (approximately 0.3 million square feet) and Delaware, Ohio (approximately 0.1 million square feet). Our Micro Bird joint venture leases its facility (0.2 million square feet) in Drummondville, Quebec, Canada. 
 
 8 

Intellectual Property and Technology 
 
 We seek trademark protection in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. where available and when appropriate. Among other trademarks, we have registered trademark rights in the principal names and designs used by us and Micro Bird in the U.S., Canada and elsewhere. We use these registered marks in connection with all aspects of our branding. However, we also rely on a number of significant unregistered trademarks and other unregistered intellectual property in the day-to-day operation of our business. Without the protections afforded by registration, our ability to protect and use our trademarks and other unregistered intellectual property may be limited and could negatively affect our business. 
 
 In addition to trademarks, we rely heavily on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. For example, significant aspects of our product designs, manufacturing processes and cost containment steps are based on unpatented trade secrets and know-how. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, suppliers and other commercial partners. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data, designs and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our suppliers or contractors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our products must satisfy various legal, environmental, health and safety requirements at federal, state and municipal levels. Compliance with such requirements adds to the costs that must be incurred in order to manufacture a school bus. Failure to comply with such requirements could lead to substantial additional regulatory costs. 
 
 At the federal level, Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards FMVSS govern the safety of all motor vehicles sold for use in the U.S. More than half of the FMVSS regulations apply to school buses. For example, federal regulations require school buses to be painted school bus yellow and to be equipped with specific warning and safety devices. School buses are also built with the body on top of chassis frame rails. This so-called high floor construction moves the passenger compartment above the typical automotive crash zone and therefore provides an added measure of safety should a collision occur. Steel rollover cages and heavy-duty bumpers are designed to provide incremental protection, in contrast with standard transit buses with low floor construction that offer lower curb height access with limited or no steel reinforcement. 
 
 After a school bus is sold, regulation of the operation of the school bus becomes the responsibility of the state in which it operates. Today, each state has its own rules and regulations pertaining to the manufacture, design, operation and safety of the school buses operated in their jurisdictions. As a result, we cannot manufacture to a single set of specifications, but rather must assure that each manufactured bus conforms to the specifications of the particular jurisdiction in which it will be operated. 
 
 We must also consider the rules and regulations of foreign jurisdictions. In Canada, where our Micro Bird joint venture operates, school buses are governed by the Canadian Motor Vehicle Safety Regulations. These regulations are patterned after the FMVSS regulations, although differences do exist between the two regulatory systems. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Historically, our business has been highly seasonal with school districts buying their new school buses so that they will be available for use on the first day of the school year, typically in mid-August to early September. This has resulted in our third and fourth fiscal quarters becoming our two busiest quarters, the latter ending on the Saturday closest to September 30. Our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity have been and are likely to continue to be impacted by the seasonal patterns. Working capital has historically been a significant use of cash during the first fiscal quarter due to planned shutdowns and a significant source of cash generation in the fourth fiscal quarter. 
 
 With the COVID-19 pandemic impact on school systems and the uncertainty regarding (i) in-person schooling schedules and duration and (ii) the severity and duration of ongoing supply chain constraints, seasonality and working capital trends have become unpredictable. Accordingly, seasonality and variations from historical seasonality have impacted the comparison of working capital and liquidity results between fiscal periods. 
 9 

Environmental Matters 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment and health and safety, including those regulating the following: soil, surface water and groundwater contamination; the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of hazardous materials; the emission and discharge of materials, including greenhouse gases GHG into the environment; and the health and safety of our employees. We are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain operations. We have taken various steps to comply with these numerous and sometimes complex laws, regulations and permits. Compliance with environmental requirements historically has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. We have made, and will continue to make, capital and other expenditures pursuant to such requirements. If we violate or fail to comply with these requirements, we could be subject to fines, penalties, enforcement actions or lawsuits. 
 
 For additional information regarding potential environmental issues at Blue Bird s Fort Valley, Georgia facility, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risk Factors Relating to Our Business and Industry - Environmental obligations and liabilities could have a negative impact on our financial condition, cash flows and profitability." 
 
 Environmental laws, regulations, and permits and the enforcement thereof, change frequently and have become more stringent over time. Among other things, more rigorous GHG emission requirements are in various stages of development. For example, the U.S. EPA has promulgated the GHG Reporting Rule, which requires reporting of GHG data and other relevant information from large sources and suppliers in the U.S., and the GHG Tailoring Rule, which requires certain facilities with significant GHG emissions to obtain emissions permits under the authority of the Clean Air Act (typically limited to only the largest stationary sources of GHG). The U.S. Congress has also considered imposing additional restrictions on GHG emissions. Any additional regulation of GHG emissions by either the U.S. Congress and/or the U.S. EPA could include a cap-and-trade system, technology mandate, emissions tax, reporting requirement, or other program and could subject us to significant costs, including those relating to emission credits, pollution control equipment, monitoring, and reporting, as well as increased energy and raw material prices. 
 
 Our facilities and operations could in the future be subject to regulations related to climate change and climate change itself may also have some impact on the Company s operations. However, these impacts are currently uncertain and the Company cannot presently predict the nature and scope of those impacts. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Standards , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information on research and development. 
 
 Warranty 
 
 We provide warranties on virtually all of the buses and parts we sell. Warranties are offered for specific periods of time and mileage, and vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale. Pursuant to these warranties, we will repair, replace, or adjust certain parts on a bus that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship during the specified warranty period. In addition to the costs associated with this warranty coverage provided on our vehicles, we also incur costs as a result of field service actions (i.e., safety recalls and service bulletins), and customer satisfaction actions. Component suppliers, in particular major component suppliers such as engines and transmissions, provide warranties on their products. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are engaged in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. Although no assurances can be given about the final outcome of pending legal proceedings, at the present time our management does not believe that the resolution or outcome of any of our pending legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 
 
 Employees 
 
 At October 2, 2021, we employed 1,790 employees, of which 1,702 were full-time. Our workforce is non-union. 

10 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Report, including matters addressed in the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. We may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, which may also impair our business. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included in this Report. 
 
 Risk Factors Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 
 The current COVID-19 pandemic continues to have, and other public health crises, epidemics or pandemics could have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, particularly resulting from supply chain disruptions, reductions in demand for our products, disruptions or other developments negatively impacting our workforce or workplace conditions, and/or reduced access to capital markets and reductions in liquidity. 
 
 Beginning at the end of our second quarter of fiscal 2020 and continuing throughout fiscal 2021, the novel coronavirus known as "COVID-19" spread throughout the world, resulting in a global pandemic. The pandemic has, among other impacts: 
 
 negatively impacted demand for school buses due to schools operating totally or partially virtually; 
 
 triggered significant volatility in capital markets; 
 
 caused significant disruptions in global supply chains; 
 
 significantly altered global consumer demand; 
 
 halted a material number of global manufacturing operations resulting from permanent and temporary plant shut-downs; and 
 
 changed global workplace conditions resulting from "shelter-in-place" orders and "work from home" employer policies. 
 
 The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our future business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain, including but not limited to the duration, spread and severity of the pandemic, government responses and other actions to mitigate the spread of and to treat COVID-19, and when and to what extent more normal business, economic and social activity and conditions resume and continue without further disruption. We are similarly unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic will continue to impact our customers, suppliers and other partners and their financial conditions, but adverse effects on these parties would likely also adversely affect us. Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic makes it challenging for management to estimate the future performance of our business. 
 
 The pandemic materially impacted our fiscal 2021 results, causing, among other matters, lower customer orders for both buses and bus parts, primarily during the first half of the fiscal year; supply chain disruptions, which became more prevalent and had a much more significant, unfavorable impact on our operations and results in the second half of the fiscal year; higher rates of absenteeism among our hourly production workforce and several temporary shutdowns of our manufacturing facilities as a result of an inadequate supply of critical components to allow us to initiate or complete, as applicable, the production process to fulfill sales orders. The continuing development and fluidity of the pandemic and its trailing impact precludes any prediction as to the ultimate severity of the adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 
 At the present time, we consider the following areas to be the most significant material risks to our business resulting from the current pandemic: 
 
 Supply Chain Disruptions 
 
 We rely on specialist suppliers, some of which are single-source suppliers, for critical components (including but not limited to engines, transmissions and axles) and replacement of any of these components with like parts from another supplier normally requires engineering and testing resources, which entail costs and take time. We also currently rely on a limited number of single-source suppliers and/or have limited alternatives for important bus parts such as diesel engines and emission components, propane and gasoline engines including powertrains, control modules, steering systems, seats, specialty resins, and other key components. Our manufacturing facilities shutdowns during fiscal 2021 were partially due to an inability to obtain critical components from our 
 11 

suppliers. Future delays or interruptions in the supply chain due to the COVID-19 pandemic expose us to the following risks which would likely significantly increase our costs and/or impact our ability to meet customer demand: 
 
 we or our third-party suppliers may lose access to critical services and components, resulting in an interruption in the manufacture, assembly, and delivery or shipment of our products; 
 
 we or our third-party suppliers may not be able to respond to unanticipated changes in customer orders; 
 
 we or our suppliers may have excess or inadequate inventory of materials and components; 
 
 we or our third-party suppliers may be subject to price fluctuations due to the pandemic and a lack of long-term supply arrangements for key components; 
 
 we may experience delays in delivery by our third-party suppliers due to changes in demand from us or their other customers; 
 
 fluctuations in demand for products that our third-party suppliers manufacture for others may affect their ability or willingness to deliver components to us in a timely manner; 
 
 we may not be able to find new or alternative components or reconfigure our products and manufacturing processes in a timely manner if the necessary components become unavailable; and 
 
 our third-party suppliers may encounter financial hardships unrelated to our demand, which could inhibit their ability to fulfill our orders and meet our requirements. 
 
 Disruptions or other developments negatively impacting our workforce or workplace conditions 
 
 Almost all U.S. states, including Georgia where our headquarters and manufacturing facilities are located, have issued shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, executive orders and similar government orders, restrictions and recommendations for their residents to control the spread of COVID-19. These orders may continue to be re-issued in the future and may introduce broader restrictions. Such orders, restrictions and recommendations have resulted in widespread closures of businesses, work stoppages, interruptions, slowdowns and delays, work-from-home policies and travel restrictions. While our business has been deemed "essential" by the State of Georgia, we have employed remote work policies when and where necessary to be responsive to the health risks that may impact our employees. Given the nature of our business, we do not have the ability to manufacture a bus without our on-site manufacturing personnel. While we have not experienced any pervasive COVID-19 illnesses to date, if we were to experience some form of outbreak within our facilities, we would take all appropriate measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, which could include a temporary halt in production. Any extended production halt or diminution in production capacity would have a negative impact on our ability to fulfill orders and thus negatively impact our revenues, profitability and cash flows. 
 
 Reduced profitability and liquidity, resulting in the restructuring of our credit facilities, and/or inadequate access to credit and capital markets 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely impacted global commercial activity and has contributed to significant volatility in financial markets. The pandemic continues to have a materially adverse impact on economic and market conditions, potentially reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. 
 
 The continuing pandemic could cause a more severe contraction in our profits and/or liquidity which could lead to issues complying with the financial covenants in our credit facility. Our primary financial covenants are (i) for fiscal 2022, minimum consolidated EBITDA, which is an adjusted EBITDA metric that could differ from Adjusted EBITDA appearing in the Company s periodic filings on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q as the adjustments to the calculations are not uniform, at the end of each fiscal quarter for the consecutive four fiscal quarter period most recently then ending; (ii) for fiscal 2022 and through April 1, 2023, minimum liquidity at the end of each fiscal month; (iii) when applicable during fiscal 2022, minimum school bus units manufactured calculated on a three month trailing basis at the end of each fiscal month; and (iv) beginning in fiscal 2023 and thereafter, Total Net Leverage Ratio ("TNLR"), defined as the ratio of (a) consolidated net debt to (b) consolidated EBITDA. We may need to seek amendment for additional covenant relief or even refinance the debt to a "covenant light" or "no covenant" structure. We cannot assure our investors that we would be successful in amending or refinancing our existing debt. An amendment or refinancing of our existing debt could lead to higher interest rates and possible up front expenses than included in our historical financial statements. 
 
 12 

General economic conditions in the markets we serve have a significant impact on demand for our buses. 
 
 The school bus market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in the level of spending by municipalities. The principal factors underlying spending by municipalities are housing prices, property tax levels, municipal budgeting issues and voter initiatives. Demand for school buses is further influenced by overall acquisition priorities of municipalities, availability of school bus financing, student population changes, school district busing policies, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices and environmental regulations. Significant deterioration in the economic environment, housing prices, property tax levels or municipal budgets could result in fewer new orders for school buses or could cause customers to seek to postpone or reduce orders, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain critical components from suppliers, which could disrupt or delay our ability to deliver products to customers. 
 
 We rely on specialist suppliers for critical components (including engines, transmissions and axles) and replacement of any of these components with like parts from another supplier normally requires engineering and testing resources, which entail costs and take time. The lack of ready-to-implement alternatives could give such suppliers, some of which have substantial market power, significant leverage over us if these suppliers elected to exert their market power over us, which leverage could adversely impact the terms and conditions of purchase, including pricing, warranty claims and delivery schedules. We seek to mitigate supply chain risks with our key suppliers by entering into long-term agreements, by commencing contract negotiations with suppliers of critical components significantly before contract expiration dates, and by diversifying our suppliers of key components with contingency programs when possible. 
 
 If any of our critical component suppliers limit or reduce the supply of components due to commercial reasons, financial difficulties or other problems, we could experience a loss of revenues due to our inability to fulfill orders, as was the case in the second half of fiscal 2021. These single-source and other suppliers are each subject to quality and operational issues, materials shortages, unplanned demand, reduction in capacity and other factors that may disrupt the flow of goods to us or to our customers, which would adversely affect our business and customer relationships. 
 
 We have no assurance that our suppliers will continue to meet our requirements. If supply arrangements are interrupted, we may not be able to find another supplier on a timely or satisfactory basis. We may incur significant set-up costs, delays and lag time in manufacturing should it become necessary to replace any key suppliers. Our business interruption insurance coverage may not be adequate for any interruptions that we could encounter and may not continue to be available in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. Production delays could, under certain circumstances, result in penalties or liquidated damages in certain of our GSA contracts. 
 
 We rely substantially on single-source suppliers which could materially and adversely impact us if they were to interrupt the supply of component parts to us. 
 
 We currently rely on a limited number of single-source suppliers and/or have limited alternatives for important bus parts such as diesel engines and emission components, propane and gasoline engines including powertrains, control modules, air brakes, steering systems, seats, specialty resins, and other key components. Shortages and allocations by such manufacturers may result in inefficient operations and a build-up of inventory, which could negatively affect our working capital position, as was the case towards the end of fiscal 2021. 
 
 Our products may not achieve or maintain market acceptance or competing products could gain market share, which could adversely affect our competitive position. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive domestic market. Our principal competitors are Thomas Built Bus (owned by Daimler Trucks North America) and IC Bus (owned by Navistar International), which, at the consolidated level, have potential access to more technical, financial and marketing resources than our Company. Our competitors may develop or gain access to products that are superior to our products, develop methods of more efficiently and effectively providing products and services, or adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. IC Bus and Thomas Built Bus both sell electric and propane powered school buses. This brings both competitors into direct competition with our electric and propane powered product offerings. Our competitors may achieve cost savings or be able to withstand a substantial downturn in the market because their businesses are consolidated with other vehicle lines. In addition, our competitors could be, and have been in the past, vertically integrated by designing and manufacturing their own components (including engines) to reduce their costs. The school bus market does not have Buy America regulations, so competitors or new entrants to the market could manufacture school buses in more cost-effective jurisdictions and import them to the U.S. to compete with us. Any increase in competition may cause us to lose market share or compel us to reduce prices to remain competitive, which could result in reduced sales, profitability and cash flows. 
 
 13 

Our business is cyclical, which has had, and could have future, adverse effects on our sales and results of operations and lead to significant shifts in our results of operations from quarter to quarter that make it difficult to project long-term performance. 
 
 The school bus market historically has been and is expected to continue to be cyclical. This cyclicality has an impact both on the school bus industry and also on the comparative analysis of quarterly results of our Company. 
 
 Customers historically have replaced school buses in lengthy cycles. Moreover, weak macroeconomic conditions can adversely affect demand for new school buses and lead to an overall aging of school bus fleets beyond a typical replacement cycle. To the extent the increase in school bus demand is attributable to pent-up demand rather than overall economic growth, future school bus sales may lag behind improvements in general economic conditions or property tax levels. During downturns, we may find it necessary to reduce line rates and employee levels due to lower overall demand. An economic downturn may reduce, and in the past, including 2020, has reduced, demand for school buses, resulting in lower sales volumes, lower prices and decreased profits. 
 
 Primarily as a result of the historical seasonal nature of our business, we operate with negative working capital for significant portions of our fiscal year. During economic downturns, this tends to result in our utilizing a substantial portion of our cash reserves. 
 
 Our ability to sell our products may be negatively affected by trade policies and tariffs. 
 
 We import some of our components from China and other foreign countries. Our purchases may be subject to the effects of the U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and anti-dumping/countervailing duties on these components. We cannot assure you that our ability to sell our products at reasonable margins will not be impaired by the imposition of tariffs or other changes in trade policy which may make it more difficult or more expensive to purchase our products. 
 
 We enter into firm fixed-price school bus sales contracts without price escalation clauses which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if our costs increase. 
 
 We often bid on contracts weeks or months before school buses are delivered and enter into school bus sales contracts with fixed prices per bus. The sales contracts generally do not have an indexed price escalation formula to account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and the delivery date. As a result, we typically are unable to pass along increased costs due to economic fluctuations to our customers, which is generally expected to occur for sales occurring in the first half of fiscal 2022 and could continue into future periods. We generally purchase steel one quarter in advance, but because we usually do not hedge our other primary raw materials (rubber, aluminum and copper), changes in prices of raw materials can significantly impact operating margins. Our actual costs and any gross profit realized on these fixed-price contracts could vary from the estimated costs on which these contracts were originally based. 
 
 New laws, regulations or governmental policies regarding environmental, health and safety standards, or changes in existing ones, may have a significant negative impact on how we do business. 
 
 Our products must satisfy various legal, environmental, health and safety requirements, including applicable emissions and fuel economy requirements. Meeting or exceeding government-mandated safety standards can be difficult and costly. Such regulations are extensive and may, in certain circumstances, operate at cross purposes. While we are managing our product development and production operations to reduce costs, unique local, state, federal and international standards can result in additional costs for product development, testing and manufacturing. We depend on third party single-source suppliers to comply with applicable emissions and fuel economy standards in the manufacture of engines supplied to us for our buses. Increased environmental, safety, emissions, fuel economy or other regulations may result in additional costs and lag time to introduce new products to market. 
 
 Safety or durability incidents associated with a school bus malfunction may result in loss of school bus sales that could have material adverse effects on our business. 
 
 The school bus industry has few participants due to the importance of brand and reputation for safety and durability, compliance with stringent safety and regulatory requirements, an understanding of the specialized product specifications in each region and specialized technological and manufacturing know-how. If incidents associated with school bus malfunction transpired that called into question our reputation for safety or durability, it could harm our brand and reputation and cause consumers to question the safety, reliability and durability of our products. Lost school bus sales resulting from safety or durability incidents could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 14 

Disruption of our manufacturing and distribution operations would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We manufacture school buses at facilities in Fort Valley, Georgia and distribute parts from a distribution center located in Delaware, Ohio. If operations at our manufacturing or distribution facilities were to be disrupted for a significant length of time as a result of significant equipment failures, critical component shortages, natural disasters, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, labor disputes, cyber-attacks or other reasons, we may be unable to fulfill dealer or customer orders and otherwise meet demand for our products, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any interruption in production or distribution capability could require us to make substantial capital expenditures to fulfill customer orders, which could negatively affect our profitability and financial condition. We maintain property damage insurance that we believe to be adequate to provide for reconstruction of facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption insurance to mitigate losses resulting from any production interruption or shutdown caused by an insured loss. However, any recovery under our insurance policies may not offset the lost sales or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations. Also, our property damage and business interruption insurance coverage may not be applicable or adequate for any such disruption and may not continue to be available in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. 
 
 Rationalization or restructuring of manufacturing facilities, including plant expansions and system upgrades at our manufacturing facilities, may cause production capacity constraints and inventory fluctuations. 
 
 The rationalization of our manufacturing facilities has at times resulted in, and similar rationalizations or restructurings in the future may result in, temporary constraints upon our ability to produce the quantity of products necessary to fulfill orders and thereby complete sales in a timely manner. In addition, system upgrades at our manufacturing facilities that impact ordering, production scheduling and other related manufacturing processes are complex, and could impact or delay production targets. A prolonged delay in our ability to fulfill orders on a timely basis could affect customer demand for our products and increase the size of our raw material inventories, causing future reductions in our manufacturing schedules and adversely affecting our results of operations. Moreover, our continuous development and production of new products will often involve the retooling of existing manufacturing equipment. This retooling may limit our production capacity at certain times in the future, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the expansion, reconfiguration, maintenance and modernization of existing manufacturing facilities and the start-up of new manufacturing operations, could increase the risk of production delays and require significant investments of capital. 
 
 We may incur material losses and costs related to product warranty claims. 
 
 We are subject to product warranty claims in the ordinary course of our business. Our standard warranty covers the bus for one year and certain components for up to five years. We attempt to adequately price ongoing warranty costs into our bus purchase contracts; however, our warranty reserves are estimates and if we produce poor quality products, develop new products with deficiencies or receive defective materials or components, we may incur material unforeseen costs in excess of what we have provided for in our contracts or reserved in our financial statements. 
 
 In addition, we may not be able to enforce warranties and extended warranties received or purchased from our suppliers if such suppliers refuse to honor such warranties or go out of business. Also, a customer may choose to pursue remedies directly under its contract with us over enforcing such supplier warranties. In such a case, we may not be able to recover our losses from the supplier. 
 
 We may incur material losses and costs as a result of product liability claims and recalls. 
 
 We face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results, or is alleged to result, in personal injury and/or property damage. If we manufacture a defective product or if component failures result in damages that are not covered by warranty provisions, we may experience material product liability losses in the future. In addition, we may incur significant costs to defend product liability claims. We could also incur damages and significant costs in correcting any defects, lose sales and suffer damage to our reputation. Our product liability insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities we could incur and may not continue to be available in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. Significant product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, the adverse publicity that may result from a product liability claim or perceived or actual defect with our products could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully. 
 
 We are subject to potential recalls of our products from customers to cure manufacturing defects or in the event of a failure to comply with customers order specifications or applicable regulatory standards, as well as potential recalls of components or parts manufactured by suppliers that we purchase and incorporate into our school buses. We may also be required to remedy or retrofit buses in the event that an order is not built to a customer s specifications or where a design error has been made. Significant retrofit 
 15 

and remediation costs or product recalls could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 A failure to renew dealer agreements or cancellation of, or significant delay in, new bus orders may result in unexpected declines in revenue and profitability. 
 
 We rely to a significant extent on our dealers to sell our products to the end consumer. A loss of one or more significant dealers or a reduction in the market share of existing dealers would lead to a loss of revenues that could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our dealer agreements are typically for a five-year term; however, the dealer can usually cancel the agreement for convenience without penalty upon 90 days notice. While most of our dealers have been purchasing from us for more than two decades, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to renew our dealer agreements on favorable terms, or at all, at their scheduled expiration dates. If we are unable to renew a contract with one or more of our significant dealers, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected until an alternative solution is implemented (e.g., a new dealer or combining the territory with another, existing Blue Bird dealer). If dealer agreements are terminated with one or more of our top 10 dealers, significant orders are canceled or delayed or we incur a significant decrease in the level of purchases from any of our top 10 dealers, our sales and operating results would be adversely impacted. In addition, our new bus orders are subject to potential reduction, cancellation and/or significant delay. Although dealers generally only order buses from us after they have a firm order from a school district, orders for buses are also generally cancellable until 14 weeks prior to delivery. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations related to the manufacture of school buses, or a failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments, including non-U.S. governments, related to the manufacture of our school buses. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Our products must satisfy a complex compliance scheme due to variability in and potentially conflicting local, state, federal and international laws and regulations. The cost of compliance may be substantial in a period due to the potential for modification or customization of our school buses in any of the 50 plus jurisdictions in which our buses are sold. In addition, if we expand into more international jurisdictions, we could potentially incur additional costs in order to tailor our products to the applicable local law requirements of such jurisdictions. Further, we must comply with additional regulatory requirements applicable to us as a federal contractor for our GSA contracts, which increases our costs. GSA contracts are also subject to audit and increased inspections and costs of compliance. Any potential penalties for non-compliance with laws and regulations may not be covered by insurance that we carry. 
 
 Environmental obligations and liabilities could have a negative impact on our financial condition, cash flows and profitability. 
 
 Potential environmental issues have been identified at our facility in Fort Valley, Georgia, including the solid waste management units at the facility s old landfill. Potential remediation costs and obligations could require the expenditure of capital and, if greater than expected, or in excess of applicable insurance coverage, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. We are cooperating with the Georgia Environmental Protection Division and have conducted a site-wide investigation under the current hazardous waste management law. All investigations of suspect areas have been completed. Implementation of a corrective action plan is forthcoming, which will consist of re-surfacing the landfill cap, possible monitoring, and ground water use restrictions for the old landfill. There are currently no proposed remediation actions to be included in the corrective action plan. Based on the data generated from the latest site investigation, we believe our environmental risks have been reduced substantially, but not eliminated. 
 
 Our future competitiveness and ability to achieve long-term profitability depend on our ability to control costs, which requires us to improve our organization continuously and to increase operating efficiencies and reduce costs. 
 
 In order to operate profitably in our market, we are continually transforming our organization and rationalizing our operating processes. Our future competitiveness depends upon our continued success in implementing these initiatives throughout our operations. While some of the elements of cost reduction are within our control, others, such as commodity costs, regulatory costs and labor costs, depend more on external factors, and there can be no assurance that such external factors will not materially adversely affect our ability to reduce our costs. 
 
 16 

Our operating results may vary widely from period to period due to the sales cycle, seasonal fluctuations and other factors. 
 
 Our orders with our dealers and customers generally require time-consuming customization and specification. We incur significant operating expenses when we are building a bus prior to sale or designing and testing a new bus. If there are delays in the sale of buses to dealers or customers, such delays may lead to significant fluctuations in results of operations from quarter to quarter, making it difficult to predict our financial performance on a quarterly basis. Further, if we were to experience a significant amount of cancellations of or reductions in purchase orders, it would reduce our future sales and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is subject to seasonal and other fluctuations. In particular, we have historically experienced higher revenues during the third and fourth quarters when compared with the first and second quarters during each fiscal year. This seasonality is caused primarily by school districts ordering more school buses prior to the beginning of a school year. Our ability to meet customer delivery schedules is dependent on a number of factors including, but not limited to, access to components and raw materials, an adequate and capable workforce, assembling/engineering expertise for certain projects and sufficient manufacturing capacity. The availability of these factors may in some cases be subject to conditions outside of our control. A failure to deliver in accordance with our performance obligations may result in financial penalties under certain of our GSA contracts and damage to existing customer relationships, damage to our reputation and a loss of future bidding opportunities, which could cause the loss of future business and could negatively impact our financial performance. 
 
 Our defined benefit pension plan is currently underfunded and pension funding requirements could increase significantly due to a reduction in funded status as a result of a variety of factors, including weak performance of financial markets, decreasing interest rates and investments that do not achieve adequate returns. 
 
 Our defined benefit pension plan currently holds a significant amount of equity and fixed income securities. Our future funding requirement for our frozen defined benefit pension plan Pension Plan qualified with the Internal Revenue Service depends upon the future performance of assets placed in trusts for this plan, the level of interest rates used to determine funding levels, the level of benefits provided for by the Pension Plan and any changes in government laws and regulations. Future funding requirements generally increase if the discount rate decreases or if actual asset returns are lower than expected asset returns, as other factors are held constant. If future funding requirements increase, we would be required to contribute more funds, which would negatively impact our cash flows. 
 
 Our current or future indebtedness could impair our financial condition and reduce the funds available to us for growth or other purposes. Our debt agreements impose certain operating and financial restrictions, with which failure to comply could result in an event of default that could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We have substantial indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund the interest payments on our outstanding borrowings under our credit facility and other debt service obligations and keep us in compliance with the covenants under our debt agreements or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We cannot assure investors that we would be able to take any of these actions, that these actions would permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations or that these actions would be permitted under the terms of our existing or future debt agreements, which may impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and could adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs; obtain standby letters of credit, bank guarantees or performance bonds required to bid on or secure certain customer contracts; make strategic acquisitions or investments or enter into alliances; withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general; engage in business activities, including future opportunities for growth, that may be in our interest; and plan for or react to market conditions or otherwise execute our business strategies. 
 
 If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, or if we breach any of the covenants in our debt agreements, we will be in default and, as a result, our lenders could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, could terminate their commitments to lend us money and foreclose against the assets securing our borrowings, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 In addition, we and certain of our subsidiaries may incur significant additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness. Although the terms of our debt agreements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be significant. Incurring additional indebtedness could increase the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness, including our ability to service our indebtedness. 
 17 

Our profitability depends on achieving certain minimum school bus sales volumes and margins. If school bus sales deteriorate, our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows will suffer. 
 
 Our continued profitability requires us to maintain certain minimum school bus sales volumes and margins. As is typical for a vehicle manufacturer, we have significant fixed costs and, therefore, changes in our school bus sales volume can have a disproportionately large effect on profitability. If our school bus sales decline to levels significantly below our assumptions, due to a financial downturn, renewed recessionary conditions, changes in consumer confidence, geopolitical events, inability to secure an adequate supply of critical components or any other reason that would limit our ability to produce sufficient quantities of school buses, limited access to financing or other factors, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be materially adversely affected. 
 
 If Blue Bird Capital Services cannot provide financial services to our dealers and customers to acquire our products, our sales and results of operations could deteriorate. 
 
 Our dealers and customers benefit from their relationships with BBCS, which provides (i) floorplan financing for certain of our network dealers and (ii) a modest amount of vehicle lease financing to school districts. Although we neither assume any balance sheet risk nor receive any direct economic benefit from BBCS, which is financed by TCF Inventory Finance, Inc., we could be materially adversely affected if BBCS was unable to provide this financing and our dealers were unable to obtain alternate financing, at least until a replacement for BBCS was identified. BBCS faces a number of business, economic and financial risks that could impair its access to capital and negatively affect its business and operations and its ability to provide financing and leasing to our dealers and customers. Because BBCS serves as an additional source of leasing and financing options for dealers and customers, an impairment of BBCS ability to provide such financial services could negatively affect our efforts to expand our market penetration among customers that rely on these financial services to acquire new school buses and dealers that seek financing. 
 
 We rely heavily on trade secrets to gain a competitive advantage in the market and the unenforceability of our nondisclosure agreements may adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Historically, we have not relied upon patents to protect our design or manufacturing processes or products. Instead, we rely significantly on maintaining the confidentiality of our trade secrets and other information related to our operations. Accordingly, we require all executives, engineering employees and suppliers to sign a nondisclosure agreement to protect our trade secrets, business strategy and other proprietary information. If the provisions of these agreements are found unenforceable in any jurisdiction in which we operate, the disclosure of our proprietary information may place us at a competitive disadvantage. Even where the provisions are enforceable, the confidentiality clauses may not provide adequate protection of our trade secrets and proprietary information in every such jurisdiction. 
 
 We require training sessions for our employees regarding the protection of our trade secrets, business strategy and other proprietary information. Our employee training may not provide adequate protection of our trade secrets and proprietary information. 
 
 We may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property rights, including trade secrets and know-how, without our authorization or from independently developing intellectual property that is the same as or similar to our intellectual property, particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect our intellectual property rights as fully as in the U.S. The unauthorized use of our trade secrets or know-how by third parties could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage we have developed, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business or increase our expenses as we attempt to enforce our rights. 
 
 Our intellectual property rights may not be successfully asserted in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. 
 
 We rely on a number of significant unregistered trademarks and other unregistered intellectual property in the day-to-day operation of our business. Without the protections afforded by registration, our ability to protect and use our trademarks and other unregistered intellectual property may be limited, which could negatively affect our business in the future. In addition, while we have not faced intellectual property infringement claims from others in recent years, in the event successful infringement claims are brought against us, particularly claims (under patents or otherwise) against our product design or manufacturing processes, such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. 
 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 We sell the majority of our buses and parts in U.S. Dollars. Our foreign customers have exposures to risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates on our sales in that region. Foreign currency exchange rates can have material adverse effects on our foreign customers' ability to purchase our products. Further, we have certain sales contracts that are transacted in Canadian Dollars. 
 18 

While we aim to hedge any such transactions, that may not always be the case. As a result, foreign currency fluctuations and the associated remeasurements and translations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The manufacture of our Type A buses is conducted by the Micro Bird joint venture that we do not control and cannot operate solely for our benefit. 
 
 The manufacture of Type A buses is carried out by a 50/50 Canadian joint venture, Micro Bird, which we do not control or consolidate. In joint ventures, we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do and may compete with us outside the joint venture. Joint ventures are intended to be operated for the equal benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions. In joint ventures, we are required to foster our relationships with co-owners as well as promote the overall success of the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes or relationships deteriorate, our success in the joint venture may be materially adversely affected. The benefits from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, so that we do not receive all the benefits from our joint venture. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 The inability to attract and retain key personnel could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to operate our business and implement our strategies depends, in part, on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. Our future success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including manufacturing personnel, sales professionals and engineers. The unexpected loss of services of any of our key personnel or the failure to attract or retain other qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business. 
 
 While we have enjoyed good relations and a collaborative approach with our work force, employment relationships can deteriorate over time. Given the extent to which we rely on our employees, any significant deterioration in our relationships with our key employees or overall workforce could materially harm us. Work stoppages or instability in our relationships with our employees could delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and cause a loss of revenues which would adversely affect our operations. In addition, local economic conditions in the Central Georgia area (where our principal manufacturing facilities are located) may impact our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. 
 
 Our worker s compensation insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. 
 
 Although we maintain a workers compensation insurance stop loss policy to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur resulting from work-related injuries to our employees over our self-insured limit, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities as we incur the costs and expenses up to our self-insured limit. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may negatively impact our manufacturing operations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 
 We may need additional financing to execute our business plan and fund operations, which additional financing may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 Our ability to execute current and future business plans, including the potential for future market and/or product expansion and opportunities for future international growth, may require substantial additional capital. We will consider raising additional funds through various financing sources, including the sale of our equity securities or the procurement of additional commercial debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that such funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to execute our growth strategy, and operating results may be adversely affected. Any additional debt financing will increase expenses and must be repaid regardless of operating results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility. If we issue equity securities to raise additional funds, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced, and our stockholders may experience additional dilution in net book value per share. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, are not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to decrease the pace of, or eliminate, our future product offerings and market expansion opportunities and potentially curtail operations. 
 
 Interest rates could change substantially, materially impacting our profitability. 
 
 Our borrowings under our credit facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. We monitor and manage this exposure as part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of interest rates and seeks to reduce 
 19 

potentially adverse effects on our business. The majority of our debt interest payments are protected against increases in short-term rates; however, changes in interest rates cannot always be predicted, hedged, or offset with price increases to eliminate earnings volatility. 
 
 An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and other long-lived intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results. 
 
 We have a substantial amount of goodwill and purchased intangible assets on our balance sheet, concentrated in our bus segment and specifically related to the dealer network and our trade name. These long-lived assets are required to be reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if potential interim indicators exist that could result in impairment. If any business conditions or other factors cause profitability or cash flows to significantly decline, we may be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could adversely affect our operating results. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include a prolonged period of global economic weakness, a further decline in economic conditions or a slow, weak economic recovery, sustained declines in the price of our common stock, adverse changes in the regulatory environment, adverse changes in the market share of our products, adverse changes in interest rates or other factors leading to reductions in the long-term sales or profitability that we expect. 
 
 Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology networks and systems could substantially interfere with our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of our proprietary information, notwithstanding the fact that no such breaches or disruptions have materially impacted us to date. 
 
 We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third-parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain management, manufacturing, invoicing and collection of payments from our dealer network and customers. Additionally, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, the proprietary business information of our dealers and suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of our employees, in data centers and on information technology systems. The secure operation of these information technology systems, and the processing and maintenance of this information, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology systems and networks may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access to our networks and systems, or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, hardware failures, software errors, third-party service provider outages, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures or natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise our systems and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations and reduce the competitive advantage we hope to derive from our investment in technology. Our insurance coverage may not be available or adequate to cover all the costs related to significant security attacks or disruptions resulting from such attacks. 
 
 Other Risk Factors Relating to an Investment in Our Common Stock 
 
 Our only significant asset is ownership of 100 of the capital stock of School Bus Holdings and we do not currently intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Consequently, stockholders' ability to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 
 We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than the ownership of 100 of the capital stock of School Bus Holdings. We depend on School Bus Holdings and its subsidiaries for distributions, loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, including our expenses as a publicly traded company, and to pay any dividends with respect to our common stock, if any. Legal and contractual restrictions in agreements governing our current indebtedness, as well as our financial condition and operating requirements, may limit our ability to obtain cash from School Bus Holdings and its subsidiaries. While we are permitted to pay dividends in certain circumstances under our credit facility, as long as we are in compliance with our obligations under the credit facility, we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future dividend payments are within the absolute discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, financial condition, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions with respect to payment of dividends, business opportunities, anticipated cash needs, provisions of applicable law and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Concentration of ownership of our common stock may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 
 
 At October 2, 2021, approximately 35 of our common stock was owned by ASP, an affiliate of American Securities LLC ("American Securities"). As a result, American Securities has the ability to significantly influence the outcome of corporate actions of 
 20 

our Company requiring stockholder approval. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Shares of our common stock are reserved for current and future issuance, which would have the effect of diluting the existing shareholders. 
 
 On May 28, 2015 and March 12, 2020, we registered 3,700,000 and 1,500,000 common stock shares, respectively, representing the shares of common stock issuable under the Blue Bird Corporation 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan and, pursuant to Rule 416(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, an indeterminable number of additional shares of common stock issuable under the Incentive Plan, as such amount may be adjusted as a result of stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, anti-dilution provisions and similar transactions. At October 2, 2021, there were 1,358,263 common stock shares remaining to be issued under the Incentive Plan. 
 
 On December 15, 2021, we issued and sold through a private placement an aggregate 4,687,500 shares of our common stock at 16.00 per share. The 75.0 million of net proceeds that we received from this transaction may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions, investments in technologies or businesses, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Refer to Note 19, Subsequent Events , to the Company s consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding this transaction. 
 
 Additionally, on November 16, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 that allows the Company to sell up to 200.0 million in the aggregate of any combination of several different type of securities, including shares of common stock, from time to time in one or more offerings. The number of shares is indeterminable and is dependent on whether or not common stock is a security being sold in a future offering and, if so, the amount of capital we are attempting to raise and the price at which the shares of common stock can be sold. Any such sale of shares may also be adjusted as a result of stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, anti-dilution provisions and similar transactions. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include: 
 
 no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 
 the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director with or without cause by stockholders, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 
 subject to any rights of holders of existing preferred shares, the ability of our board of directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 
 limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 
 
 controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of stockholder meetings; 
 
 providing for a staggered board, in which the members of the board of directors are divided into three classes to serve for a period of three years from the date of their respective appointment or election; 
 
 permitting the removal of directors with or without cause by stockholders voting a majority of the votes cast if, at any time and for so long as, American Securities beneficially owns, in the aggregate, capital stock representing at least 40 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 
 
 21 

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company; 
 
 requiring an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of our entire board of directors and by the holders of at least 66.67 of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock in order to adopt an amendment to our certificate of incorporation if, at any time and for so long as, American Securities beneficially owns, in the aggregate, capital stock representing at least 50 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; and 
 
 requiring an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of our entire board of directors or by the holders of at least 66.67 of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock to amend our bylaws if, at any time and for so long as, American Securities beneficially owns, in the aggregate, capital stock representing at least 50 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of our Company or changes in our board of directors and management. 
 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Macon, Georgia. Our Bus segment operates a fabrication plant and an integrated chassis manufacturing and body assembly plant in Fort Valley, Georgia, where components for Type C, Type D, and specialty buses are manufactured and assembled. Our Parts segment operates a parts distribution center located in Delaware, Ohio. We own our facilities in Fort Valley, Georgia (approximately 1.5 million square feet). We lease facilities in Macon, Georgia (approximately 0.3 million square feet) and Delaware, Ohio (approximately 0.1 million square feet). Our Micro Bird joint venture leases its facility (0.2 million square feet) in Drummondville, Quebec, Canada. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may be a party to various legal proceedings from time to time. We do not believe that there is any pending or threatened proceeding against us, which, if determined adversely, would have a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock is currently quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol BLBD. At December 10, 2021, there were 75 holders of record of the Company s common stock. Management of the Company believes that there are in excess of 3,000 beneficial holders of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have not paid any dividends on our common stock to date. It is our present intention to retain any earnings for use in our business operations and, accordingly we do not anticipate that the board of directors will declare any dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. In addition, certain of our loan agreements restrict the payment of dividends. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information for all equity compensation plans at October 2, 2021, under which the equity securities of the Company were authorized for issuance: 
 Plan Category (1) (a) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (b) Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 267,779 17.85 1,358,263 (1) There are no equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Report. Our actual results may not be indicative of future performance. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed or incorporated by reference in the sections of this Report titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Certain monetary amounts, percentages and other figures included in this Report have been subjected to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them, and figures expressed as percentages in the text may not total 100 or, as applicable, when aggregated, may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the percentages that precede them. 

Executive Overview 
 
 Blue Bird is the leading independent designer and manufacturer of school buses. Our longevity and reputation in the school bus industry have made Blue Bird an iconic American brand. We distinguish ourselves from our principal competitors by dedicating our focus to the design, engineering, manufacture and sale of school buses, and related parts. As the only principal manufacturer of chassis and body production specifically designed for school bus applications, Blue Bird is recognized as an industry leader for school bus innovation, safety, product quality/reliability/durability, efficiency, and lower operating costs. In addition, Blue Bird is the market leader in alternative powered product offerings with its propane, gasoline, CNG, and electric powered school buses. 
 
 Blue Bird sells its buses and parts through an extensive network of U.S. and Canadian dealers that, in their territories, are exclusive to Blue Bird on Type C and Type D school buses. Blue Bird also sells directly to major fleet operators, the U.S. Government, state governments, and authorized dealers in a number of foreign countries. 
 
 23 

Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business 
 
 Beginning in our second fiscal quarter of 2020, the novel coronavirus known as "COVID-19" began to spread throughout the world, resulting in a global pandemic. The pandemic triggered a significant downturn in global commerce as early as February 2020 and the challenging market conditions are expected to continue for an extended period of time. In an effort to contain the spread of COVID-19, maintain the well-being of our employees and stakeholders, address the reduced demand from our customers and be responsive and efficient with supply chain constraints, management took decisive actions including closing our manufacturing facilities for two weeks in April 2020 and implementing stringent safety protocols, including administering COVID-19 testing for all manufacturing and office employees and requesting office employees to work from home. Management also decided to cease production for a full week in each of March and May 2021 due to supply chain disruptions that resulted in a shortage of critical components. Additionally, management closely monitors the expected receipt of critical components on a daily basis and has had to cease part or all of production for shorter periods of time as a result of supply shortages. 
 
 These temporary closures of our manufacturing facility did not materially impact our operations during fiscal 2020 or the first half of fiscal 2021 as we did not need to operate at full capacity to fulfill sales orders at those times. However, such supply chain disruptions did significantly impact our operations and results during the second half of fiscal 2021 due to higher purchasing costs, including freight costs incurred to expedite receipt of critical components, increased manufacturing inefficiencies and our inability to complete the production of buses to fulfill sales orders. Specifically, management estimates that the sale of approximately 2,000 units was deferred from fiscal 2021 into fiscal 2022 as a result of the shortage of critical components that prevented the Company from initiating or completing, as applicable, the production process for certain units that were otherwise scheduled to be delivered to customers during the year. Including these units, the Company's backlog exceeded 4,200 units as of October 2, 2021 as demand for our products remains strong, with no sales orders canceled as a result of delays in our production process. The Company has also experienced increased purchase costs for certain of its raw materials during the pandemic that have negatively impacted the gross profit it recognized on sales, particularly during the second half of fiscal 2021. The decreased gross profit is expected to continue into the first half of fiscal 2022 given the increased purchase costs we incurred acquiring the inventory that we accumulated at the end of fiscal 2021 as a result of our inability to build and sell buses due to critical component shortages. In response, in July 2021 the Company announced two sales price increases that will apply to new sales orders and are intended to mitigate the impact of rising purchase costs on our operations and results. In general, management believes that such supply chain disruptions will continue in future periods and will materially impact our results if we are unable to i) produce during quarters having higher sales volumes and/or ii) pass along rising costs to our customers. Additionally, although we have not experienced any pervasive COVID-19 illnesses to-date, if we were to experience some form of outbreak within our facilities, we would take all appropriate measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, which could include another temporary halt in production. 
 
 The pandemic has resulted, and is likely to continue to result, in significant economic disruption and has adversely affected our business. It will continue to adversely impact our business into fiscal year 2022 and perhaps beyond. Significant uncertainty exists concerning the magnitude of the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the overall U.S and global economy. The duration of any demand reductions, production and supply chain disruptions, and related financial impacts on our business cannot be estimated at this time. 
 
 The continuing impacts from COVID-19 on the Company's operations in fiscal 2021 negatively affected our revenue, profit and cash flows. We continue to monitor and assess the level of future customer demand, the ability of school boards to make decisions regarding maintaining normal in-person learning in the foreseeable future, the ability of suppliers to resume and/or maintain normal operations and to provide parts and supplies in sufficient quantities to meet our production needs, the ability of our employees to continue to work, and our ability to maintain continuous production as we plan for fiscal 2022 and beyond. See PART I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors," of this Report for a discussion of the material risks we believe we face particularly related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The Company has also taken actions to control spending and secure adequate liquidity, including headcount rationalization, changes to the minimum required financial covenants resulting from the execution of a fourth amendment to the Credit Agreement in November 2021 and raising 75.0 million of net proceeds through the issuance and sale of an aggregate 4,687,500 shares of common stock at 16.00 per share in a private placement transaction on December 15, 2021. Further detail and discussion of the Credit Agreement amendment and private placement transaction can be found in this Report in the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of this Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and in Note 19, Subsequent Events , to the Company s consolidated financial statements, respectively. Even with adequate liquidity, we are evaluating and considering further actions to reduce costs and spending across our organization to be responsive to potential longer-term impacts on our business from the pandemic. Our actions may include reducing hiring activities, limiting discretionary spending, limiting spending on capital investment projects or other steps necessary to preserve adequate liquidity. We may also pursue raising additional capital via an equity or debt offering. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may need to take further actions required by federal, state or local authorities, or enact measures we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. For further details and discussion about our liquidity, refer to the following "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of this Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Report. 
 24 

Factors Affecting Our Revenues 
 
 Our revenues are driven primarily by the following factors: 
 
 Property tax revenues . Property tax revenues are one of the major sources of funding for school districts, and therefore new school buses. Property tax revenues are a function of land and building prices, based on assessments of property value by state or county assessors and millage rates voted by the local electorate. 
 Student enrollment and delivery mechanisms for learning . Increases or decreases in the number of school bus riders have a direct impact on school district demand. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and evolving protocols for social distancing and public health concerns, the future form of educational delivery remains uncertain, and increased remote learning could reasonably be expected to decrease the number of school bus riders. 
 Revenue mix . We are able to charge more for certain of our products (e.g., Type C propane powered school buses, electric powered buses, Type D buses, and buses with higher option content) than other products. The mix of products sold in any fiscal period can directly impact our revenues for the period. 
 Strength of the dealer network . We rely on our dealers, as well as a small number of major fleet operators, to be the direct point of contact with school districts and their purchasing agents. An effective dealer is capable of expanding revenues within a given school district by matching that district s needs to our capabilities, offering options that would not otherwise be provided to the district. 
 Pricing . Our products are sold to school districts throughout the U.S. and Canada. Each state and each Canadian province has its own set of regulations that govern the purchase of products, including school buses, by their school districts. We and our dealers must navigate these regulations, purchasing procedures, and the districts specifications in order to reach mutually acceptable price terms. Pricing may or may not be favorable to us, depending upon a number of factors impacting purchasing decisions. 
 Buying patterns of major fleets . Major fleets regularly compete against one another for existing accounts. Fleets are also continuously trying to win the business of school districts that operate their own transportation services. These activities can have either a positive or negative impact on our sales, depending on the brand preference of the fleet that wins the business. Major fleets also periodically review their fleet sizes and replacement patterns due to funding availability as well as the profitability of existing routes. These actions can impact total purchases by fleets in a given year. 
 Seasonality. Historically, our sales have been subject to seasonal variation based on the school calendar with the peak season during our third and fourth fiscal quarters. Sales during the third and fourth fiscal quarters are typically greater than the first and second fiscal quarters due to the desire of municipalities to have any new buses that they order available to them at the beginning of the new school year. With the COVID-19 pandemic impact on school systems and the uncertainty regarding (i) in-person schooling schedules and duration and (ii) the severity and duration of ongoing supply chain constraints, seasonality has become unpredictable. Seasonality and variations from historical seasonality have impacted the comparison of results between fiscal periods. 
 
 F actors Affecting Our Expenses and Other Items 
 
 Our expenses and other line items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations are principally driven by the following factors: 
 
 Cost of goods sold . The components of our cost of goods sold consist of material costs (principally powertrain components, steel and rubber, as well as aluminum and copper) including freight costs, labor expense, and overhead. Our cost of goods sold may vary from period to period due to changes in sales volume, efforts by certain suppliers to pass through the economics associated with key commodities, fluctuations in freight costs, design changes with respect to specific components, design changes with respect to specific bus models, wage increases for plant labor, productivity of plant labor, delays in receiving materials and other logistical challenges, and the impact of overhead items such as utilities. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses . Our selling, general and administrative expenses include costs associated with our selling and marketing efforts, engineering, centralized finance, human resources, purchasing, and information technology services, along with other administrative matters and functions. In most instances, other than direct costs associated with sales and marketing programs, the principal component of these costs is salary expense. Changes from period to period are typically driven by the number of our employees, as well as by merit increases provided to experienced personnel. 
 Interest expense . Our interest expense relates to costs associated with our debt instruments and reflects both the amount of indebtedness and the interest rate that we are required to pay on our debt. Interest expense also includes unrealized gains or losses from interest rate hedges, if any, and changes in the fair value of interest rate derivatives not designated in hedge accounting relationships, if any, as well as expenses related to debt guarantees, if any. 
 25 

Income taxes . We make estimates of the amounts to recognize for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. In addition, provisions are established for withholding taxes related to the transfer of cash between jurisdictions and for uncertain tax positions taken. 
 Other income/expense, net . This balance includes periodic pension expense or income as well as gains or losses on foreign currency, if any. Other immaterial amounts not associated with operating expenses may also be included in this balance. 
 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliate . We include in this line item our 50 share of net income or loss from our investment in Micro Bird, our unconsolidated Canadian joint venture. 

Key Non-GAAP Financial Measures We Use to Evaluate Our Performance 
 
 The consolidated financial statements included in this Report in Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. GAAP ). This Report also includes the following financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP ("non-GAAP"): Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, and Free Cash Flow. Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are financial metrics that are utilized by management and the board of directors to determine (a) the annual cash bonus payouts, if any, to be made to certain members of management based upon the terms of the Company s Management Incentive Plan, and (b) whether the performance criteria have been met for the vesting of certain equity awards granted annually to certain members of management based upon the terms of the Company s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Additionally, consolidated EBITDA, which is an adjusted EBITDA metric defined by our Amended Credit Agreement (defined subsequently herein) that could differ from Adjusted EBITDA discussed above as the adjustments to the calculations are not uniform, is used to determine the Company's ongoing compliance with several financial covenant requirements, including being utilized in the denominator of the calculation of the TNLR, as and when applicable. Accordingly, management views these non-GAAP financial metrics as key for the above purposes and as a useful way to evaluate the performance of our operations as discussed further below. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income or loss prior to interest income; interest expense including the component of operating lease expense (which is presented as a single operating expense in selling, general and administrative expenses in our U.S. GAAP financial statements) that represents interest expense on lease liabilities; income taxes; and depreciation and amortization including the component of operating lease expense (which is presented as a single operating expense in selling, general and administrative expenses in our U.S. GAAP financial statements) that represents amortization charges on right-of-use lease assets; as adjusted for certain non-cash charges or credits that we may record on a recurring basis such as stock-compensation expense and unrealized gains or losses on certain derivative financial instruments; net gains or losses on the disposal of assets as well as certain charges such as (i) significant product design changes; (ii) transaction related costs; (iii) discrete expenses related to major cost cutting initiatives; or (iv) costs directly attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic. While certain of the charges that are added back in the Adjusted EBITDA calculation, such as transaction related costs and operational transformation and major product redesign initiatives, represent operating expenses that may be recorded in more than one annual period, the significant project or transaction giving rise to such expenses is not considered to be indicative of the Company s normal operations. Accordingly, we believe that these, as well as the other credits and charges that comprise the amounts utilized in the determination of Adjusted EBITDA described above, should not be used in evaluating the Company s ongoing annual operating performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA Margin as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not measures of performance defined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The measures are used as a supplement to U.S. GAAP results in evaluating certain aspects of our business, as described below. 
 
 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are useful to investors in evaluating our performance because the measures consider the performance of our ongoing operations, excluding decisions made with respect to capital investment, financing, and certain other significant initiatives or transactions as outlined in the preceding paragraph. We believe the non-GAAP measures offer additional financial metrics that, when coupled with the U.S. GAAP results and the reconciliation to U.S. GAAP results, provide a more complete understanding of our results of operations and the factors and trends affecting our business. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin should not be considered as alternatives to net income or loss as an indicator of our performance or as alternatives to any other measure prescribed by U.S. GAAP as there are limitations to using such non-GAAP measures. Although we believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin may enhance an evaluation of our operating performance based on recent revenue generation and product/overhead cost control because they exclude the impact of prior decisions made about capital investment, financing, and certain other significant initiatives or transactions, (i) other companies in Blue Bird s industry may define Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin differently than we do and, as a result, they may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in Blue Bird s industry, and (ii) Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin exclude certain financial information that some may consider important in evaluating our performance. 
 
 26 

We compensate for these limitations by providing disclosure of the differences between Adjusted EBITDA and U.S. GAAP results, including providing a reconciliation to U.S. GAAP results, to enable investors to perform their own analysis of our ongoing operating results. 
 
 Our measure of Free Cash Flow is used in addition to and in conjunction with results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and it should not be relied upon to the exclusion of U.S. GAAP financial measures. Free Cash Flow reflects an additional way of evaluating our liquidity that, when viewed with our U.S. GAAP results, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows. We strongly encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. 
 
 We define Free Cash Flow as total cash provided by/used in operating activities as adjusted for net cash paid for the acquisition or disposal of fixed assets and intangible assets. We use Free Cash Flow, and ratios based on Free Cash Flow, to conduct and evaluate our business because, although it is similar to cash flow from operations, we believe it is a more conservative measure of cash flow since purchases of fixed assets and intangible assets are a necessary component of ongoing operations. Accordingly, we expect Free Cash Flow to be less than operating cash flows. 
 
 Our Segments 
 
 We manage our business in two operating segments, which are also our reportable segments: (i) the Bus segment, which involves the design, engineering, manufacture and sales of school buses and extended warranties; and (ii) the Parts segment, which includes the sale of replacement bus parts. Financial information is reported on the basis that it is used internally by the CODM in evaluating segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources to segments. The President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company has been identified as the CODM. Management evaluates the segments based primarily upon revenues and gross profit. 

Consolidated Results of Operations for the fiscal years ended October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020: 
 (in thousands) 2021 2020 Net sales 683,995 879,221 Cost of goods sold 611,854 783,021 Gross profit 
 72,141 96,200 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 65,619 74,206 Operating profit 
 6,522 21,994 Interest expense (9,682) (12,252) Interest income 4 11 Other income, net 1,776 738 Loss on debt modification (598) (Loss) income before income taxes (1,978) 10,491 Income tax benefit (expense) 1,191 (1,519) Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliate 498 3,213 Net (loss) income (289) 12,185 Other financial data: Adjusted EBITDA 
 34,103 54,681 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 5.0 6.2 
 
 27 

The following provides the results of operations of Blue Bird's two reportable segments: 
 (in thousands) 2021 2020 Net Sales by Segment 
 Bus 
 625,198 822,616 Parts 
 58,797 56,605 Total 683,995 879,221 Gross Profit by Segment 
 Bus 
 50,394 76,059 Parts 
 21,747 20,141 Total 
 72,141 96,200 
 
 Net sales . Net sales were 684.0 million for fiscal 2021, a decrease of 195.2 million, or 22.2 , compared to 879.2 million for fiscal 2020. The decrease in net sales is attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic, which caused supply chain constraints that have limited the availability of certain critical components and thus, limited the number of buses the Company could produce and deliver. 
 
 Bus sales decreased 197.4 million, or 24.0 , reflecting a decrease in units booked that was partially offset by higher sales prices. In fiscal 2021, 6,679 units were booked compared to 8,878 units booked for fiscal 2020. The decrease in Bus revenue and volumes reflects the constraints on the Company's ability to produce and deliver buses due to COVID-19 driven shortages of critical components. The 1.0 increase in unit price for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 mainly reflects pricing actions taken by management to partially offset increases in commodity costs, as well as product and customer mix changes. 
 
 Parts sales increased 2.2 million, or 3.9 , for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, largely due to higher sales volume. Both fiscal 2020 and 2021 were significantly impacted by lower school bus units in operation due to school closures from the second quarter of fiscal 2020 through the second quarter of fiscal 2021 caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the last half of fiscal 2021 experienced large increases in sales volume as schools prepared to resume in-person learning, including preparing buses to be fully operational for the first time in over a year. 
 
 Cost of goods sold . Total cost of goods sold was 611.9 million for fiscal 2021, a decrease of 171.2 million, or 21.9 , compared to 783.0 million for fiscal 2020. As a percentage of net sales, total cost of goods sold increased from 89.1 to 89.5 . 
 
 Bus segment cost of goods sold decreased 171.8 million, or 23.0 , for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 due to reduced sales volumes. The average cost of goods sold per unit for fiscal 2021 was 2.3 higher compared to the average cost of goods sold per unit for fiscal 2020 due to increases in manufacturing costs from several COVID-19 related factors including hourly workforce absenteeism and supply chain disruptions that resulted in higher purchase costs for components and freight, all of which created manufacturing inefficiencies and higher costs. 
 
 The 0.6 million, or 1.6 , increase in parts segment cost of goods sold for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 largely aligned with the increase in sales volume noted above, with slight variations due to product and channel mix. 
 
 Operating profit . Operating profit was 6.5 million for fiscal 2021, a decrease of 15.5 million, or 70.3 , compared to 22.0 million for fiscal 2020. Profitability was negatively impacted by a decrease of 24.1 million in gross profit, as outlined in the revenue and cost of goods sold discussions above. This decrease was partially offset by a decrease of 8.6 million in selling, general and administrative expenses as we have taken actions to control spending during the pandemic. 
 
 Interest expense . Interest expense was 9.7 million for fiscal 2021, a decrease of 2.6 million, or 21.0 , compared to 12.3 million for fiscal 2020. The decrease was largely attributable to fluctuations in the fair value of the interest rate collar (a liability balance) recorded in interest expense. The fiscal 2020 balance included a 2.6 million net increase in the fair value of the interest rate collar, while the fiscal 2021 balance included a 1.6 million decrease in fair value, thus resulting in a net 4.2 million decrease in interest expense. This decrease was partially offset by increased effective interest rates on outstanding borrowings. 
 
 Income taxes . We recorded income tax benefit of 1.2 million for fiscal 2021, compared to income tax expense of 1.5 million for fiscal 2020. This fluctuation was primarily attributed to lower amounts of taxable income in fiscal 2021 due to the ongoing impacts of COVID-19 on our operations as discussed above. 
 
 28 

The effective tax rate for fiscal 2021 differed from the statutory Federal income tax rate of 21.0 . There were several items that increased the effective tax rate to 60.2 including the impacts of tax credits, return to accrual adjustments, and state taxes on the Federal rate. These increases were partially offset by a change in uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 was 14.5 , which differed from the statutory Federal income tax rate of 21 . The minor items that lowered the effective tax rate primarily included the impacts of tax credits and state taxes on the Federal rate. These decreases were offset to a lesser degree by the recording of a partial valuation allowance for state taxes and minor return to accrual adjustments. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA . Adjusted EBITDA was 34.1 million, or 5.0 of net sales, for fiscal 2021, a decrease of 20.6 million, or 37.6 , compared to 54.7 million, or 6.2 of net sales, for fiscal 2020. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily the result of decreased revenues and gross profit, which was also unfavorably impacted by higher manufacturing costs, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, there were decreases in operational transformation initiatives, interest expense, and depreciation, amortization, and disposals, which were partially offset by an increase in share-based compensation expense. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net (loss) income to Adjusted EBITDA for the fiscal years presented: 
 (in thousands) 2021 2020 Net (loss) income (289) 12,185 Adjustments: 
 Interest expense, net (1) 
 10,010 12,616 Income tax (benefit) expense (1,191) 1,519 Depreciation, amortization, and disposals (2) 
 13,642 15,096 Operational transformation initiatives 
 189 3,404 Loss on debt modification 598 Share-based compensation 
 5,938 4,141 Product redesign initiatives 
 3,483 4,068 Restructuring charges 
 659 646 Costs directly attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic (3) 
 1,024 1,000 Other 
 40 6 Adjusted EBITDA 
 34,103 54,681 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (percentage of net sales) 
 5.0 6.2 
 
 (1) Includes 0.3 million and 0.4 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing interest expense on operating lease liabilities, which are a component of lease expense and presented as a single operating expense in selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Includes 0.8 million and 0.7 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing amortization on right-of-use operating lease assets, which are a component of lease expense and presented as a single operating expense in selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (3) Primarily costs incurred for third party cleaning services and personal protective equipment for our employees in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 29 

Consolidated Results of Operations for the fiscal years ended October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019: (in thousands) 2020 2019 Net sales 879,221 1,018,874 Cost of goods sold 783,021 885,400 Gross profit 
 96,200 133,474 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 74,206 89,642 Operating profit 
 21,994 43,832 Interest expense (12,252) (12,879) Interest income 11 9 Other income (expense), net 738 (1,331) Income before income taxes 
 10,491 29,631 Income tax expense (1,519) (7,573) Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliate 3,213 2,242 Net income 12,185 24,300 Other financial data: Adjusted EBITDA 
 54,681 81,829 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 6.2 8.0 
 
 The following provides the results of operations of Blue Bird's two reportable segments: 
 (in thousands) 2020 2019 Net Sales by Segment 
 Bus 
 822,616 952,242 Parts 
 56,605 66,632 Total 879,221 1,018,874 Gross Profit by Segment Bus 
 76,059 110,015 Parts 
 20,141 23,459 Total 
 96,200 133,474 
 
 Net sales . Net sales were 879.2 million for fiscal 2020, a decrease of 139.7 million, or 13.7 , compared to 1.019 billion for fiscal 2019. The decrease in net sales was attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic which caused the unplanned and abrupt increase in remote learning arrangements and uncertainty in how school districts would administer schooling, resulting in decreased demand for school buses. 
 
 Bus sales decreased 129.6 million, or 13.6 , reflecting a decrease in units booked that was partially offset by slightly higher sales prices. In fiscal 2020, 8,878 units were booked compared to 11,017 units booked in fiscal 2019. The decrease in Bus revenue and volumes reflect the timing of orders being significantly impacted by COVID-19. The 7.2 increase in unit price for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 mainly reflects the full-year impact of pricing actions taken in fiscal 2019 to partially offset commodity costs, as well as product and customer mix changes. 
 
 Parts sales decreased 10.0 million, or 15.0 , for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, as we had lower sales volume, mainly from lower school bus units in operation due to school closures caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Stay at home orders and school closures reduced bus repair and maintenance activities due to lower bus use. 
 
 Cost of goods sold . Total cost of goods sold was 783.0 million for fiscal 2020, a decrease of 102.4 million, or 11.6 , compared to 885.4 million for fiscal 2019. As a percentage of net sales, total cost of goods sold increased from 86.9 to 89.1 . 
 
 30 

Bus segment cost of goods sold decreased 95.7 million, or 11.4 , for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 due to reduced sales volumes. The average cost of goods sold per unit for fiscal 2020 was 10.0 higher compared to the average cost of goods sold per unit for fiscal 2019 due to increases in manufacturing costs from several COVID-19 related factors including hourly workforce absenteeism and supply chain disruptions, each of which created manufacturing inefficiencies and higher costs. 
 
 The 6.7 million, or 15.5 , decrease in parts segment cost of goods sold for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 aligned with the decrease in sales volume noted above. 
 
 Operating profit . Operating profit was 22.0 million for fiscal 2020, a decrease of 21.8 million, or 49.8 , compared to 43.8 million for fiscal 2019. Profitability was negatively impacted by a decrease of 37.3 million in gross profit, which was partially offset by a decrease of 15.4 million in selling, general and administrative expenses due in large part to several significant product development initiatives during fiscal 2019 as well as cost control measures implemented in fiscal 2020, as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including headcount reductions and lower travel-related expense. 
 
 Interest expense . Interest expense was 12.3 million for fiscal 2020, a decrease of 0.6 million, or 4.9 , compared to 12.9 million for fiscal 2019. The decrease was primarily attributed to lower interest rates and a lower average borrowing level on the term debt. 
 
 Income taxes . We recorded income tax expense of 1.5 million for fiscal 2020, compared to income tax expense of 7.6 million for fiscal 2019. The reduction in expense was primarily attributed to lower amounts of taxable income in fiscal 2020 due to the impacts of COVID-19 on our operations. 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 differed from the statutory Federal income tax rate of 21.0 . There were minor items that lowered the effective tax rate to 14.5 , primarily the impacts of tax credits and state taxes on the Federal rate. These decreases were offset to a lesser degree by the recording of a partial valuation allowance for state taxes and minor return to accrual adjustments. 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was 25.6 , which differed from the statutory Federal income tax rate of 21.0 . The difference was mainly due to the unfavorable impact of valuation allowances, share-based and other compensation limitations, and state taxes, which included the application of tax credits claimed as offsets against our payroll tax liabilities. The valuation allowance increased mainly due to the accrual of income tax credits that were greater than our ability to utilize before expiration. These items were partially offset by benefits from federal and state tax credits. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA . Adjusted EBITDA was 54.7 million, or 6.2 of net sales, for fiscal 2020, a decrease of 27.1 million, or 33.2 , compared to 81.8 million, or 8.0 of net sales, for fiscal 2019. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily the result of decreased revenues and gross profit, which was also unfavorably impacted by higher manufacturing costs, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The decrease was partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the fiscal years presented: 
 (in thousands) 2020 2019 Net income 
 12,185 24,300 Adjustments: 
 Interest expense, net (1) 
 12,616 13,279 Income tax expense 1,519 7,573 Depreciation, amortization, and disposals (2) 
 15,096 11,102 Operational transformation initiatives 
 3,404 10,594 Foreign currency hedges 
 109 Share-based compensation 
 4,141 4,273 Product redesign initiatives 
 4,068 10,540 Restructuring charges 646 Costs directly attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic (3) 1,000 Other 
 6 59 Adjusted EBITDA 
 54,681 81,829 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (percentage of net sales) 
 6.2 8.0 
 
 31 

(1) Includes 0.4 million for both fiscal 2020 and 2019, representing interest expense on operating lease liabilities, which are a component of lease expense and presented as a single operating expense in selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Includes 0.7 million for both fiscal 2020 and 2019, representing amortization on right-of-use operating lease assets, which are a component of lease expense and presented as a single operating expense in selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (3) Primarily costs incurred for third party cleaning services and personal protective equipment for our employees in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company's primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations, available cash, and borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement (defined below). At October 2, 2021, the Company had 11.7 million of available cash and cash equivalents (net of outstanding checks) and 48.7 million of additional borrowings available under the Revolving Credit Facility (defined below). The Company s revolving line of credit is available for working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. At October 2, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants required by the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On December 12, 2016 (the Closing Date ), Blue Bird Body Company as the borrower ("Borrower"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, executed a 235.0 million five-year credit agreement with Bank of Montreal, which acts as the administrative agent and an issuing bank, Fifth Third Bank, as co-syndication agent and an issuing bank, and Regions Bank, as co-syndication agent, together with other lenders (the "Credit Agreement"). 
 
 The credit facilities provided for under the Credit Agreement consisted of a term loan facility in an aggregate initial principal amount of 160.0 million (the Term Loan Facility and a revolving credit facility with aggregate commitments of 75.0 million. The revolving credit facility included a 15.0 million letter of credit sub-facility and 5.0 million swingline sub-facility (the Revolving Credit Facility, and together with the Term Loan Facility, each a Credit Facility and collectively, the Credit Facilities ). The borrowings under the Term Loan Facility, which were made at the Closing Date, may not be re-borrowed once they are repaid. The borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be repaid and reborrowed from time to time at our election. The proceeds of the loans under the Credit Facilities that were borrowed on the Closing Date were used to finance in part, together with available cash on hand, (i) the repayment of certain existing indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (ii) transaction costs associated with the consummation of the Credit Facilities. 
 
 The obligations under the Credit Agreement and the related loan documents (including without limitation, the borrowings under the Credit Facilities (including the Incremental Term Loan discussed below) and obligations in respect of certain cash management and hedging obligations owing to the agents, the lenders or their affiliates), are, in each case, secured by a lien on and security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries (including the Borrower), with certain exclusions as set forth in a collateral agreement entered into on December 12, 2016. 
 
 Up to 75.0 million of additional term loans and/or revolving credit commitments may be incurred under the Credit Agreement, subject to certain limitations as set forth in the Credit Agreement, and which additional loans and/or commitments would require further commitments from the existing lenders or from new lenders. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains negative and affirmative covenants affecting the Company and its subsidiaries including the Borrower, with certain exceptions set forth in the Credit Agreement. The negative covenants and restrictions include, among others: limitations on liens, dispositions of assets, consolidations and mergers, loans and investments, indebtedness, transactions with affiliates (including management fees and compensation), dividends, distributions and other restricted payments, change in fiscal year, fundamental changes, amendments to and subordinated indebtedness, restrictive agreements, sale and leaseback transactions and certain permitted acquisitions. Dividends, distributions, and other restricted payments are permitted in certain circumstances under the Credit Agreement, generally based upon our levels of excess Free Cash Flow and unrestricted cash (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and maintenance of specified TNLRs. 
 
 First Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 On September 13, 2018, the Company executed an amendment to the Credit Agreement (the "First Amended Credit Agreement"), by and among the Company, the Borrower, and Bank of Montreal, acting as administrative agent together with other lenders. The First Amended Credit Agreement provided for an aggregate lender commitment of 50.0 million in additional term loan borrowings (the 
 32 

Incremental Term Loan that was intended to finance a portion of a tender offer up to 50.0 million, which transaction closed in October 2018. 
 
 After giving effect to the First Amended Credit Agreement, the initial 160.0 million Term Loan Facility, with a balance of 146.2 million at September 29, 2018, increased 50.0 million, and the initial 75.0 million Revolving Credit Facility increased 25.0 million. The amended Credit Facilities each mature on September 13, 2023, the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the First Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 After giving effect to the First Amended Credit Agreement, the interest payable with respect to the Term Loan Facility was (i) from the first amendment effective date until the first quarter ended on or about September 30, 2018, LIBOR plus 2.25 and (ii) commencing with the fiscal quarter ended on or about September 30, 2018 and thereafter, dependent on the TNLR of the Company, an election of either base rate or LIBOR pursuant to the table below. The Company's TNLR is defined as the ratio of (a) consolidated net debt to (b) consolidated EBITDA, which is an adjusted EBITDA metric that could differ from Adjusted EBITDA appearing in the Company s periodic filings on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q as the adjustments to the calculations are not uniform, at the end of each fiscal quarter for the consecutive four fiscal quarter period most recently then ending. 
 Level Total Net Leverage Ratio ABR Loans Eurodollar Loans I Less than 2.00x 0.75 1.75 II Greater than or equal to 2.00x and less than 2.50x 1.00 2.00 III Greater than or equal to 2.50x and less than 3.00x 1.25 2.25 IV Greater than or equal to 3.00x and less than 3.25x 1.50 2.50 V Greater than or equal to 3.25x and less than 3.50x 1.75 2.75 VI Greater than 3.50x 2.00 3.00 
 
 Under the First Amended Credit Agreement, the principal of the Term Loan Facility must be paid in quarterly installments on the last day of each fiscal quarter, in an amount equal to: 
 2,475,000 per quarter beginning on the last day of the Company s first fiscal quarter of 2019 through the last day of the Company s third fiscal quarter in 2021; 
 3,712,500 per quarter beginning on the last day of the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in 2021 through the last day of the Company s third fiscal quarter in 2022; 
 4,950,000 per quarter beginning on the last day of the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in 2022 through the last day of the Company s second fiscal quarter in 2023, with the remaining principal amount due at maturity. 
 
 There are customary events of default under the First Amended Credit Agreement, including, among other things, events of default resulting from (i) failure to pay obligations when due under the First Amended Credit Agreement, (ii) insolvency of the Company or its material subsidiaries, (iii) defaults under other material debt, (iv) judgments against the Company or its subsidiaries, (v) failure to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants (as set forth in the First Amended Credit Agreement), or (vi) a change of control of the Company, in each case subject to limitations and exceptions as set forth in the First Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 The First Amended Credit Agreement contained customary covenants and warranties including, among other things, an amended TNLR financial maintenance covenant which required compliance as follows: 
 Period Maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio September 13, 2018 through the second quarter of the 2019 fiscal year 4.00:1.00 Second quarter of the 2019 fiscal year through the fourth quarter of the 2021 fiscal year 3.75:1.00 Fourth quarter of the 2021 fiscal year and thereafter 3.50:1.00 
 
 Second Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 On May 7, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment to the Credit Agreement and First Amended Credit Agreement (the "Second Amended Credit Agreement"). The Second Amended Credit Agreement provided 41.9 million in additional revolving commitments bringing the total revolving commitments to 141.9 million. The revolving commitments under the Second Amended Credit Agreement mature on September 13, 2023, which is the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the First Amended Credit Agreement. The interest rate pricing grid remained unchanged, but the LIBOR floor was amended from 0 to 0.75 . 
 33 

Third Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 On December 4, 2020, the Company executed a third amendment to the Credit Agreement, First Amended Credit Agreement and Second Amended Credit Agreement (the "Third Amended Credit Agreement"). The Third Amended Credit Agreement, among other things, provided for certain temporary amendments to the Credit Agreement from the third amendment effective date through and including the first date on which (a)(i) a compliance certificate is timely delivered with respect to a fiscal quarter ending on or after March 31, 2022 demonstrating compliance with certain financial performance covenants for such fiscal quarter (the Limited Availability Period ), or (ii) the Borrower elects to terminate the Limited Availability Period; and (b) the absence of a default or event of default. 
 
 Amendments to the financial performance covenants provided that during the Limited Availability Period, a higher maximum TNLR was permitted, and required the Company to maintain liquidity (in the form of undrawn availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents) of at least 15.0 million. For the duration between the fiscal quarter ended on or around December 31, 2020 and the fiscal quarter ended on or around September 30, 2021 that fell within the Limited Availability Period, a quarterly minimum consolidated EBITDA covenant applied instead of a maximum TNLR. 
 
 The pricing grid in the First Amended Credit Agreement, which is based on the ratio of the Company s consolidated net debt to consolidated EBITDA, remained unchanged. However, during the Limited Availability Period, an additional margin of 0.50 applied. 
 
 During the Limited Availability Period, the Third Amended Credit Agreement required that the Borrower prepay existing revolving loans and, if undrawn and unreimbursed letters of credit exceed 7.0 million, cash collateralize letters of credit if unrestricted cash and cash equivalents exceed 20.0 million, as determined on a semimonthly basis. Any issuance, amendment, renewal, or extension of credit during the Limited Availability Period may not cause unrestricted cash and cash equivalents to exceed 20.0 million, or cause the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Facility principal to exceed 100.0 million. The Third Amended Credit Agreement also implemented a cap on permissible investments, restricted payments, certain payments of indebtedness and the fair market value of all assets subject to permitted dispositions during the Limited Availability Period. 
 
 For the duration of the Limited Availability Period, the Third Amended Credit Agreement sets forth additional monthly reporting requirements, and required subordination agreements and intercreditor arrangements for certain other indebtedness and liens subject to administrative agent approval. 
 
 Fourth Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 On November 24, 2021, the Company executed a fourth amendment to the Credit Agreement, First Amended Credit Agreement, Second Amended Credit Agreement and Third Amended Credit Agreement (the "Fourth Amended Credit Agreement" and collectively, the "Amended Credit Agreement"). The Fourth Amended Credit Agreement, among other things, provides for certain temporary amendments to the Credit Agreement from the third amendment effective date through and including (a) April 1, 2023 (the Amended Limited Availability Period ), or (b) the first date on which Borrower elects to terminate the Amended Limited Availability Period, in each case, subject to (x) the absence of a default or event of default and (y) pro forma compliance with the financial covenant performance covenants under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 With respect to the financial performance covenants, during the Amended Limited Availability Period for the fiscal quarters ending January 1, 2022 through October 1, 2022, the TNLR requirement is not applicable, although it continues to impact the interest rate that is charged on outstanding borrowings as discussed below. Instead, the minimum consolidated EBITDA that the Company is required to maintain during the Amended Limited Availability Period has been updated to include fiscal 2022 as set forth in the table below (in millions): 
 
 Period Minimum Consolidated EBITDA Fiscal quarter ending January 1, 2022 14.5 Fiscal quarter ending April 2, 2022 (4.5) Fiscal quarter ending July 2, 2022 (6.8) Fiscal quarter ending October 1, 2022 20.0 
 
 However, in the event that Borrower elects to terminate the Amended Limited Availability Period in fiscal 2022, the maximum TNLR permitted is 3.50x. 
 
 34 

The minimum liquidity (in the form of undrawn availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents) that the Company must maintain during the Amended Limited Availability Period has been amended as set forth in the table below (in millions): 
 
 Period Minimum Liquidity Fourth amendment effective date through January 1, 2022 10.0 January 2, 2022 through April 2, 2022 5.0 April 3, 2022 through July 2, 2022 15.0 Thereafter 20.0 
 
 Additionally, a new financial performance covenant was added to the Amended Credit Agreement, requiring that school bus units manufactured by the Company Units not fall below the pre-set thresholds set forth in the table below on a three month trailing basis Units Covenant ). The Units Covenant is triggered only if the Company s liquidity for the most-recently ended fiscal month is less than 50.0 million during the Amended Limited Availability Period: 
 
 Period Minimum Units Manufactured Three month period ending November 27, 2021 1,128 Three month period ending January 1, 2022 776 Three month period ending January 29, 2022 748 Three month period ending February 26, 2022 727 Three month period ending April 2, 2022 763 Three month period ending April 30, 2022 1,111 Three month period ending May 28, 2022 1,525 Three month period ending July 2, 2022 2,053 Three month period ending July30, 2022 2,072 Three month period ending August 27, 2022 2,199 Three month period ending October 1, 2021 2,306 
 
 If the Units during any three fiscal month period set forth above is less than the minimum required by the Units Covenant, Borrower may elect to carry forward up to 50 of certain applicable excess Units to satisfy the Units Covenant requirement. However, Borrower may not make such election in two consecutive three fiscal month periods. 
 
 The pricing grid in the Amended Credit Agreement, which is based on the TNLR, is determined in accordance with the amended pricing matrix set forth below: 
 
 Level Total Net Leverage Ratio ABR Loans Eurodollar Loans I Less than 2.00x 0.75 1.75 II Greater than or equal to 2.00x and less than 2.50x 1.00 2.00 III Greater than or equal to 2.50x and less than 3.00x 1.25 2.25 IV Greater than or equal to 3.00x and less than 3.25x 1.50 2.50 V Greater than or equal to 3.25x and less than 3.50x 1.75 2.75 VI Greater than or equal to 3.50x and less than 4.50x 2.00 3.00 VII Greater than or equal to 4.50x and less than 5.00x 3.25 4.25 VIII Greater than 5.00x 4.25 5.25 
 
 During the Amended Limited Availability Period (notwithstanding the pricing grid set forth above), the applicable rate shall be (a) solely to the extent that the aggregate revolving exposures exceed 100.0 million, 5.75 with respect to such excess and (b) with respect to all other revolving exposures, the sum of the rate determined by the administrative agent in accordance with the pricing grid set forth above, plus 0.50 . 
 
 Additional allowances have been made in the Fourth Amended Credit Agreement for the Company to issue or incur up to 100.0 million of qualified equity interests issued by the Company, unsecured subordinated indebtedness or unsecured convertible indebtedness (collectively, Junior Capital ). Upon the issuance or incurrence of any Junior Capital, the Company is required to 
 35 

prepay the outstanding revolving loans (with no permanent reduction in the revolving commitments) in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 100 of the net proceeds from such Junior Capital and (b) the aggregate of revolving exposures then outstanding. Prior to the initial issuance or incurrence of any Junior Capital, any issuance, amendment, renewal, or extension of credit during the Amended Limited Availability Period may not cause the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Facility principal to exceed 110.0 million Availability Cap ). Following any issuance or incurrence of Junior Capital, the Availability Cap is permanently reduced to 100.0 million. 
 
 For the duration of the Amended Limited Availability Period, the Fourth Amended Credit Agreement sets forth additional monthly reporting requirements in connection with the manufactured school bus units required by the financial performance covenants, when applicable. 
 
 Short-Term and Long-Term Liquidity Requirements 
 
 Our ability to make principal and interest payments on borrowings under our Credit Facilities and our ability to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other conditions. The continuing adverse impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic materially impacted our fiscal 2021 results, causing lower customer orders for both buses and parts, significant supply chain disruptions, and higher rates of absenteeism among our hourly production workforce. The continuing development and fluidity of the pandemic precludes any prediction as to the ultimate severity of the adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. See PART I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors," of this Report for a discussion of the material risks we believe we face particularly related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The pandemic could cause a severe contraction in our profits and/or liquidity which could lead to issues complying with our Amended Credit Agreement covenants. Our primary financial covenants are (i) for fiscal 2022, minimum consolidated EBITDA, which is an adjusted EBITDA metric that could differ from Adjusted EBITDA appearing in the Company s periodic filings on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q as the adjustments to the calculations are not uniform, at the end of each fiscal quarter for the consecutive four fiscal quarter period most recently then ending; (ii) for fiscal 2022 and through April 1, 2023, minimum liquidity at the end of each fiscal month; (iii) when applicable during fiscal 2022, minimum school bus units manufactured calculated on a three month trailing basis at the end of each fiscal month; and (iv) beginning in fiscal 2023 and thereafter, TNLR, defined as the ratio of (a) consolidated net debt to (b) consolidated EBITDA. If we are not able to comply with such covenants, we may need to seek additional covenant relief or even refinance the debt to a "covenant light" or "no covenant" structure. We cannot assure our investors that we would be successful in amending or refinancing our existing debt. An amendment or refinancing of our existing debt could lead to higher interest rates and possible up-front expenses than included in our historical financial statements. 
 
 On December 15, 2021, we issued and sold through a private placement an aggregate 4,687,500 shares of our common stock at 16.00 per share. The 75.0 million of net proceeds that we received from this transaction may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions, investments in technologies or businesses, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Refer to Note 19, Subsequent Events , to the Company s consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding this transaction. 
 
 To increase our liquidity in future periods, we could pursue raising additional capital via an equity or debt offering as we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the SEC in November 2021. However, we cannot assure our investors that we would be successful in raising this additional capital, which could also lead to increased expense and larger up-front fees when compared with our historical financial statements. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Historically, our business has been highly seasonal with school districts buying their new school buses so that they will be available for use on the first day of the school year, typically in mid-August to early September. This has resulted in our third and fourth fiscal quarters representing our two busiest quarters from a sales and production perspective, the latter ending on the Saturday closest to September 30. Our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity have been and are likely to be impacted by the seasonal patterns. Working capital has historically been a significant use of cash during the first fiscal quarter due to planned shutdowns and a significant source of cash generation in the fourth fiscal quarter. With the COVID-19 pandemic impact on school systems and the uncertainty regarding (i) in-person schooling schedules and duration and (ii) the severity and duration of ongoing supply chain constraints, seasonality and working capital trends have become unpredictable. Seasonality and variations from historical seasonality have impacted the comparison of working capital and liquidity results between fiscal periods. 
 
 36 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth general information derived from our statement of cash flows for the fiscal years presented: 
 (in thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 44,507 70,959 60,260 Total cash (used in) provided by operating activities (54,241) 3,459 55,706 Total cash used in investing activities 
 (11,309) (18,803) (35,467) Total cash provided by (used in) financing activities 32,752 (11,108) (9,540) Change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (32,798) (26,452) 10,699 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 11,709 44,507 70,959 
 
 Total cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities totaled (54.2) million for fiscal 2021, as compared with 3.5 million of cash flows provided by operating activities for fiscal 2020. The primary drivers of the 57.7 million decrease were the following: 
 
 A year over year reduction of 12.5 million in net income. 
 
 The effect of net changes in operating assets and liabilities negatively impacted fiscal 2021 operating cash flows by 47.1 million compared to fiscal 2020. The primary drivers in this category were the unfavorable changes in inventory, accounts receivable, and other assets of 91.0 million, 5.3 million, and 5.5 million, respectively. These unfavorable changes were partially offset by favorable changes in accounts payable of 54.3 million. The significant increase in the inventory balance at the end of fiscal 2021 when compared with the end of fiscal 2020 (net use of cash) primarily resulted from our inability to build and sell buses during the fourth fiscal quarter of fiscal 2021 due to shortages of certain critical components. Because we were still receiving other parts that were not in short supply that we were unable to utilize in our production process, we accumulated a significant amount of inventory at the end of fiscal 2021 that also resulted in a significant, but smaller, increase in the accounts payable balance at the end of fiscal 2021 when compared with fiscal 2020 (net source of cash). 
 
 The impact of non-cash items (net source of cash) was 1.8 million higher in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. Non-cash items impact net income or loss but do not have direct cash flows associated with them. The significant differences relate to the impact of higher amounts of share-based compensation of 1.8 million and lower equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliate of 2.7 million in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. These changes were partially offset by decreases in depreciation and amortization expense of 1.0 million, non-cash interest of 0.9 million, and deferred taxes of 1.0 million in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities totaled 3.5 million and 55.7 million for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively. The primary drivers of the 52.2 million decrease were the following: 
 
 A year over year reduction of 12.1 million in net income. 
 
 The effect of net changes in operating assets and liabilities negatively impacted fiscal 2020 operating cash flow by 35.0 million compared to fiscal 2019. The primary drivers in this category were the unfavorable changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 75.7 million as well as accounts receivable of 10.6 million, which were partially offset by improvements in inventory level changes of 43.8 million and other assets of 9.7 million. 
 
 The impact of non-cash items (net source of cash) was 5.1 million higher in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2020. Non-cash items impact net income or loss but do not have direct cash flows associated with them. The significant differences relate to the impact of higher amounts of deferred taxes of 6.6 million, share-based compensation of 0.1 million, and pension amortization expense of 1.0 million in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2020. These changes were partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense in fiscal 2020 of 4.0 million. 
 
 Total cash used in investing activities 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities totaled 11.3 million and 18.8 million for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. The 7.5 million decrease in cash used was primarily due to decreased spending on fixed assets in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 37 

Cash flows used in investing activities totaled 18.8 million and 35.5 million for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively. The 16.7 million decrease in cash used was primarily due to decreased spending on manufacturing assets associated with our paint facility in fiscal 2020 when compared to fiscal 2019. 
 
 Total cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities totaled 32.8 million for fiscal 2021, as compared with 11.1 million of cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021, net borrowings under the revolving credit facility increased 45.0 million compared to fiscal 2020. This source of cash was partially offset by increased cash paid for debt costs of 1.5 million in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities totaled 11.1 million and 9.5 million for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively. In fiscal 2020 we used more cash compared to the prior year on finance lease payments totaling 0.8 million, debt issuance costs totaling 0.9 million, and payments of employee taxes for share-based compensation activity totaling 2.9 million. These increased cash outflows were partially offset by approximately 2.7 million more in cash received for warrant exercises in fiscal 2020 when compared with fiscal 2019. All warrants have expired or been exercised so this component of cash flows from financing activities is not expected to repeat in future years. 
 
 Free cash flow 
 
 Management believes the non-GAAP measurement of Free Cash Flow, defined as net cash used in or provided by operating activities less cash paid for fixed assets and acquired intangible assets, fairly represents the Company s ability to generate surplus cash that could fund activities not in the ordinary course of business. See Key Measures We Use to Evaluate Our Performance for further discussion. The following table sets forth the calculation of Free Cash Flow for the fiscal years presented: 
 (in thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Total cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (54,241) 3,459 55,706 Cash paid for fixed assets and acquired intangible assets 
 (12,212) (18,968) (35,514) Free Cash Flow 
 (66,453) (15,509) 20,192 
 
 Free Cash Flow for fiscal 2021 was 50.9 million lower than Free Cash Flow for fiscal 2020, primarily due to a 57.7 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities as discussed above. This decrease was partially offset by a reduction of 6.8 million in cash paid for fixed assets in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 as we limited capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 to mitigate the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, financial results and cash flows. 
 
 Free Cash Flow for fiscal 2020 was 35.7 million lower than Free Cash Flow for fiscal 2019, primarily due to a 52.2 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities as discussed above. This decrease was partially offset by a reduction of 16.5 million in cash paid for fixed assets as we limited capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 and had significant capital expenditures related to our paint facility in fiscal 2019 that did not recur. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet arrangements 
 
 We had outstanding letters of credit totaling 6.3 million at October 2, 2021, the majority of which secure our self-insured workers compensation program, the collateral for which is regulated by the State of Georgia. 
 
 We had a 3.0 million guarantee outstanding at October 2, 2021 which relates to a guarantee of indebtedness for a term loan obtained by one of our dealers with a remaining maturity up to 1.3 years. The 3.0 million represents the estimated maximum amount we would be required to pay upon default of all guaranteed indebtedness, and we believe the likelihood of required performance to be remote. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 T he preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions. At the date of the financial statements, these estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities, and during the reporting period, these estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. For example, significant management judgments are required in determining excess, obsolete, or unsalable inventory; allowance for doubtful accounts; potential impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangibles; and the accounting for self-insurance reserves, warranty reserves, pension obligations, income taxes, environmental liabilities and contingencies. Future events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty, and, accordingly, the Company s accounting 
 38 

estimates require the exercise of judgment. The accounting estimates used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements may change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional information is obtained and as the Company s operating environment changes. The Company evaluates and updates its assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis, based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, and may employ outside experts to assist in the Company s evaluations. Actual results could differ from the estimates that the Company has used. 
 
 The estimates that require management to exercise the greatest extent of judgment in establishing assumptions and that could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements should they change significantly in a future period are defined as "critical" in nature and include the following: 
 
 Self-Insurance Reserves 
 
 The Company is self-insured for the majority of its workers compensation and medical claims. The expected ultimate cost for claims incurred as of the balance sheet date is not discounted and is recognized as a liability. Self-insurance losses for claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon estimates of the aggregate liability for uninsured claims using loss development factors and actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and historical loss development experience. The establishment of the reserves utilizing such estimates and assumptions is based on the premise that historical claims experience is indicative of current or future expected activity, which could differ significantly. At October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, reserves totaled approximately 4.5 million and 5.0 million, respectively. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of acquired businesses over the fair value of the assets acquired less liabilities assumed in connection with such acquisition. In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ), goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives acquired in an acquisition are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently should an event occur or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired. Such events or circumstances may be a significant change in business climate, economic and industry trends, legal factors, negative operating performance indicators, significant competition, changes in strategy or disposition of a reporting unit or a portion thereof. Although management believes the assumptions used in the determination of the value of the enterprise are reasonable, no assurance can be given that these assumptions will be achieved. As a result, impairment charges may occur when goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment in the future. 
 
 We have two reporting units for which we test goodwill for impairment: Bus and Parts. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary or to perform a quantitative assessment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. Under the qualitative assessment, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If under the quantitative assessment the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the amount of the impairment loss, if any, must be measured under step two of the impairment analysis. In step two of the analysis, we would record an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill over its implied fair value should such a circumstance arise. 
 
 Fair value of the reporting units is estimated primarily using the income approach, which incorporates the use of discounted cash flow ("DCF") analysis. A number of significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the DCF model to forecast operating cash flows, including markets and market shares, sales volumes and prices, costs to produce, tax rates, capital spending, discount rate and working capital changes. The cash flow forecasts are based on approved strategic operating plans. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of each fiscal year presented, we performed our annual impairment assessment of goodwill which did not indicate that an impairment existed. 
 
 In the evaluation of indefinite lived assets for impairment, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary, or to perform a quantitative assessment by comparing the fair value of an asset to its carrying amount. The Company s intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is the Blue Bird trade-name. Under the qualitative assessment, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of the asset unless the entity determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If a qualitative assessment is not performed or if a quantitative assessment is otherwise required, then the entity compares the fair value of an asset to its carrying amount and the amount of the impairment loss, if any, is the difference between fair value and carrying value. The fair value of our trade name is derived by using the relief from royalty method, which discounts the estimated cash savings we realize by owning the name instead of otherwise having to license or lease it. 
 39 

During the fourth quarter of each fiscal year presented, we performed our annual impairment assessment of our trade name which did not indicate that an impairment existed. 
 
 Our intangible assets with definite useful lives include customer relationships and engineering designs, which are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 2, 7, or 20 years using the straight-line method. These assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. No impairments have been recorded. 
 
 Pensions 
 
 We have pension benefit costs and obligations, which are developed from actuarial valuations. Actuarial assumptions attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability relating to our plan. These factors include assumptions we make about interest rates and expected investment return on plan assets. In addition, our actuarial consultants also use subjective factors such as mortality rates to develop our valuations. We review and update these assumptions on an annual basis at the beginning of each fiscal year. We are required to consider current market conditions, including changes in interest rates, in making these assumptions. Effective January 1, 2006, the benefit plan was frozen to all participants. No accrual of future benefits is earned or calculated beyond this date. Accordingly, our obligation estimate is based on benefits earned at that time discounted using an estimate of the single equivalent discount rate determined by matching the plan s future expected cash flows to spot rates from a yield curve comprised of high-quality corporate bond rates of various durations. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for the pension benefit obligation. In estimating that rate, appropriate consideration is given to the returns being earned by the plan assets in the fund and rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment and we consider asset allocations, input from an external pension investment adviser, and risks and other factors adjusted for our specific investment strategy. The focus is on long-term trends and provides for the consideration of recent plan performance. 
 
 The actuarial assumptions that we use may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions as well as longer or shorter life spans of participants. These differences may result in a significant impact to the measurement of our pension benefit obligations, and to the amount of pension benefits expense we may record. For example, at October 2, 2021, a one-half percent increase in the discount rate would reduce the projected benefit obligation of our pension plans by approximately 9.1 million, while a one-half percent decrease in the discount rate would increase the projected benefit obligation of our pension plans by approximately 10.1 million. 
 
 Product Warranty Costs 
 
 The Company s products are generally warranted against defects in material and workmanship for a period of one to five years. A provision for estimated warranty costs is recorded at the time a unit is sold. The methodology to determine the warranty reserve calculates the average expected future warranty claims using historical warranty claims by body type, by month, over the life of the bus, which is then multiplied by remaining months under warranty, by warranty type. The establishment of the reserve utilizing such estimates and assumptions is based on the premise that historical claims experience, both in terms of the volume of claims activity and related cost, is indicative of future expected claims activity. Management believes the methodology is reasonable (i) since the Company's product offerings and manufacturing processes do not change quickly or significantly and (ii) given the significant investments that the Company has made, and expects to continue making, to improve the quality, reliability and safety of the school buses it manufactures. Accordingly, while management believes that this methodology provides an accurate reserve estimate, actual claims incurred could differ from the original estimates, requiring future adjustments. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Under this approach, deferred income taxes represent the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities. The Company evaluates its ability, based on the weight of evidence available, to realize future tax benefits from deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance to reduce a deferred tax asset to a level which, more likely than not, will be realized in future years. 
 
 The Company recognizes uncertain tax positions based on a cumulative probability assessment if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by an appropriate tax authority with full knowledge of all information. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. Amounts recorded for uncertain tax positions are periodically assessed, including the evaluation of new facts and circumstances, to ensure sustainability of the positions. The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 40 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 A discussion of recently issued accounting standards applicable to the Company is described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Standards, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this Report, and we incorporate such discussion by reference herein. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, and commodity prices. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we entered into a four year interest rate collar contract with a notional value of 150.0 million to partially mitigate our exposure to interest rate fluctuations on our variable rate term loan debt. The collar establishes a range where we will pay the counterparty if the three month LIBOR rate falls below the established floor rate of 1.5 , and the counterparty will pay us if the three month LIBOR rate exceeds the ceiling rate of 3.3 . The collar settles quarterly through the termination date of September 30, 2022. No payments or receipts are exchanged on the interest rate collar contract unless interest rates rise above or fall below the contracted ceiling or floor rates. Throughout fiscal 2021, the three month LIBOR rate fell below the established floor, which required us to make 2.0 million in total cash payments to the counterparty. 
 
 Commodity Risk 
 
 The Company and its suppliers incorporate raw and finished commodities such as steel, copper, aluminum, and other automotive type commodities into its products. We often bid on contracts weeks or months before school buses are delivered and enter into school bus sales contracts with fixed prices per bus. The sales contracts generally do not have an indexed price escalation formula to account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and the delivery date. As a result, we are typically unable to pass along increased economic fluctuation costs to our customers. We generally purchase steel one quarter in advance, but because we generally do not otherwise hedge steel or the other primary commodities we purchase (rubber, aluminum and copper), changes in prices of raw materials can significantly impact future operating margins. 
 
 Currency Risk 
 
 The Company transacts substantially all of its sales in U.S. Dollars. Our foreign customers have exposure to risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates on our sales in that region, due in part to the time elapsed between a fixed price order date and delivery/payment for the order. Foreign currency exchange rates can have material adverse effects on our foreign customers' ability to purchase our products. Therefore, at times, we may allow them to pay in their local currency and we may utilize derivative instruments to hedge changes in foreign currency exchange rates for those transactions. 

41 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Blue Bird Corporation 
 Macon, Georgia 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blue Bird Corporation (the Company and subsidiaries as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 2, 2021, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 2, 2021 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated December 15, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Evaluation of Warranty Reserve 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's warranty reserve is calculated based on the average expected warranty claims using warranty claims by body type, by month, over the life of the bus, which is then multiplied by remaining months under warranty, by warranty type. The total warranty reserve was 19 million as of October 2, 2021. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of certain assumptions related to the average warranty costs per unit and the average expected warranty claim payment patterns used in the evaluation of the warranty reserve as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination were (i) the Company s assumptions relating to the average warranty costs per unit and the payment patterns over the term of the warranty involved a higher degree of auditor judgment, and (ii) specialized actuarial skills were needed to assess the Company's process and evaluate the assumptions regarding the determination of the average expected warranty claims and the affect of those assumptions on the reserve. 
 42 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's warranty claim process, including the data, inputs, and assumptions utilized to estimate the warranty reserve; 
 
 Testing the warranty reserve calculation, including the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, the relevance, reliability, and sufficiency of the assumptions and the sources of data from which the assumptions were derived; 
 
 Involving actuarial professionals with specialized knowledge and skills to assist in: (i) reviewing the Company s actuarial methodology in calculating the warranty reserve, (ii) evaluating certain key assumptions used, including average warranty costs per unit and payment patterns over the term of the warranty, in the determination of the average expected warranty claims, and (iii) determining whether the methodology, assumptions, and calculation were consistent with historical evaluations and the aggregate impact of any changes to assumptions. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 43 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Blue Bird Corporation 
 Macon, Georgia 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Blue Bird Corporation s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2021, based on the COSO criteria . 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 2, 2021, and the related notes and schedule and our report dated December 15, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 44 

BLUE BIRD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands except for share data) October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Equity investment in affiliate Deferred tax assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit Current liabilities Accounts payable Warranty Accrued expenses Deferred warranty income Finance lease obligations Other current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Revolving credit facility Long-term debt Warranty Deferred warranty income Deferred tax liabilities Finance lease obligations Other liabilities Pension Total long-term liabilities Guarantees, commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders' deficit Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued with liquidation preference of at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares outstanding at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020 
 ) ) Total stockholders' deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

BLUE BIRD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Fiscal Years Ended (in thousands except for share data) 2021 2020 2019 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) Loss on debt modification ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliate Net (loss) income ) (Loss) earnings per share: Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic (loss) earnings per share ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

BLUE BIRD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Fiscal Years Ended (in thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Net change in defined benefit pension plan ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

47 

BLUE BIRD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Fiscal Years Ended (in thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash interest expense Share-based compensation Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliate ) ) ) (Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets ) ) Deferred taxes ) Amortization of deferred actuarial pension losses Loss on debt modification Foreign currency hedges Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses, pension and other liabilities ) ) Dividend from equity investment in non-consolidated affiliate Total adjustments ) ) Total cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Cash paid for fixed assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Total cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Net borrowings under the revolving credit facility Borrowings under the term loan Repayments of the term loan ) ) ) Principal payments on finance leases ) ) ) Cash paid for debt costs ) ) Net cash received (paid) for exercises and employee taxes on vested restricted shares and stock option exercises ) ) Proceeds from exercises of warrants Tender offer repurchase of common stock and preferred stock ) Total cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 48 

Fiscal Years Ended (in thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid or received during the period: Interest paid, net of interest received Income tax paid (received), net of tax refunds ) Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: Changes in accounts payable for capital additions to property, plant and equipment and other current assets for capitalized intangible assets ) Cashless exercise of stock options Cashless exercise of warrants Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations Conversion of preferred stock into common stock 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 49 

BLUE BIRD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 Common Stock Convertible Preferred Stock Treasury Stock (in thousands except for share data) Shares Par Value Additional Paid-In-Capital Shares Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Shares Amount Total Stockholders' Deficit Balance, September 29, 2018 ) ) ) Adoption of revenue recognition standard (ASC 606) adjustment ) ) Exercise of stock warrants Restricted stock activity ) ) Stock option activity ) ) Tender offer share repurchases ) ) ) ) ) ) Preferred stock conversion ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance, September 28, 2019 ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock warrants Restricted stock activity ) ) Stock option activity ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance, October 3, 2020 ) ) ) ) Restricted stock activity ) ) Stock option activity Share-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, October 2, 2021 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

BLUE BIRD CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

COVID-19 
 
 Beginning at the end of our second quarter of fiscal 2020 and continuing throughout fiscal 2021, the novel coronavirus known as "COVID-19" spread throughout the world, resulting in a global pandemic. The pandemic significantly impacted our financial results for the second half of fiscal 2020, which continued throughout fiscal 2021, causing, among other matters, lower customer orders for both buses and bus parts, major supply chain disruptions, particularly in the second half of fiscal 2021, higher rates of absenteeism among our hourly production workforce and several temporary shutdowns of our manufacturing facilities during fiscal 2021 as we could not secure an adequate supply of critical components to allow us to initiate or complete, as applicable, the production process to fulfill sales orders. The continuing development and fluidity of the pandemic and its trailing impact precludes any prediction as to the ultimate severity of the adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 

2. 

51 

See Note 12, Revenue , for further revenue information. See Note 3, Supplemental Financial Information, for further information on warranties. 

See Note 3, Supplemental Financial Information, and Note 16 , Benefit Plans, for further information. 

See Note 8, Debt, for further discussion. 
 52 

Costs, including capitalized interest and certain design, construction and installation costs related to assets that are under construction and are in the process of being readied for their intended use, are recorded as construction in progress and are not depreciated until such time as the subject asset is placed in service. Repairs and maintenance that do not extend the useful life of the asset are expensed as incurred. Upon sale, retirement, or other disposition of these assets, the costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and any gain or loss on the disposition is included on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

53 

, , or years, using the straight-line method. The useful lives of our intangible assets are reassessed annually and they are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. 
 
 million and million at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively, incurred in connection with its debt facilities and related amendments. 
 54 

million, million and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively, and is reflected as a component of interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 8, Debt , for a discussion of the Company s indebtedness. 

Pension expense is recognized as a component of other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 to . A provision for estimated warranty costs is recorded at the time a unit is sold. The methodology to determine the warranty reserve calculates the average expected warranty claims using warranty claims by body type, by month, over the life of the bus, which is then multiplied by remaining months under warranty, by warranty type. Management believes the methodology provides an accurate reserve estimate. Actual claims incurred could differ from the original estimates, requiring future adjustments. 
 
 of the remaining warranty value for each effective extended warranty at the balance sheet date. See Note 3, Supplemental Financial Information, for further information. 

For fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, the Company expensed million, million and million, respectively. 

See Note 10, Guarantees, Commitments and Contingencies, for further information. 
 55 

56 

Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 Product Warranties 
 
 Add: current period accruals Less: current period reductions of accrual ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Extended Warranties 
 
 to , for the fiscal years presented: 
 (in thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Balance at beginning of period Add: current period deferred income Less: current period recognition of income ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 The outstanding balance of deferred warranty income in the table above is considered a "contract liability," and represents a performance obligation of the Company that we satisfy over the term of the arrangement but for which we have been paid in full at the time the warranty was sold. We expect to recognize million of the outstanding contract liability in fiscal 2022, and the remaining balance thereafter. 
 57 

Long-term portion Total accrued self-insurance 
 
 The current and long-term portions of the accrued self-insurance liability are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively, on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Shipping and Handling 
 
 Shipping and handling revenues recognized were million, million and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively. The related cost of goods sold were million, million and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 We are charged variable rates of interest on our indebtedness outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement (defined in Note 8) which exposes us to fluctuations in interest rates. On October 24, 2018, the Company entered into a four year interest rate collar with a million notional value with an effective date of November 30, 2018. The collar was entered into in order to partially mitigate our exposure to interest rate fluctuations on our variable rate debt. The collar establishes a range where we will pay the counterparty if the three month LIBOR rate falls below the established floor rate of , and the counterparty will pay us if the three month LIBOR rate exceeds the ceiling rate of . The collar settles quarterly through the termination date of September 30, 2022. No payments or receipts are exchanged on the interest rate collar contracts unless interest rates rise above or fall below the contracted ceiling or floor rates. Throughout the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021, the three month LIBOR rate fell below the established floor, which required us to make million in total cash payments to the counterparty. 
 
 Changes in the interest rate collar fair value are recorded in interest expense as the collar does not qualify for hedge accounting. At October 2, 2021, the fair value of the interest rate collar contract was million and is included in "other current liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the interest rate collar is a Level 2 fair value measurement, based on quoted prices of similar items in active markets. 

Work in process Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 58 

Buildings Machinery and equipment Office furniture, equipment and other Computer equipment and software Construction in process Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets (1) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 (1) Further information is included in Note 10, Guarantees, Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for property, plant and equipment was million, million, and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019, respectively. 
 
 We capitalized million of interest expense in fiscal 2021 related to the construction of plant manufacturing assets. 

Parts Total October 3, 2020 Bus Parts Total 
 
 In the fourth quarters of fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, we performed our annual impairment assessment of goodwill that did not indicate that an impairment existed; therefore, impairments of goodwill have been recorded. 

Finite lived: Customer relationships Total amortized intangible assets Indefinite lived: Trade name Total intangible assets 
 
 59 

impairment of our indefinite lived intangible has been recorded. 
 
 Customer relationships are amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated life of years. Engineering designs are amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated life of or years. Total amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million, and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019, respectively. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total amortization expense 

million five -year credit agreement with Bank of Montreal, which acts as the administrative agent and an issuing bank, Fifth Third Bank, as co-syndication agent and an issuing bank, and Regions Bank, as co-syndication agent, together with other lenders ("Credit Agreement"). 
 
 The credit facilities provided for under the Credit Agreement consisted of a term loan facility in an aggregate initial principal amount of million (the Term Loan Facility and a revolving credit facility with aggregate commitments of million. The revolving credit facility included a million letter of credit sub-facility and a million swing-line sub-facility Revolving Credit Facility, and together with the Term Loan Facility, each a Credit Facility and collectively, the Credit Facilities ). The obligations under the Credit Agreement and the related loan documents (including without limitation, the borrowings under the Credit Facilities and obligations in respect of certain cash management and hedging obligations owing to the agents, the lenders or their affiliates), are, in each case, secured by a lien on and security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries including the Borrower, with certain exclusions as set forth in a collateral agreement entered into on the closing date. 
 
 First Amendment to the Credit Agreement 
 
 On September 13, 2018, the Company entered into a first amendment to the Credit Agreement ("First Amended Credit Agreement"). The First Amended Credit Agreement provided for additional funding of million and was funded in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Substantially all of the proceeds were used to complete a tender offer to purchase shares of our common and preferred stock. 
 
 The First Amended Credit Agreement also increased the revolving credit facility to million from million, a million increase. The amendment extended the maturity date to September 13, 2023, from the effective date of the first amendment. The first amendment also amended the interest rate pricing matrix (as follows) as well as the principal payment schedule (as disclosed at the end of this footnote). In connection with the First Amended Credit Agreement, we incurred million of debt discount and issuance costs, which were recorded as contra-debt and are being amortized over the life of the First Amended Credit Agreement using the effective interest method. 
 
 , and (ii) commencing with the fiscal quarter ended on or about September 30, 2018 and 
 60 

II Greater than or equal to 2.00x and less than 2.50x III Greater than or equal to 2.50x and less than 3.00x IV Greater than or equal to 3.00x and less than 3.25x V Greater than or equal to 3.25x and less than 3.50x VI Greater than 3.50x 
 
 Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement 
 
 On May 7, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment to the Credit Agreement and First Amended Credit Agreement Second Amended Credit Agreement ). The Second Amended Credit Agreement provided million in additional revolving commitments bringing the total revolving commitments to million. The revolving commitments under the Second Amended Credit Agreement mature on September 13, 2023, which is the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the First Amended Credit Agreement. The interest rate pricing grid remained unchanged, but the LIBOR floor was amended from to . We incurred million in fees related to the amendment. The fees were capitalized to other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are being amortized on a straight-line basis to interest expense until maturity of the agreement. 
 
 Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement 
 
 On December 4, 2020, the Company executed a third amendment to the Credit Agreement, First Amended Credit Agreement and Second Amended Credit Agreement ("Third Amended Credit Agreement" and collectively, the "Amended Credit Agreement"). The Third Amended Credit Agreement, among other things, provides for certain temporary amendments to the Credit Agreement from the third amendment effective date through and including the first date on which (a)(i) a compliance certificate is timely delivered with respect to a fiscal quarter ending on or after March 31, 2022 demonstrating compliance with certain financial performance covenants for such fiscal quarter (the Limited Availability Period ), or (ii) the Borrower elects to terminate the Limited Availability Period; and (b) the absence of a default or event of default. 
 
 Amendments to the financial performance covenants provide that during the Limited Availability Period, a higher maximum TNLR is permitted, and requires the Company to maintain liquidity (in the form of undrawn availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents) of at least million. For the duration between the fiscal quarter ended on or around December 31, 2020 and the fiscal quarter ended on or around September 30, 2021 that fell within the Limited Availability Period, a quarterly minimum consolidated EBITDA covenant applies instead of a maximum TNLR. 
 
 The pricing grid in the First Amended Credit Agreement, which is based on the ratio of the Company s consolidated net debt to consolidated EBITDA, remains unchanged. However, during the Limited Availability Period, an additional margin of applies. 
 
 During the Limited Availability Period, the Amended Credit Agreement requires that Borrower prepay existing revolving loans and, if undrawn and unreimbursed letters of credit exceed million, cash collateralize letters of credit if unrestricted cash and cash equivalents exceed million, as determined on a semimonthly basis. Any issuance, amendment, renewal, or extension of credit during the Limited Availability Period may not cause unrestricted cash and cash equivalents to exceed million, or cause the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Facility principal to exceed million. The Third Amended Credit Agreement also implements a cap on permissible investments, restricted payments, certain payments of indebtedness and the fair market value of all assets subject to permitted dispositions during the Limited Availability Period. 
 
 For the duration of the Limited Availability Period, the Amended Credit Agreement sets forth additional monthly reporting requirements, and requires subordination agreements and intercreditor arrangements for certain other indebtedness and liens subject to administrative agent approval. 
 
 The Company incurred approximately million in lender fees and other issuance costs relating to the third amendment. Of such total, approximately million and million was capitalized within other assets and long-term debt (as a contra-balance), respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense on a straight-line basis and utilizing the effective interest method, respectively, until maturity of the Amended Credit Agreement. The remaining approximate million was recorded to loss on debt modification on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 61 

million were expensed to loss on debt modification on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Additional Disclosures 
 
 and , respectively 
 Less: Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 Term loans are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the unpaid principal balance, and are not subject to fair value measurement; however, given the variable rates on the loans, the Company estimates the unpaid principal balance to approximate fair value. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, the term loans would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. At October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, million and million, respectively, were outstanding on the term loans. 
 
 At October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, the stated interest rates on the term loans were and , respectively. At October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, the weighted-average annual effective interest rates for the term loans were and , respectively, which included amortization of the deferred debt issuance costs and interest payments relating to the interest rate collar, as applicable. 
 
 There were million in borrowings outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility at October 2, 2021. Additionally, there were million of Letters of Credit outstanding on October 2, 2021, providing the Company the ability to borrow million on the revolving line of credit. 
 
 Interest expense on all indebtedness for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 2023 Total remaining principal payments 

) State ) ) ) Foreign ) Total current tax benefit (expense) ) ) Deferred tax provision: Federal ) ) State ) Total deferred tax benefit (expense) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) 
 
 At October 2, 2021, the Company had million in state tax credit carryforwards and million federal tax credit carryforwards. The Company maintains a partial valuation allowance on the state tax credit carryforwards. Of this balance, the Company estimates approximately million of state tax credit carryforwards will expire unused between 2028 and 2031. 
 
 62 

million in state net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards and million Federal NOL carryforwards. Of this balance, the Company estimates approximately million of state NOL carryforwards will expire unused between 2028 and 2033. 
 
 The effective tax rates for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 were , and , respectively. 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2021 differed from the statutory Federal income tax rate of . There were several items that increased the effective tax rate to , including the impacts of tax credits, return to accrual adjustments, and state taxes on the Federal rate. These increases were partially offset by a change in uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 differed from the statutory Federal income tax rate of . There were minor items that lowered the effective tax rate to , primarily the impacts of tax credits and state taxes on the Federal rate. These decreases were offset to a lesser degree by the recording of a partial valuation allowance for state taxes and minor return to accrual adjustments. 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 differed from the statutory federal income tax rate of , mainly due to the unfavorable impact of valuation allowances, share-based and other compensation limitations, and state taxes, which included the application of tax credits claimed as offsets against our payroll tax liabilities. The valuation allowance increased mainly due to the accrual of income tax credits that were greater than our ability to utilize before expiration. These items were partially offset by benefits from Federal and state tax credits. 
 
 ) ) (Increase) reduction in income tax expense resulting from: State taxes, net ) Change in uncertain tax positions ) Share-based compensation ) ) Permanent items ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Tax credits Return to accrual adjustments ) Investor tax on non-consolidated affiliate income ) ) Tax rate adjustments ) Other Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) 
 
 The guidance for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires that a determination be made regarding whether a tax position, based solely on its technical merits, is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, which is the threshold required for recognition of the tax position in the financial statements. During fiscal 2021, management obtained additional information that resulted in a conclusion that certain tax positions previously recognized in specific prior year financial statements may be subject to adjustment in conjunction with an examination. Accordingly, such determination resulted in the derecognition of these tax positions during fiscal 2021. The Company's liability arising from uncertain tax positions ("UTPs"), including accrued interest and penalties, is recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Balance, end of year 
 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were accrued interest and penalties of million at October 2, 2021 and ne at October 3, 2020. 
 
 The Company is subject to taxation mostly in the U.S. and various state jurisdictions. At October 2, 2021, tax years prior to 2015 and 2018 are generally no longer subject to examination by Federal and most state tax authorities, respectively. 
 63 

) Other intangible assets ) ) Investor tax on non-consolidated affiliate income ) ) Other assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets NOL carryforward Accrued expenses Compensation Interest limitation carryforward Inventories Unearned income Tax credits Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets less valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets 

, included in current accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was million and million at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. The estimated aggregate undiscounted amount that will be incurred over the next is million. At October 2, 2021, the estimated payments for each of the next five years are million per year and the aggregate amount thereafter is million. Future expenditures may exceed the amounts accrued and estimated. 
 Guarantees 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may provide guarantees for certain transactions entered into by our dealers. At October 2, 2021, we had a million guarantee outstanding that relates to a guarantee of indebtedness for a term loan with a remaining maturity up to . The million represents the estimated maximum amount we would be required to pay upon default of all guaranteed indebtedness, and we believe the likelihood of required performance to be remote. At October 2, 2021, million was included in other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for the estimated fair value of the guarantee. 
 64 

year to years with the option to extend leases for up to years. 
 Finance leases Amortization of lease assets Cost of goods sold Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Short-term leases (1) Cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative expenses Total lease cost 
 
 (1) Short-term lease cost includes both leases and rentals with initial terms of one year or less. Classification depends on the purpose of the underlying lease. 
 
 Finance (1) Finance lease right-of-use Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Other current liabilities Finance Finance lease obligations Long-term Operating Other liabilities Finance Finance lease obligations Total lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Net of accumulated amortization of million and million, respectively. 
 The operating leases recorded do not assume renewal based on our analysis of those leases and their contractual terms. One of our finance leases assumes renewal based on our expectations with regard to the lease and the contractual terms. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 
 65 

years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Operating cash flows - finance leases Financing cash flows - finance leases Right-of-use assets exchanged for lease liabilities Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Purchase Commitments 
 
 2023 Total purchase commitments 

operating segments: (i) the Bus segment, which includes the manufacture and assembly of buses to be sold to a variety of customers across the U.S., Canada, and in international markets; and (ii) the Parts segment, which consists primarily of the purchase of parts from third parties to be sold to dealers within the Company s network. The tables below present segment net sales and gross profit for the periods presented: 
 
 Parts (1) Segment net sales 
 
 (1) Parts segment revenue includes million, million, and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively, related to inter-segment sales of parts that was eliminated by the Bus segment upon consolidation. 
 
 Gross profit 
 (in thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Bus Parts Segment gross profit 
 
 66 

Adjustments: Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) Loss on debt modification ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) 
 
 Canada Rest of world Total net sales 

Alternative powered buses (1) Other (2) Parts Net sales 
 
 (1) Includes buses sold with any power source other than diesel (e.g., gasoline, propane, CNG, electric). 
 (2) Includes shipping and handling revenue, extended warranty income, surcharges, chassis, and bus shell sales. 

shares of common stock. There were no dividends paid with the conversion. 
 
 Tender Offer 
 
 On October 15, 2018, the Company received million in funding from the First Amended Credit Agreement (refer to Note 8, Debt , for more information). In conjunction with the debt funding, we conducted a tender offer and accepted for purchase: 
 
 (i) shares of our common stock at a price of per share, which we hold as treasury stock; and 
 (ii) shares of our Series A Convertible Cumulative Preferred Stock at a price of per share. 
 
 The total aggregate cost was approximately million, which includes fees and expenses related to the tender offer. 
 
 67 

Basic (loss) earnings per share: Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic (loss) earnings per share ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share (1): Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted average dilutive securities, convertible preferred stock Weighted average dilutive securities, restricted stock Weighted average dilutive securities, warrants Weighted average dilutive securities, stock options Weighted average shares and dilutive potential common shares Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) 
 
 million and million shares of common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

shares of common stock in the form of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights (collectively, SARs, and each individually, a SAR ), restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, incentive bonus awards, other cash-based awards and other stock-based awards. The exercise price of a share subject to a stock option may not be less than of the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock with respect to the grant date of such stock option. No portion of the options vest and become exercisable after the date on which the optionee s service with the Company and its subsidiaries terminates. The vesting of all unvested shares of common stock subject to an option will automatically be accelerated in connection with a Change in Control, as defined in the Plan. 
 
 New shares of the Company's common stock are issued upon stock option exercises, or at the time of vesting for restricted stock. We have granted performance awards as part of our overall compensation plans. The vesting of these awards is primarily based upon the attainment of certain performance metrics established under our annual Management Incentive Plan ("MIP"), with the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors maintaining final discretion over vesting amounts. Stock-based payments to employees, including grants of stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units ("RSU"), are recognized in the financial statements based on their fair value. The fair value of each stock option award on the grant date is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: expected dividend yield, expected stock price volatility, weighted-average risk-free interest rate and weighted average expected term of the options. For fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, the volatility assumption used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model was based on peer group volatility because we did not have a sufficient trading history as a stand-alone public company. Because we do not have sufficient history with respect to stock option activity and post-vesting cancellations, the expected term assumption is based on the simplified method under U.S. GAAP, which is based on the vesting period and contractual term for each vesting tranche of awards. The mid-point between the vesting date and the expiration date is used as the expected term under this method. The risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes model is based on the implied yield curve available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues at the date of grant with a remaining term equal to the Company s expected term assumption. The Company has never declared or paid a cash dividend on its common stock. Restricted stock and RSUs are valued based on the intrinsic value of the difference between the exercise price, if any, of the award and the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date. We expense any award with graded-vesting features using a straight-line attribution method and account for forfeitures in recording share-based compensation expense as they occur. 
 
 68 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance, end of year 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock awards granted in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 was and , respectively. 
 
 Compensation expense for restricted stock awards, recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, was million, million, and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019, respectively, with associated tax benefits of million, million, and million, respectively. At October 2, 2021, unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards totaled million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of . 
 
 Stock Option Awards 
 
 Granted Exercised (1) ) Expired (64,308) 17.39 Forfeited ) Outstanding options, end of year (2) Fully vested and exercisable options, end of year (3) 
 
 (1) Stock options exercised during the fiscal year had an aggregate intrinsic value totaling million. 
 (2) Stock options outstanding at the end of the fiscal year had million intrinsic value. 
 (3) Fully vested and exercisable options at the end of the fiscal year had million intrinsic value. 
 
 The total aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Compensation expense for stock option awards, recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, was million, million, and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019, respectively, with associated tax benefits of million, million, and million, respectively. At October 2, 2021, unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards totaled million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of . 
 
 69 

Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) 2.7 - 6.0 4.5 - 6.0 4.5 - 5.5 Weighted-average grant-date fair value 

million and million to the Defined Benefit Plan during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. For fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, benefits paid were million and million, respectively. The projected benefit obligation PBO for the Defined Benefit Plan was million and million at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Interest cost Assumption changes (1) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligations balance, end of year 
 
 (1) The assumption changes referenced in the table above result from (i) changes in the utilized discount rate to value the future obligations, and (ii) updates to the mortality table projections used in the calculation of the benefit obligations. 
 
 Plan Assets: 
 Actual return on plan assets Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year 
 
 70 

Fair value of plan assets Funded status ) ) Net pension liability recognized ) ) 
 Fair Value of Plan Assets: The Company determines the fair value of its financial instruments in accordance with the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the ASC. Fair value represents the price to hypothetically sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly manner in the principal market for that asset or liability. This topic provides a hierarchy that gives highest priority to unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. This topic requires that financial assets and liabilities are classified into one of the following three categories: 
 Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 2 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, or unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability 
 
 The Company evaluates fair value measurement inputs on an ongoing basis in order to determine if there is a change of sufficient significance to warrant a transfer between levels. Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer, which generally coincides with the Company's valuation process. 
 
 The Defined Benefit Plan assets are comprised of various investment funds, which are valued based upon their quoted market prices. The invested pension plan assets of the Defined Benefit Plan are all Level 2 assets under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 ). During fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, there were no transfers between levels. There are no sources of significant concentration risk in the invested assets at September 30, 2021. 
 
 Debt securities Total assets at fair value October 3, 2020 Assets: Equity securities Debt securities Total assets at fair value 
 
 71 

Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit (income) expense ) ) Net (gain) loss ) Amortization of net loss ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss ) Total recognized in net periodic pension benefit (income) expense and other comprehensive (income) loss ) 
 
 The estimated net loss for the Defined Benefit Plan that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is million. The unrecognized gain or loss is amortized as follows: the total unrecognized gain or loss, less the larger of 10 of the liability or 10 of the assets, is divided by the average future working lifetime of active plan participants. 
 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost: October 2, 2021 October 3, 2020 Discount rate Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 
 The benchmark for the discount rates is an estimate of the single equivalent discount rate determined by matching the Defined Benefit Plan s future expected cash flows to spot rates from a yield curve comprised of high-quality corporate bond rates of various durations. 
 
 Debt securities Total securities 
 
 There was no Company common stock included in equity securities. Assets of the Defined Benefit Plan are invested primarily in funds that further invest in equity or debt securities. Assets are valued using quoted prices in active markets. 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for the benefits included in the PBO. In estimating that rate, appropriate consideration is given to the returns being earned by the plan assets in the fund and rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment and a building block method. The expected rate of return on each asset class is broken down into three components: (1) inflation, (2) the real risk-free rate of return (i.e., the long-term estimate of future returns on default free U.S. government securities), and (3) the risk premium for each asset class (i.e., the expected return in excess of the risk-free rate). 
 
 The investment strategy for pension plan assets is to limit risk through asset allocation, diversification, selection and timing. Assets are managed on a total return basis, with dividends and interest reinvested in the account. 
 72 

to its Defined Benefit Plan in fiscal 2022 in accordance with required IRS minimums. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 - 2031 Total expected future benefit payments 
 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 
 The Company offers a defined contribution 401(k) plan covering substantially all U.S. employees and a defined contribution plan for Canadian employees. During fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, the Company offered a match on the first of the employee s contributions. However, due to the impacts of COVID-19, the Company temporarily paused this match from October 2020 through July 2021. The plans also provide for an additional discretionary match depending on Company performance. Compensation expense related to defined contribution plans totaled million, million and million for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019, respectively. 
 
 Health Benefits 
 
 The Company provides and is predominantly self-insured for medical, dental, and accident and sickness benefits. A liability related to this obligation is recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as accrued expenses. Total expense related to this plan recorded for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019, was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Employee Compensation Plans 
 
 The MIP compensates certain key salaried management employees and is derived based upon the "Adjusted EBITDA" (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, as adjusted) and "Free Cash Flow" metrics. There were MIP bonus liabilities included in accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, respectively. 

separate manufacturers. Blue Bird Micro Bird by Girardin Type A buses are produced in Drummondville, Quebec by Micro Bird. 
 
 The Company holds a equity interest in Micro Bird, utilizing the equity method of accounting as the Company does not have control to direct the activities that most significantly impact Micro Bird s financial performance based on the shared powers of the venture partners. The carrying amount of the equity method investment is adjusted for the Company s proportionate share of net earnings or losses and any dividends received. At October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020, the carrying value of the Company's investment was million and million, respectively. During fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, Micro Bird did not pay any dividends to the venture partners. 
 
 In recognizing the Company s portion of Micro Bird net income, the Company recorded million, million, and million in equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliate for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019, respectively. 
 
 73 

) Other comprehensive loss, gross ) ) Amounts reclassified and included in earnings Total before taxes ) ) Income taxes Balance, September 28, 2019 ) ) Other comprehensive loss, gross ) ) Amounts reclassified and included in earnings Total before taxes ) ) Income taxes Balance, October 3, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income, gross Amounts reclassified and included in earnings Total before taxes Income taxes ) ) Balance, October 2, 2021 ) ) 

Fiscal quarter ending April 2, 2022 ) Fiscal quarter ending July 2, 2022 ) Fiscal quarter ending October 1, 2022 
 
 However, in the event that Borrower elects to terminate the Amended Limited Availability Period in fiscal 2022, the maximum TNLR permitted is x. 
 
 74 

January 2, 2022 through April 2, 2022 April 3, 2022 through July 2, 2022 Thereafter 
 
 Additionally, a new financial performance covenant was added in the Fourth Amended Credit Agreement, requiring that school bus units manufactured by the Company Units not fall below the pre-set thresholds set forth in the table below on a three month trailing basis Units Covenant ). The Units Covenant is triggered only if the Company s liquidity for the most-recently ended fiscal month is less than million during the Amended Limited Availability Period: 
 
 Period Minimum Units Manufactured Three month period ending November 27, 2021 Three month period ending January 1, 2022 Three month period ending January 29, 2022 Three month period ending February 26, 2022 Three month period ending April 2, 2022 Three month period ending April 30, 2022 Three month period ending May 28, 2022 Three month period ending July 2, 2022 Three month period ending July30, 2022 Three month period ending August 27, 2022 Three month period ending October 1, 2021 
 
 If the Units during any three fiscal month period set forth above is less than the minimum required by the Units Covenant, Borrower may elect to carry forward up to of certain applicable excess Units to satisfy the Units Covenant requirement. However, Borrower may not make such election in two consecutive three fiscal month periods. 
 
 II Greater than or equal to 2.00x and less than 2.50x III Greater than or equal to 2.50x and less than 3.00x IV Greater than or equal to 3.00x and less than 3.25x V Greater than or equal to 3.25x and less than 3.50x VI Greater than or equal to 3.50x and less than 4.50x VII Greater than or equal to 4.50x and less than 5.00x VIII Greater than 5.00x 
 
 During the Amended Limited Availability Period (notwithstanding the pricing grid set forth above), the applicable rate shall be (a) solely to the extent that the aggregate revolving exposures exceed million, with respect to such excess and (b) with respect to all other revolving exposures, the sum of the rate determined by the administrative agent in accordance with the pricing grid set forth above, plus . 
 
 Additional allowances have been made in the Fourth Amended Credit Agreement for the Company to issue or incur up to million of qualified equity interests issued by the Company, unsecured subordinated indebtedness or unsecured convertible indebtedness (collectively, Junior Capital ). Upon the issuance or incurrence of any Junior Capital, the Company is required to 
 75 

of the net proceeds from such Junior Capital and (b) the aggregate of revolving exposures then outstanding. Prior to the initial issuance or incurrence of any Junior Capital, any issuance, amendment, renewal, or extension of credit during the Amended Limited Availability Period may not cause the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Facility principal to exceed million Availability Cap ). Following any issuance or incurrence of Junior Capital, the Availability Cap is permanently reduced to million. 
 
 For the duration of the Amended Limited Availability Period, the Fourth Amended Credit Agreement sets forth additional monthly reporting requirements in connection with the manufactured school bus units required by the financial performance covenants, when applicable. 
 
 Sale of Common Stock 
 
 On December 15, 2021, the Company issued and sold through a private placement an aggregate shares of its common stock at per share Private Placement to Coliseum Capital Partners and Blackwell Partners LLC (collectively, Coliseum ). Subsequent to the sale, Coliseum will own an approximate equity interest in the Company. In connection with the purchase of the shares, Coliseum receives customary registration rights and the Company will add Adam Gray of Coliseum as a Class II director. The Company intends to use the net proceeds million) from the Private Placement for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions, investments in technologies or businesses, operating expenses and capital expenditures. 
 76 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision of and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as of October 2, 2021 on the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this Report. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on management's assessment and those criteria, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 2, 2021. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued their report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2021, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended October 2, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 77 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspection 
 
 Not applicable. 
 78 

PART III 
 
 Certain information required by Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement (the Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in March 2022. The Company will, within 120 days of the end of its fiscal year, file the Proxy Statement with the SEC or supply the information required by this Part III by amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information responsive to this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Election of Directors, Information Concerning Management, and Corporate Governance and Board Matters contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information responsive to this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Director and Executive Compensation contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information responsive to this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management contained in the Proxy Statement. Also see the section entitled Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans in Item 5 of this Report. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information responsive to this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Corporate Governance and Board Matters and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information responsive to this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Certain Accounting and Audit Matters contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 79 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Index 
 
 (1) Financial Statements. 
 
 The following financial statements are located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 2, 2021 and October 3, 2020 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit for the fiscal years ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020 and September 28, 2019 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 All other schedules are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable. 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 
 
 3.1 The registrant s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on February 26, 2015) . 
 
 3.2 The registrant s Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-192982) filed by the registrant on December 20, 2013). 
 
 4.1 Specimen stock certificate for the registrant s common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on March 2, 2015). 
 
 4.2 Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2016 by and among Blue Bird Corporation, School Bus Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates and Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent and an Issuing Bank, Fifth Third Bank, as Co-Syndication Agent and an Issuing Bank and Regions Bank, as Co-Syndication Agent, and the other lenders party thereto, together with certain exhibits (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on December 15, 2016). 
 
 4.3 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2018, by and among Blue Bird Corporation, School Bus Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including Blue Bird Body Company as the borrower, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent and certain other financial institutions party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on September 13, 2018). 
 
 80 

4.4 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2020, by and among the Company, School Bus Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including Blue Bird Body Company as the borrower, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent and certain other financial institutions party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on May 8, 2020). 
 
 4.5 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, by and among the Blue Bird Corporation, School Bus Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including Blue Bird Body Company as the borrower, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent and certain other financial institutions party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the registrant with the SEC on December 9, 2020). 
 
 4.6 Description of the registrant's securities. 
 
 10.1 Blue Bird Corporation Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement, as filed on January 27, 2020). 
 
 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2015, by and among the registrant, The Traxis Group B.V. and the investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on March 2, 2015). 
 
 10.3 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated May 26, 2016 by and among The Traxis Group BV, Blue Bird Corporation and ASP BB Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on May 27, 2016). 
 
 10.4 Form of grant agreement for incentive stock options granted under the registrant s Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on March 2, 2015). 
 
 10.5 Form of grant agreement for non-qualified stock options granted under the registrant s Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on March 2, 2015). 
 
 10.6 Form of grant agreement for restricted stock granted under the registrant s Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on March 2, 2015). 
 
 10.7 Form of grant agreement for restricted stock units granted under the registrant s Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on March 2, 2015). 
 
 10.8 Revised form of grant agreement for non-qualified stock options granted under the registrant's Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the registrant on December 12, 2019). 
 
 10.9 Revised form of grant agreement for restricted stock units granted under the registrant's Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the registrant on December 12, 2019). 
 
 10.10 Form of indemnity agreement between the registrant and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on March 2, 2015). 
 
 10.11 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2011, between School Bus Holdings Inc. and Philip Horlock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by the registrant on April 23, 2015). 
 
 81 

10.12 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated as of April 1, 2011 between School Bus Holdings Inc. and Philip Horlock made as of June 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by the registrant on April 23, 2015). 
 
 10.13 Severance Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2012, between Blue Bird Corporation and Charles (Trey) Jenkins III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on February 13, 2020). 
 
 10.14 Severance Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2008, between School Bus Holdings Inc. and Paul Yousif (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by the registrant on April 23, 2015). 
 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for directors under the registrant s Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed by the registrant on August 18, 2015). 
 
 10.16 Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2016 by and among Blue Bird Corporation, School Bus Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates and Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent and an Issuing Bank, Fifth Third Bank, as Co-Syndication Agent and an Issuing Bank and Regions Bank, as Co-Syndication Agent, and the other lenders party thereto, together with certain exhibits (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on December 15, 2016). 
 
 10.17 Offer Letter dated October 19, 2015 between Blue Bird Corporation and Tom Roberts (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on December 8, 2017). 
 
 10.18 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2018, by and among the Company, School Bus Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including Blue Bird Body Company as the borrower, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent and certain other financial institutions party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 13, 2018). 
 
 10.19 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2020, by and among Blue Bird Corporation, School Bus Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including Blue Bird Body Company as the borrower, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent, and certain other financial institutions party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on May 8, 2020). 
 
 10.20 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, by and among the Blue Bird Corporation, School Bus Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including Blue Bird Body Company as the borrower, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent and certain other financial institutions party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the registrant with the SEC on December 9, 2020). 
 
 10.21 Revised form of grant agreement for non-qualified stock options granted to employees under the registrant s Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on February 13, 2020). 
 
 10.22 Revised form of grant agreement for restricted stock units granted to employees under the registrant s Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on February 13, 2020). 
 
 10.23 Transition Agreement dated June 22, 2021, between Philip Horlock and Blue Bird Corporation, together with related Consulting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on August 12, 2021). 
 
 10.24 Employment Agreement effective July 1, 2021, between Matthew Stevenson and Blue Bird Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on August 12, 2021). 
 82 

10.25 Retirement Agreement dated June 22, 2021, between Tom Roberts and Blue Bird Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on August 12, 2021). 
 
 10.26 Offer Letter, dated as of October 1 , 202 1 , between Blue Bird Corporation and Razvan Radulescu . 
 
 10.27 Severance Agreement, dated as of October 1 , 2021, between Blue Bird Corporation and Razvan Radulescu . 
 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 
 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. 
 
 31.1 Chief Executive Officer s Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer s Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer s Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer s Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 The following materials from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and furnished electronically herewith: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 _________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Omitted at registrant's option. 

October 3, 2020 October 2, 2021 
 (in thousands) Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance Fiscal Year Ended Beginning Balance Charges to Expense/(Income) Charges utilized/Write offs Ending Balance September 28, 2019 ) October 3, 2020 ) October 2, 2021 
 83 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Blue Bird Corporation 
 Dated: December 15, 2021 By: /s/ Matthew Stevenson Matthew Stevenson President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Person Capacity Date /s/ Matthew Stevenson President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Matthew Stevenson (Principal Executive Officer) December 15, 2021 /s/ Razvan Radulescu Chief Financial Officer Razvan Radulescu (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) December 15, 2021 /s/ Gurminder S. Bedi Gurminder S. Bedi Director December 15, 2021 /s/ Chan Galbato Chan Galbato Director December 15, 2021 /s/ Douglas Grimm Douglas Grimm Director December 15, 2021 /s/ Philip Horlock Philip Horlock Director December 15, 2021 
 /s/ Kevin Penn Kevin Penn Director December 15, 2021 /s/ Alan H. Schumacher Alan H. Schumacher Director December 15, 2021 /s/ Kathleen M. Shaw, PH.D. Kathleen M. Shaw, PH.D. Director December 15, 2021 /s/ Jared Sperling Jared Sperling Director December 15, 2021 
 
 84 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 a2021ex46descriptionofsecu.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 

Exhibit 4.6 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 Authorized and Outstanding Securities 
 Our charter authorizes the issuance of 110.0 million shares, consisting of 100.0 million shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10.0 million shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The outstanding shares of our Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Common Stock 
 Our charter provides that the Common Stock will have identical rights, powers, preferences and privileges. 
 Voting Power 
 Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, the holders of Common Stock possess all voting power for the election of our directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors in its discretion out of funds legally available therefor. In no event will any stock dividends or stock splits or combinations of stock be declared or made on Common Stock unless the shares of Common Stock at the time outstanding are treated equally and identically. 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up, the holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive an equal amount per share of all of our assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders, after the rights of the holders of the preferred stock have been satisfied. 
 Preemptive or Other Rights 
 There are no preemptive rights, redemption provisions or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. 
 Election of Directors 
 Our board of directors is divided into three separate classes with each class serving a three-year term. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our charter provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of our company or the removal of existing management. 
 As of our fiscal year ended October 2, 2021, there were no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. Shares of Series A Convertible Cumulative Preferred Stock issued in connection with our 2015 business combination were either purchased by us or converted by us into Common Stock. 

Exhibit 4.6 

 Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends. In addition, certain of our loan agreements restrict the payment of dividends. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, debt covenants and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions Under our Charter and Pursuant to Delaware Law 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include 
 no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates 
 the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director with or without cause by stockholders, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors 
 subject to any rights of holders of existing preferred shares, the ability of our board of directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors 
 limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers 
 controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of stockholder meetings 
 providing for a staggered board, in which the members of the board of directors are divided into three classes to serve for a period of three years from the date of their respective appointment or election 
 permitting the removal of directors with or without cause by stockholders voting a majority of the votes cast if, at any time and for so long as, American Securities LLC (through its affiliate ASP BB Holdings LLC) beneficially owns, in the aggregate, capital stock representing at least 40 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock 
 advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company 
 requiring an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our entire board of directors and by the holders of at least 66.67 of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock in order to adopt an amendment to our certificate of incorporation if, at any time and for so long as, American Securities LLC (through its affiliate ASP BB Holdings LLC) beneficially owns, in the aggregate, capital stock representing at least 50 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock and 

Exhibit 4.6 

 requiring an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our entire board of directors or by the holders of at least 66.67 of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock to amend our bylaws if, at any time and for so long as, American Securities LLC (through its affiliate ASP BB Holdings LLC) beneficially owns, in the aggregate, capital stock representing at least 50 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of our Company or changes in our board of directors and management. 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding Common Stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding Common Stock. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.26>
 3
 a2021ex1026razvanradulescu.htm
 EX-10.26

Document 

September 1, 2021 
 
 Razvan Radulescu 
 8150 SE 138 th Dr. 
 Portland, OR 97236 

Dear Razvan, 
 Blue Bird is pleased to confirm our offer of employment as outlined in this Letter Agreement. 
 Your Position 
 Upon Board approval, you will be appointed Chief Financial Officer, effective October 1, 2021. You will report to the Chief Executive Officer. As you know, we have announced that Phil Horlock, our current CEO, will step down from that role on October 31. Matt Stevenson, who joined Blue Bird as President on July 1, will succeed Phil as CEO on November 1. 
 Salary 
 Your annual salary will be 450,000, payable on the 10 th and 25 th of each month. 
 Bonus 
 You will be eligible to participate in the annual Blue Bird Management Incentive Bonus Plan MIP with a target of 75 of your base salary. Funding of the MIP is based on achievement of financial metrics approved by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has discretion to substantially increase the payout of the MIP bonus if the Company s performance exceeds the target financial metrics. 
 Equity Awards 
 You will be eligible to participate in Blue Bird s annual Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan LTI with a target of 75 of your base salary. Since becoming a public company in 2015, the LTI Awards have included a mix of stock options and restricted stock units RSUs ). For FY2021, LTI Awards for C-Level officers reporting to the CEO included 25 stock options and 75 RSUs. The LTI Awards vest annually in equal tranches over three years and are subject to performance vesting requirements established by the Board. Details regarding FY2022 LTI Awards will be reviewed in October when the Board establishes the key financial objectives for FY2022. 
 Sign-on Incentive 
 On or before January 15, 2022, the Company will make a one-time incentive payment to you of 100,000 to partially offset incentive payments that you will forfeit upon resigning from your current position. You agree to reimburse the Company the full amount of this incentive payment if you resign on or before September 30, 2023 without the Company s approval. 
 Severance 
 If you are terminated without cause, you will be eligible to receive up to 12 months of base salary and continued group health insurance. This severance benefit is subject to the terms of our standard severance agreement, a copy of which has been provided to you. 
 Withholding 
 All pay, incentives and other compensation shall be subject to applicable withholdings for federal, state and local taxes and shall be payable in accordance with State and Federal law and the Company s regular payroll policies. 

Your Benefits 
 While employed by the Company, you may be entitled to participate in certain benefit plans. Benefits details and eligibility requirements are available in Human Resources. Employees are eligible for benefits after 90 days of continuous service as of their date of hire. 
 Medical and pharmacy benefits 
 Optional Dental coverage 
 Optional vision coverage 
 Flexible Spending Accounts and Dependent Care options 
 Life insurance and AD&D 
 Blue Bird 401(k) Plan 
 To ensure that there is no coverage gap in your group medical insurance, Blue Bird will provide reimbursement for your COBRA coverage, net of your normal monthly contribution, until you become eligible for coverage under Blue Bird s plans. 
 Expense Reimbursement 
 You shall be entitled to receive reimbursement for all appropriate traveling and other business expenses incurred by you in connection with your duties under this Agreement, in accordance with the policies of the Company in effect from time to time. 
 Relocation 
 Our offer includes relocation benefits administered through a third-party vendor we use for executive relocations. These benefits include temporary corporate housing for six months and payment of moving related expenses. In addition, we will make a one-time payment of 75,000 to you to facilitate your move to Blue Bird. 
 
 Employment at Will 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Letter Agreement to the contrary, your employment by the Company will be at will and may be terminated at any time, subject to the Company s generally applicable employment policies. 
 Amendment or Termination of Plans or Practices 
 The Company continues to reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate any of the employee benefit plans or practices described in these materials. In all cases, the plan rules are the exclusive source for determining rights and benefits under a benefit or compensation plan and those plans shall govern if there is conflict with these materials. 
 E-Verify 
 As a federal contractor, we are required to verify the eligibility of all new hires to the Department of Homeland Security utilizing the E-Verify website. As such, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided to us within three (3) business days from your date of hire, or our employment relationship with you may be terminated. If you are unsure what documents are acceptable, please contact me prior to your start date for the current list. 
 Disclosure, Confidentiality, Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation 
 If you have not already done so, we ask that you disclose to the Company any and all agreements relating to your prior employment that may affect your eligibility to be employed by the Company or limit the manner in which you may be employed. It is the Company s understanding that any such agreements will not prevent you from performing the duties of your position and you represent that such is the case. Moreover, you agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity directly related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to the Company. Similarly, you agree not to bring any third-party confidential information to the Company, including that of your former employer, and that in performing your duties for the Company you will not in any way utilize any such information. 
 
 In the coming days we will provide you with additional information regarding employment at Blue Bird. Please let me know if you have any questions or if there is anything we can do to help make your transition a smooth one. 

We look forward to welcoming you at Blue Bird. To accept our offer, please email a signed copy of this letter to felix.lin blue-bird.com . 
 Sincerely, 
 s Felix Lin 
 Felix Lin 
 Vice President HR and External Affairs 
 Blue Bird Corporation 

s Razvan Radulescu 08 23 21 
 _________________________ ________________________ 
 Razvan Radulescu Date 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 4
 a2021ex1027razvanradulescu.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 

SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 

THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of this 1st day of October, 2021 , by and between Blue Bird Corporation (the Company and Razvan Radulescu (the Employee (the Company and the Employee, collectively, the Parties, each a Party ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee is employed by the Company as Chief Financial Officer and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to set forth the terms and conditions of any future termination of the Employee's employment with the Company 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Effective Date Term. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date hereof and shall remain effective until the end of the Severance Period (the Term ). 
 
 2. Eligibility for Severance Benefits. The Employee shall receive the benefits provided for in Section 3 herein Severance Benefits provided that 
 
 a. the Employee's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined below) a Qualifying Termination and 
 
 b. the Employee has complied and continues to comply with the restrictions and obligations set forth in Section 7 herein and 
 
 c. the Employee signs, and does not revoke, a valid general release of all 
 claims against the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, Affiliates (as defined in Section 7(a) herein), successors and assigns, and all such entities' respective current and former directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company (the Release and 
 
 d. the Employee has not breached any of the provisions of the Release or 
 any provisions of this Agreement, as determined by the Company. 
 
 e. the Employee has not entered into a subsequent employment relationship. It is required that the Employee advise the Company in the event during the Severance period if they have accepted and the date that they began other employment. The paid severance will terminate at this point. 
 
 For the purposes of this Agreement, Cause means, as determined by the Company, (i) conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to a felony by the Employee (ii) acts of dishonesty by the Employee resulting or intending to result in personal gain or enrichment at the expense of the Company or its parents, subsidiaries or Affiliates (iii) the Employee's material breach of any agreement between the Company and the Employee or other Company policies as may be in effect from time to time, as amended from time to time (iv) conduct by the Employee in connection with his or her duties that is fraudulent, unlawful or grossly negligent, including, but not limited to, acts of discrimination (v) engaging in personal conduct by the Employee (including but not limited to employee harassment or discrimination, the use or possession at work of any illegal controlled substance) which seriously discredits or damages the Company or its parents, subsidiaries or Affiliates (vi) continuing failure by the Employee to adequately perform his or her duties or continuing inattention to such duties or (vii) breach of the Employee's restrictions and obligations set forth in Section 7 herein before the Termination Date. 

3. Severance Benefits. In the event of a Qualifying Termination in which the Employee satisfies the conditions set forth in Section 2, the Employee shall receive as of the effective date of the termination of the Employee's employment with the Company (the Termination Date the following Severance Benefits 
 
 a. Continued payment of Base Salary as in effect on the Termination Date 
 for a period of twelve (12) months after the Termination Date (the Severance Period (such continued payments, Severance Payments and 
 
 b. reimbursement of the cost of continuation coverage of group health 
 10361599.1 1 

coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 COBRA from the Termination Date until the earlier of (i) the last day of the Severance Period, or (ii) the date the Employee becomes eligible for group health benefits under a plan, policy or program of a subsequent employer, or (iii) the end of the Employee's eligibility period under COBRA provided that the Employee is eligible for and elects such continuation coverage, and subject to the terms of the plan and applicable law. During any remaining period of continuation coverage, the Employee shall be responsible for the entire cost of such continuation coverage. 
 
 No other amounts (including, without limitation, any unpaid bonuses or amounts under any other severance plan, policy or arrangement) or benefits shall be payable or owed to the Employee upon or after the Termination Date, unless otherwise provided for under this Agreement or as otherwise may be required by law. 
 
 4. Payment of Severance Benefits. Severance Payments shall be made to the 
 Employee in twelve (12) equal monthly installments, commencing on the first day of the month following the effective date of the Release. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee shall not be entitled to any Severance Benefits upon or after the Termination Date if the Employee has breached any of the covenants contained in Section 7. If the Company determines that the Employee has breached any of the provisions of the Release or any provisions of this Agreement after the Termination Date, in addition to any other remedies it may have, the Company shall not be liable to the Employee for any Severance Benefits that remain to be paid or provided to the Employee as of the date of the Company's determination that the Employee has breached any such provision. Furthermore, the Employee will immediately return to the Company any such Severance Benefits previously received under this Agreement upon such a breach, and, in the event of such breach, the Company will have no obligation to pay any Severance Benefits that otherwise remain payable. 
 
 5. Other Compensation and Benefits. In addition to any amounts received by the 
 Employee pursuant to Section 3, upon termination of the Employee's employment with the Company the Employee shall also be entitled to (i) the Employee's accrued but unpaid Base Salary to the Termination Date and any employee benefits the Employee may be entitled to pursuant to the employee benefit plans of the Company (ii) the unpaid portion of any bonus, if any, relating to the calendar year prior to the calendar year of the Employee's termination of employment, payable on the earlier of (x) thirty days after the approval by the Board of the consolidated financial statements of the Company, and (y) the date on which the Company pays annual bonuses to other similarly situated employees of the Company (iii) reimbursement for all appropriate business expenses incurred by the Employee in connection with his or her employment by the Company in accordance with the policies of the Company as in effect from time to time that are incurred but not yet reimbursed to the Employee through the Termination Date and (iv) in the event of a Qualifying Termination, payment for accrued unused vacation days, payable in accordance with Company policy. 
 
 6. Tax Withholding. The Company is authorized to withhold from any benefit provided or payment due hereunder, the amount of withholding taxes due under any federal, state or local authority in respect of such benefit or payment and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Board to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes. 

7. Restrictions and Obligations of the Employee. 
 
 a. Confidentiality. 
 
 i. During the course of the Employee's employment by the Company, the Employee has had and will have access to certain trade secrets and confidential information relating to the Company, its parents and or subsidiaries and or the Affiliates (as defined below) of the Company, its parents and or subsidiaries (the Protected Parties which is not readily available from sources outside the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Affiliate means, any entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company and or its parents and or subsidiaries, respectively. The confidential and proprietary information and, in any material respect, trade secrets of the Protected Parties are among their most valuable assets, including but not limited to, their customer, 
 10361599.1 1 

supplier and vendor lists, databases, competitive strategies, computer programs, frameworks, or models, their marketing programs, their sales, financial, marketing, training and technical information, their product development (and proprietary product data) and any other information, whether communicated orally, electronically, in writing or in other tangible forms concerning how the Protected Parties create, develop, acquire or maintain their products and, marketing plans, target their potential customers and operate their retail and other businesses. The Protected Parties invested, and continue to invest, considerable amounts of time and money in their process, technology, know-how, obtaining and developing the goodwill of their customers, their other external relationships, their data systems and data bases, and all the information described above (hereinafter collectively referred to as Confidential Information ), and any misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information in any form would irreparably harm the Protected Parties. The Employee acknowledges that such Confidential Information constitutes valuable, highly confidential, special and unique property of the Protected Parties. The Employee shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Protected Parties all Confidential Information relating to the Protected Parties and their businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Employee during the Employee's employment by the Company and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Employee or representatives of the Employee in violation of this Agreement). Except as required by law or an order of a court or governmental agency with jurisdiction, the Employee shall not, during the period the Employee is employed by the Company or at any time thereafter, disclose any Confidential information, directly or indirectly, to any person or entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever, nor shall the Employee use it in any way, except in the course of the Employee's employment with the Company and for the benefit of the Protected Parties or to enforce any rights or defend any claims hereunder or under any other agreement to which the Employee is a party, provided that such disclosure is relevant to the enforcement of such rights or defense of such claims and is only disclosed in the formal proceedings related thereto. The Employee shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard the Confidential information and to protect it against disclosure, misuse, espionage, loss and theft. The Employee understands and agrees that the Employee shall acquire no rights to any such Confidential information. 
 
 ii. All files, records, documents, drawings, specifications, data, computer programs, evaluation mechanisms and analytics and similar items relating thereto or to the Protected Parties' businesses, as well as all customer lists, specific customer information, compilations of product research and marketing techniques of the Protected Parties, whether prepared by the Employee or otherwise coming into the Employee's possession, shall remain the exclusive property of the Protected Parties, and the Employee shall not remove any such items from the premises of the Protected Parties, except in furtherance of the Employee's duties. 
 
 iii. It is understood that while employed by the Company the Employee will promptly disclose to it, and assign to it the Employee's interest in any invention, improvement or discovery made or conceived by the Employee, either alone or jointly with others, which arises out of the Employee's employment. At the Company's request and expense, the Employee will assist the Protected Parties during the period of the Employee's employment by the Company and thereafter in connection with any controversy or legal proceeding relating to such invention, improvement or discovery and in obtaining domestic and foreign patent or other protection covering the same. 
 
 iv. As requested by the Company and at the Company's expense, 
 from time to time and upon the termination of the Employee's employment with the Company for any reason, the Employee will promptly deliver to the Company all copies and embodiments, in whatever form, of all Confidential information in the Employee's possession or within his or her control (including, but not limited to, memoranda, records, notes, plans, photographs, manuals, notebooks, documentation, program listings, flow charts, magnetic media, disks, diskettes, tapes and all other materials containing any Confidential information) irrespective of the location or form of such material. If requested by 
 10361599.1 1 

the Company, the Employee will provide the Company with written confirmation that all such materials have been delivered to the Company as provided herein. 
 
 b. Non-Solicitation or Hire. During the Employee's employment with the 
 Company and for a period of one (1) year following the Employee's termination of employment for any reason, the Employee shall not directly or indirectly solicit or attempt to solicit or induce, directly or indirectly, (i) any party who is a customer of School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries, or who was a customer of School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to the Termination Date, for the purpose of marketing selling or providing to any such party any services or products offered by or available from School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (provided that if the Employee intends to solicit any such party for any other purpose, he shall notify the Company of such intention and receive prior written approval from the Company), (ii) any supplier to School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries to terminate, reduce or alter negatively its relationship with School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or in any manner interfere with any agreement or contract between School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries and such supplier or (iii) any employee of School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or any person who was an employee of School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries during the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to the date the Employee's employment terminates to terminate such employee's employment relationship with School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries in order, in either case, to enter into a similar relationship with the Employee, or any other person or any entity in competition with the Business of School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 c. Non-Competition. During the Employee's employment with the Company and for a period of one (1) year following the Employee's termination of employment for any reason, the Employee shall not, whether individually, as a director, manager, member, stockholder, partner, owner, employee, consultant or agent of any business, or in any other capacity, other than on behalf of School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries, organize, establish, own, operate, manage, control, engage in, participate in, invest in, permit his or her name to be used by, act as a consultant or advisor to, render services for (alone or in association with any person, firm, corporation or business organization), or otherwise assist any person or entity that engages in or owns, invests in, operates, manages or controls any venture or enterprise which engages or proposes to engage in any business conducted by School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries on the Termination Date or within twelve (12) months of the Employee's termination of employment with the Company in the geographic locations where School Bus Holdings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries, respectively engage or propose to engage in such business (the Business ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from owning for passive investment purposes not intended to circumvent this Agreement, less than five percent (5 of the publicly traded common equity securities of any company engaged in the Business (so long as the Employee has no power to manage, operate, advise, consult with or control the competing enterprise and no power, alone or in conjunction with other affiliated parties, to select a director, manager, general partner, or similar governing official of the competing enterprise other than in connection with the normal and customary voting powers afforded the Employee in connection with any permissible equity ownership). 
 
 d. Non-disparagement. The Employee shall not at any time (whether during or after the Term) publish or communicate to any person or entity any Disparaging (as defined below) remarks, comments or statements concerning the Company, its parents, subsidiaries and or Affiliates, and their respective present and former members, partners, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, attorneys, successors and assigns. Disparaging remarks, comments or statements are those that impugn the character, honesty, integrity or morality or business acumen or abilities in connection with any aspect of the operation of business of the individual or entity being disparaged. 
 
 e. Property. The Employee acknowledges that all originals and copies of materials, records and documents generated by him or coming into his or her possession during his or her employment by the Company are the sole property of the Company 
 10361599.1 1 

Company Property ). During the Term, and at all times thereafter, the Employee shall not remove, or cause to be removed, from the premises of the Company or its parents, subsidiaries or Affiliates copies of any record, file, memorandum, document, computer related information or equipment, or any other item relating to the Business, except in furtherance of his or her duties. When the Employee's employment with the Company terminates, or upon request of the Company at any time, the Employee shall promptly deliver to the Company all copies of Company Property in his or her possession or control. 
 
 8. Remedies Specific Performance. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the 
 Employee's breach or threatened breach of any of the restrictions set forth in Section 7 will result in irreparable and continuing damage to the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, and, as applicable, the Affiliates of the Company and its parents and subsidiaries, for which there may be no adequate remedy at law and that the Company and its parents and subsidiaries, and, as applicable, the Affiliates of the Company and its parents and subsidiaries, shall be entitled to equitable relief, including specific performance and injunctive relief as remedies for any such breach or threatened or attempted breach. The Employee hereby consents to the grant of an injunction (temporary or otherwise) against the Employee or the entry of any other court order against the Employee prohibiting and enjoining him from violating, or directing him to comply with any provision of Section 7. The Employee also agrees that such remedies shall be in addition to any and all remedies, including damages, available to the Company against him or her for such breaches or threatened or attempted breaches. 
 
 9. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement, 
 or any part thereof, is held by a court of competent jurisdiction of any foreign, federal, state, county or local government or any other governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or authority to be invalid, void, unenforceable or against public policy for any reason, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected or impaired or invalidated. The Employee acknowledges that the restrictive covenants contained in Section 7 are a condition of this Agreement and are reasonable and valid in temporal scope and in all other respects. 
 
 10. Judicial Modification. If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the covenants in Section 7, or any part of any of them, is invalid or unenforceable (including, without limitation, because of the geographic or temporal scope of such provision), such covenant or part thereof shall apply to the maximum extent otherwise permitted at applicable law with such modifications as will be necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 
 
 11. Miscellaneous. 
 
 a. No Right to Employment. This Agreement does not create for the Employee any employment right. This Agreement is not a contract of employment and does not alter the employment at-will relationship. Either Party may terminate the employment relationship at any time for any reason. 
 
 b. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement 
 between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto. 
 
 c. Waiver and Amendments. This Agreement may be amended, modified, 
 superseded, canceled, renewed or extended, and the terms and conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument signed by the Parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the Party waiving compliance. No delay on the part of any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any right, power or privilege hereunder, nor any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder 
 
 d. Notices. Any notice or other communication required or which may be 
 given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, telegraphed, telexed, sent by facsimile transmission or sent by certified, registered or express mail, postage prepaid or overnight mail and shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, telegraphed, telexed, or sent by facsimile transmission or, if mailed, four (4) days after the date of mailing or one (1) day after overnight mail, as follows 
 10361599.1 1 

i. If the Company, to 
 Blue Bird Corporation 
 3920 Arkwright Road 
 Macon, GA 31210 
 Attention Legal Department 
 
 ii. If the Employee, to the Employee's home address reflected in the Company's records. 
 
 e. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in 
 accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia applicable to agreements made and not to be performed entirely 'within such state, without regard to conflicts of laws principles. 
 
 f. Dispute Resolution and Venue. The Parties agree irrevocably to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts or, if no federal jurisdiction exists, the state courts, located in Macon, Georgia, for the purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding brought by any Party arising out of any breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby waive, and agree not to assert by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, in any such suit, action, or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper, or that the provisions of this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts. In addition, the Parties agree to the waiver of a jury trial. 
 
 g. Assignability by the Company and the Employee. This Agreement, and the rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Company or the Employee without written consent signed by the other Party provided that the Company may assign the Agreement to any successor that continues the business of the Company. 
 
 h. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 i. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning of terms contained herein. 
 
 j. Survival Sections 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 of this Agreement shall survive after the Term. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above mentioned. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 
 s Razvan Radulescu ___________________________________ 
 Razvan Radulescu 

BLUE BIRD CORPORATION 
 
 By s Felix Lin 
 _______________________________ 
 
 Name Felix Lin 
 Title Vice President, HR & External Affairs 
 10361599.1 1 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 a10-k2021ex211subsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Blue Bird Corporation 
 October 2, 2021 
 Organized under the laws of Subsidiaries that are 100 owned School Bus Holdings Inc. Delaware Peach County Holdings Inc. Delaware Blue Bird Global Corporation Delaware Blue Bird Body Co. Georgia Canadian Blue Bird Coach, Ltd. Canada Subsidiaries that are 50 owned Micro Bird Holdings, Inc. Canada Corporation Micro Bird Inc. Canada Micro Bird USA Corporation New York 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a10-k2021ex231bdoconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Blue Bird Corporation 
 Macon, Georgia 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-261125, No. 333-236372, No. 333-206831 and No. 333-202801) and Form S-8 (No. 333-237102, No. 333-207420, and No. 333-204514) of Blue Bird Corporation of our reports dated December 15, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements and schedule, and the effectiveness of Blue Bird Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 
 December 15, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a2021ex311ceo302certificat.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew Stevenson, the Chief Executive Officer of Blue Bird Corporation (the registrant ), certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Bird Corporation 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated December 15, 2021 By s Matthew Stevenson Matthew Stevenson President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a2021ex312cfo302certificat.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Razvan Radulescu, the Chief Financial Officer of Blue Bird Corporation (the registrant ), certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Bird Corporation 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated December 15, 2021 By s Razvan Radulescu Razvan Radulescu Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a2021ex321ceo906certificat.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Blue Bird Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021, as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew Stevenson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer's knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

Dated December 15, 2021 By s Matthew Stevenson Matthew Stevenson President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall also not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a2021ex322cfo906certificat.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Blue Bird Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021, as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Razvan Radulescu, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer's knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

Dated December 15, 2021 By s Razvan Radulescu Razvan Radulescu Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall also not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 blbd-20211002.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 blbd-20211002_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 blbd-20211002_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 blbd-20211002_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 blbd-20211002_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

