<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211029_10-K_edgar_data_1626644_0001683168-21-005136.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3320138</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>340854</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>218836</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>915759</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>981530</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>766404</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-21-005136.hdr.sgml : 20211029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211029145814
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-21-005136
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Odyssey Group International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				471022125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56196
		FILM NUMBER:		211362661

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2372 MORSE AVE.
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-751-1418

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2372 MORSE AVE.
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-21-005136.txt : 20211029

10-K
 1
 odyssey_10k-073121.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR THE PERIOD 07-31-21

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
.. 

Commission File No. 333-200785 

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) 

Nevada 
 47-1022125 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

2372 Morse Ave 

 Irvine, CA 92614 

 (619) 832-2900 

 (Address and telephone number, including area
code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Title of each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock 0.001 par value) 
 ODYY 
 OTC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the last sales price 0.40) as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board, as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (January 29, 2021). 
 17,295,642 

Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October 29, 2021 
 91,015,650 

____________________________________ 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2021 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 34 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 34 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 45 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 46 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 47 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 54 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 59 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 61 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 63 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 64 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 65 
 
 Signatures 
 66 

i 

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements based on expectations, estimates, and projections as of the date of this filing. Actual results
may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. See Item 1A of Part I Risk Factors. 

Odyssey Group International,
Inc. was formed as a Nevada corporation in March 2014. Our principal executive offices are located at 2372 Morse Ave., Irvine, CA 92614.
The registration statement effectuating our initial public offering became effective in July 2015. 

Our shares of common stock
are listed on the OTCPink Marketplace OTC and there is currently very little public market for our common stock. 

As used herein, when we refer
to Odyssey , ODYY, the Company, our Company, we, us 
and our, we mean Odyssey Group International, Inc., a Nevada corporation, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

General 

Odyssey is a publicly held
holding company with an emphasis on the development and acquisition of medical products and health related technologies. We are focused
on developing and acquiring technologies that have a technological advantage and a substantial market opportunity within significant target
markets across the globe. The corporate mission is to create or acquire distinct technologies and intellectual property with an emphasis
on acquisition targets that will generate positive cash flow. Our strategic mission is to deliver financial results, which yield high
rates of returns for our shareholders and partners. Our leadership team has significant experience and capabilities to commercialize our
technologies and submit to the appropriate regulatory agencies for marketing approval. 

Our business model is to develop or acquire unique medical related products, engage
third parties to manufacture such products and then distribute the products through various distribution channels, including third parties.
We are developing potentially life-saving technologies: the CardioMap heart monitoring and screening device; the Save A Life choking
rescue device; PRV-001 and PRV-002 which are unique neurosteroid drug compounds intended to treat concussions and rare brain disorders.
To date, none of our product candidates has received regulatory clearance or approval for commercial sale. 

We intend to acquire other
technologies and assets and plan to be a trans-disciplinary product development company involved in the development and commercialization
of products and technologies that may be applied over various medical markets. 

We intend to license, improve
and/or develop our products and identify and select distribution channels. We plan to establish agreements with distributors to get products
to market quickly as well as to undertake and engage in our own direct marketing efforts. We will determine the most effective method
of distribution for each unique product that we include in our portfolio. 

We intend to engage third
party research and development firms who specialize in the creation of medical products to assist us in the development. We will apply
for trademarks and patents as we develop proprietary products. 

1 

Financial Information about Industry Segments 

We do not report our financial
results by segment. See financial statements. 

Our Growth Strategy 

If the FDA clears or approves
our product candidates, we intend to enter into agreements with qualified distributors throughout the United States. A similar approach
will be pursued if our product candidates are cleared or approved for marketing outside of the United States. We intend to require such
distributors to pay us an initial license fee, as well as royalties based on gross sales. Retaining exclusivity, will be based on a mutually
agreeable semi-annual or quarterly sales minimum. We have determined to focus on international growth because, generally, such international
license agreements provide a stronger path to revenue and earnings than purely domestic products. 

Our objective is to grow revenue
through marketing and sales of each of our product candidates, CardioMap and Save a Life, if they gain regulatory approvals. Although
no assurances can be given, management anticipates company growth from the following areas: 

1) Distribution or License Agreements. In most cases, we will enter into distribution agreements with
companies who have sales professionals with experience selling through a variety of sales methods. These distribution agreements will
allow us to more quickly achieve sales and revenue in the health products industries. 

2) Generate revenues from sales of CardioMap and Save a Life. We intend to market
CardioMap and Save a Life through third party distributors and through our own efforts. 

3) Identify and develop CardioMap for additional proprietary uses of the product. We intend to
pursue development of CardioMap technology for use in other areas of the human body, such as the brain, liver and kidney. 

4) The development and acquisition of new products. We intend to pursue development and acquisition
of other product candidates and market any new products, if cleared or approved. We intend, as capital resources permit, to develop such
opportunities if and when they present themselves. 

5) Seek partners to assist in the further development of our drug device combination products. We
intend to seek partners to assist with the further development and clinical trials of both PRV-001 and PRV-002. Partnerships could be
in the form of government grants or from industry pharmaceutical companies who have an interest in brain related drug therapies. 

We currently have no products
authorized for commercial distribution in either the United States, Europe or any other country. We are developing devices and pharmaceutical
drugs, which are in various stages of development, and which will require regulatory clearance or approvals and we cannot begin marketing
and selling our product candidates until we obtain applicable authorizations from the respective regulatory agency. FDA clearance or approval
to market the products will be required to sell in the United States. 

About CardioMap 

The CardioMap System
is intended to be a heart monitoring and screening device based on a novel method of Dispersion Mapping in ECG analysis for the early,
non-invasive testing for coronary heart disease CHD ). The heart monitoring system is intended to provide high quality 3-D
visualization and diagnosis of the heart using advanced signal analysis. The product is being designed for use in a professional setting
or in remote settings including in-home use. We have exclusive, royalty free rights to USPTO patent number 7,519,416 B2 related to the
CardioMap technology. 

2 

FDA cleared or approved, CardioMap 
could provide a better level of diagnosis with its improved sensitivity levels that can detect early warning signs that would normally
be invisible with standard ECG devices. The system can dramatically cut the costs associated with the detection of ischemic heart disease
and will prove to be an invaluable testing device for cardiologists, physicians, clinics, hospitals, the fitness industry, sports teams,
emergency facilities and general public. CardioMap was developed by VE Science Technology LLC, from whom we have purchased the product
rights. We have a working model of the device and associated software and plan to further develop the technology for clinical trials and
a 510K FDA submission. To sell, market and distribute the CardioMap product, clearance or approval from the FDA is required. Such
clearance or approval has not been obtained at this time. 

Product Development Plan: 

Concept 
 Engineering Model 
 Prototype 
 Clinical Trial 
 FDA Submission 
 
 Complete 
 Complete 
 In Process; Testing 
 Q2 2022 
 Q2 2022 

This product development plan
is an estimate and is subject to change based on funding, technical risks and regulatory approvals. 

About Save-a-Life 

In July of 2019 we purchased
all intellectual property including two patents for the choking rescue device: patent Number RE45, 535 E and patent Number 8,454,624 B2.
The Save a Life SAL choking rescue device is currently in development and being designed to be a safe, and easy to
use device for removing a lodged mass from the throat of a choking victim. The device includes a pump for creating a vacuum chamber, which
is connected seamlessly with a replaceable/disposable mouthpiece. In an emergency the SAL may be easily inserted into the victim s
mouth, which depresses the tongue providing a clear application. By pressing an activation button on the device, the internal pump is
intended to deliver the appropriate amount of instantaneous vacuum to dislodge the mass without harm or damage to the person. The application
is intended to be instantly effective as the device will be operational and effective in a matter of seconds. To sell, market and distribute
the Save-a-Life product, clearance or approval from the FDA is required. Clinical trials for the device will be conducted on anatomically
correct models to demonstrate device performance. The regulatory pathway is expected to be a 510k submission to the FDA once successful
clinical data is obtained. FDA clearance or approval has not been obtained at this time. The Development Plan for the Save-a-Life is below. 

Product Development Plan 

Concept 
 Engineering Model 
 Prototype 
 Clinical Trial 
 FDA Submission 
 
 Complete 
 Complete 
 Q1 2022 
 Q2 2022 
 Q3 2022 

Product Development Plan is
an estimate only and is subject to change based on funding, technical risks and regulatory approvals. 

About the neurosteroid PRV-001 

The neurosteroid, PRV-001,
is intended to improve function and lifespan in pediatric disorders where de-myelination and cell death is widespread in the cortex, subcortical
nuclei, brainstem and cerebellum regions of the brain. The new chemical entity is designed to work through gene amplification to simultaneously
remove intra-neuronal debris while promoting antioxidant capacity and myelin repair/cell proliferation. Disorders like Nieman Pick Type
C disease are multi-faceted in their pathology and require a treatment that can work at many levels to stop progression. The chemical
compound for the neurosteroid being developed has completed an initial safety study in rats. Results of preclinical studies suggest that
PRV-001 may improve neuromotor, cognitive and mental performance. To sell the PRV-001 neurosteroid, further development and clinical studies
are required. PRV-001 will also require approval by the FDA in order to be sold in the United States. 

Per our agreement with Prevacus,
Inc. a Tallahassee, Florida based biotech company, we have fifty percent ownership in the drug compound and associated intellectual property.
There are issued patents covering methods of PRV-001 synthesis. 

3 

Product Development Plan for
PRV-001: 

Pre-clinical Animal Studies 
 Phase 1a 
 Phase 1b 
 Phase 2 
 Phase 3 
 FDA Submission 
 
 Q1 2022 
 Q3 2022 
 Q1 2023 
 Q3 2023 
 Q3 2024 
 Q3 2025 

This product development plan
is an estimate and is subject to change based on funding, technical risks and regulatory approvals. 

About the neurosteroid PRV-002 

On March 1, 2021, we purchased
one hundred percent of the drug compound PRV-002 from Prevacus, Inc. PRV-002 is a fully synthetic, non-naturally occurring neurosteroid
being developed for the treatment of mTBI (concussion). Results of preclinical studies suggest that PRV-002 has equivalent, and potentially
superior, neuroprotective effects compared to related neurosteroids. In animal models of concussion PRV-002 reduced the behavioral pathology
associated with brain injury symptoms such as short-term memory loss, depression/anxiety-like behavior and motor-sensory impairment. The
drug is administered through the nasal passage from a novel device. PRV-002 is lipophilic and can cross the blood-brain barrier thus supporting
its potential to rapidly eliminate swelling, oxidative stress and inflammation in the brain while restoring proper blood flow through
gene amplification. 

The drug has completed toxicology
studies in rat and dog. Studies show that PRV-002 has a safety margin over 200X it s predicted efficacious dose. PRV-002 to date
has been shown to be stable up to 104 degrees for 6-months. The drug candidate is currently being spray-dry manufactured into a powder
that will be filled into the novel breath-propelled nasal device developed by Odyssey. The device is light weight and easy to use in the
field. Odyssey s novel nasal device is breath-propelled causing the soft palate to close in the back of the nasopharynx. This mechanism
traps PRV-002 in the nasal cavity allowing for a more abundant and faster drug availability in the traumatized brain. Safety studies have
established a dosing regimen of 2X/day for fourteen (14) days. Clinical Trial Phase I is site-set in Melbourne, Australia with a Contract
Research Organization (CRO), Nucleus Network Inc. The country of Australia provides a twenty percent (20 currency exchange advantage
and a 43.5 rebate at the end of our fiscal year from the Australian government on all Research and Development performed in Australia.
The trial is expected to begin in November 2021. 

A comprehensive Investigator s
Brochure has been created and submitted to the Alfred Ethics Committee by our CRO in Australia. Approval has been granted to initiate
the phase 1 human trial and subjects have been enrolled. The phase 1 trial will have two components to it, phase 1a and 1b. Phase 1a is
designed to determine the safety profile of the drug in healthy human subjects. Phase 1a will have forty-eight subjects using a Single
Ascending/Multiple Ascending (SAD/MAD) drug administration design. For both the SAD and MAD portions there will be 4 groups, placebo,
low dose, middle dose and high dose. All dosages are within the animal preclinical efficacy and safety range. The SAD component is a 1X
treatment and the MAD component is a 1X/day treatment for 5-days. Blood and urine samples will be collected at multiple time points for
safety pharmacokinetics. Standard safety monitoring will be provided for each bodily system. Phase 1b will begin following the completion
of the final safety report from Phase 1a establishing no safety concerns. In Phase 1b PRV-002 will be administered to 24 acutely-concussed
patients, 2x a day for 14-days. The trial will be low powered and evaluate safety as well as efficacy measurements to be used in Phase
2/3 clinical trials. Based on the Phase 1a and 1b data we plan to submit an application for an Investigational New Drug with the FDA and
conduct a phase 2 trial in the United States. 

Patents on PRV-002 have been
filed and/or issued: 

Composition of matter for PRV-002 and analogs 

Use for treating traumatic brain injury 

Synthetic methods for PRV-002 

4 

Product
Development Plan 

Pre-clinical Animal Studies 

Phase 1a 
 (start date) 

Phase 1b 
 (start date) 

Phase 2 
 (start date) 

Phase 3 
 (start date) 
 U.S. Food and Drug 
 Administration Submission 
 
 Complete 
 September 2021 
 January 2022 
 
 August 2022 
 January 2024 
 April 2025 

This product development plan
is an estimate and is subject to change based on funding, technical risks and regulatory approvals. 

Competition 

We believe that the primary
competition for our products and services is from existing companies offering EKG equipment and anti-choking devices, as well as other
pharmaceutical companies engaged in the development of Orphan drugs. 

Governmental Regulation 

Product Regulation 

Domestic. The processing,
formulation, safety, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of our products may be subject to certain regulation
by one or more federal agencies, including the FDA, Housing and Human Services (the HHS ), the Federal Trade Commission (the
 FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the CPSC ), the United States Department of Agriculture (the
 USDA and the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), and by various agencies of the states and localities
in which our products are sold. 

To sell, market and distribute
the CardioMap , the Save a Life or the drug compound products, clearance or approval from the FDA is required. Such clearance or approval
has not been obtained at this time and our products are not currently available for commercial sale. 

Foreign. Any products
we eventually sell in foreign countries are also subject to regulation under various national, local and international laws that include
provisions governing, among other things, the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of drugs
and medical products. Government regulations in foreign countries may prevent or delay the introduction, or require the reformulation,
of some of our products. 

Employees 

At the date hereof, we have
four employees and intend to hire additional employees in the foreseeable future. 

Where you can find more information 

Our Annual Report on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ). Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website
at http://www.odysseygi.com when such reports are available on the SEC website. The public may read and copy any materials filed
by us with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain
information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.
The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended
to be inactive textual references only. 

5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

Our business is subject to
a number of risks that you should be aware of before making a decision to invest in our securities, as fully described under Risk
Factors in this prospectus. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our securities risky include, among
others: 

An investment in our securities
has a high degree of risk. Before you invest you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information
in this prospectus. Any of the risks and uncertainties set forth herein could materially and adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the trading price or value of our securities.
Additional risks not currently known to us or which we consider immaterial based on information currently available to us may also materially
adversely affect us. As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment. 

We are a development stage company with little operating history, a
history of losses and we cannot assure profitability and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our
ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited financial statements. We may be unable to continue to operate without
the threat of liquidation for the foreseeable future. 

Raising additional capital by issuing securities or through debt financings or licensing arrangements
may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product
candidate on terms unfavorable to us. 

There are substantial inherent risks in attempting to commercialize newly developed products, and, as
a result, we may not be able to successfully develop new products. 

We will need to achieve commercial acceptance of our products, if cleared or approved, to generate revenues
and achieve profitability. 

We currently only have four product candidates, which are still in development, and we have not obtained
authorization from any regulatory agency to commercially distribute the products in any country and we may never obtain such authorizations. 

We will depend on third parties for the manufacture and distribution of our product candidates and products,
if cleared or approved, and the loss of our third-party manufacturer and distributor could harm our business. 

We may be forced to litigate to enforce or defend our intellectual
property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of other parties proprietary rights. 

If our intellectual property protection is inadequate, competitors may gain access to our technology and
undermine our competitive position. 

We have and may continue to encounter substantial delays in planned clinical trials, or our planned clinical
trials for other indications may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates to the satisfaction of applicable
regulatory authorities. 

We may be substantially dependent on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. 

We may be required to suspend or discontinue clinical trials due to side effects or other safety risks
that could preclude approval of our products. 

U.S. legislative or FDA regulatory reforms may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory
approval of our product candidates and to manufacture, market and distribute our products after marketing authorization is obtained. 

Conducting any future clinical trials of our product candidates and any future commercial sales of a product
candidate may expose us to expensive product liability claims, and we may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on reasonable
terms or at all and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 

6 

We participate in transactions and make tax calculations for which the ultimate tax determination may
be uncertain. 

If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial results or prevent financial fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our
financial reporting. 

If our expenses are greater than anticipated, then we will have fewer funds with which to pursue our plan
of operations and our financing requirements will be greater than anticipated. 

We are heavily dependent upon the ability and expertise of our management team and a very limited number
of employees and the loss of such individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 

Investors could lose confidence in our financial reports, and the value of our common stock may be adversely
affected, if our internal controls over financial reporting are found not to be effective by management or by our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

Challenges to our tax positions in U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdictions, the interpretation and
 application of recent U.S. tax legislation or other changes in U.S. or non-U.S. taxation of our operations could harm our
 business, revenue and financial results. 

If our business is unsuccessful, our stockholders may lose their entire investment. 

The sale or issuance of our common stock to Lincoln Park may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of common stock acquired
by Lincoln Park, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our common stock to fall. 

A limited public trading market exists for our common stock, which makes it difficult for our stockholders to sell their common
stock on the public markets. Any trading in our shares may have a significant effect on our stock prices. 

The sale of shares of our common stock could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

A limited number of stockholders collectively own a significant portion of our common shares and may act, or prevent corporate
actions, to the detriment of other stockholders. 

The reverse split of our common stock could decrease our total market capitalization and increase, and may continue to increase,
the volatility of our stock price. 

The reverse stock split could increase our authorized but unissued shares of common stock, which could negatively
impact a potential investor. 

Trading of our common stock could be sporadic, and the price of our common stock may be volatile; we caution you as to the highly
illiquid nature of an investment in our shares. 

7 

RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities
has a high degree of risk. Before you invest you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information
in this prospectus. Any of the risks and uncertainties set forth herein could materially and adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the trading price or value of our securities.
Additional risks not currently known to us or which we consider immaterial based on information currently available to us may also materially
adversely affect us. As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and
Need for Capital 

We are a development stage company
with little operating history, a history of losses and we cannot assure profitability. 

We have been incurring operating
losses and cash flow deficits since the inception of such operations. Our lack of operating history, and the lack of historical pro forma
combined financial information, makes it difficult for investors to evaluate our prospects for success. Prospective investors should consider
the risks and difficulties we might encounter, especially given our lack of an operating history or historical pro forma combined financial
information. There is no assurance that we will be successful, and the likelihood of success must be considered in light of its relatively
early stage of operations. As we have not begun to generate revenue, it is extremely difficult to make accurate predictions and forecasts
of our finances. There is no guarantee that our products or services will be attractive to potential consumers. 

There is substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. 

We are in the development
stage and are currently seeking additional capital, mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships and other business arrangements
to expand our product offerings and generate revenue. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability in the
future to generate revenue and achieve profitable operations and, in the meantime, to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations
and repay our liabilities when they become due. External financing, predominantly by the issuance of equity and debt, will be sought to
finance our operations; however, there can be no certainty that such funds will be available at terms acceptable to us. These conditions
indicate the existence of material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have not generated any
revenue or profit from operations since our inception. We expect that our operating expenses will increase over the next twenty-four months
in order to continue our development activities. Based on our average monthly expenses and current burn rate, we estimate that our cash
on hand will not be able to support our operations through the balance of this calendar year. This amount could increase if we encounter
difficulties that we cannot anticipate at this time or if we acquire other businesses. Should this amount not be sufficient to support
our continuing operations, we do not expect to be able to raise any additional capital through debt financing from traditional lending
sources since we are not currently generating a profit from operations. Therefore, we only expect to raise money through equity financing
via the sale of our common stock or equity-linked securities such as convertible debt. We are currently in discussions with a number of
institutional investors who could provide the capital required for our ongoing operations. If we cannot raise the money that we need in
order to continue to operate our business beyond the period indicated above, we will be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some
or all of our proposed operations. If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial risk that our business would fail. If we are
unsuccessful in raising additional financing, we may need to curtail, discontinue, or cease operations. 

Our actual financial position and
results of operations may differ materially from management s expectations. 

We have experienced some changes
in our operating plans and certain delays in our plans. As a result, our revenue, net loss and cash flow may differ materially from our
projections. The process for estimating our revenue, net loss and cash flow requires the use of estimates and assumptions. These estimates
and assumptions may be revised as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses are performed. In addition, the
assumptions used in planning may not prove to be accurate, and other factors may affect our financial condition or results of operations. 

8 

We expect to incur significant
ongoing costs and obligations related to our investment in infrastructure and growth and for regulatory compliance, which could have a
material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, future changes in regulations,
more vigorous enforcement thereof or other unanticipated events could require extensive changes to our operations, increased compliance
costs or give rise to material liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset
our higher operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including unforeseen expenses, difficulties,
complications and delays, and other unknown events. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the market price of our Common
Shares may significantly decrease. 

Our limited operating history creates
substantial uncertainty about future results. 

We have limited operating
history and operations on which to base expectations regarding our future results and performance. To succeed, we must do most, if not
all, of the following: 

raise corporate equity to support our operating costs and to have sufficient funds to develop, market
and sell our products; 
 
 locate strategic licensing and commercialization partners; 
 
 obtain proper regulatory clearances domestically and abroad; 
 
 attract, integrate, retain and motivate qualified management and sales personnel; 
 
 successfully execute our business strategies; 
 
 respond appropriately and timely to competitive developments; and 
 
 develop, enhance, promote and carefully manage our corporate identity. 

Our business will suffer if
we are unable to accomplish these and other important business objectives. We are uncertain as to when, or whether, we will fully implement
our contemplated business plan and strategy or become profitable. 

Because we may never have net income
from our operations, our business may fail. 

We have no history of profitability
from operations. There can be no assurance that we will ever operate profitably. Our success is significantly dependent on uncertain events,
including successful developing our products, establishing satisfactory manufacturing arrangements and processes, and distributing and
selling our products. If we are unable to generate significant revenues from sales of our products, we will not be able to earn profits
or continue operations. We can provide no assurance that we will generate any revenues or ever achieve profitability. If we are unsuccessful
in addressing these risks, our business will fail, and investors may lose all of their investment in our Company. 

Our ability to generate positive cash
flows is uncertain. 

To develop and expand our
business, we will need to make significant up-front investments in our manufacturing capacity and incur research and development, sales
and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. In addition, our growth will require a significant investment in working capital.
Our business will require significant amounts of working capital to meet our project requirements and support our growth. We cannot provide
any assurance that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet these requirements. If adequate funds are not available or are
not available on satisfactory terms, we may be required to significantly curtail our operations and may not be able to fund our current
production requirements, let alone fund expansion, take advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities, develop or enhance our products,
and respond to competitive pressures. Any failure to obtain such additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. 

9 

We need to raise additional funds,
and such funds may not be available on acceptable terms. 

We may consider issuing additional
debt or equity securities in the future to fund our business plan, for general corporate purposes or for potential acquisitions or investments.
If we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the
new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we incur additional
debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization, requiring us to pay additional interest expenses.
We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, in which case, we may not be able to develop or enhance our products, execute
our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures. 

We may have difficulty raising additional
capital, which could deprive us of the resources necessary to implement our business plan, which would adversely affect our business,
results of operation and financial condition. 

We expect to continue devoting
significant capital resources to fund research and development and marketing. In order to support the initiatives envisioned in our business
plan, we will need to raise additional funds through the sale of assets, public or private debt or equity financing, collaborative relationships
or other arrangements. If our operations expand faster or at a higher rate than currently anticipated, we may require additional capital
sooner than we expect. We are unable to provide any assurance or guarantee that additional capital will be available when needed by our
company or that such capital will be available under terms acceptable to our company or on a timely basis. 

Our ability to raise additional
financing depends on many factors beyond our control, including the state of capital markets, the market price of our common stock and
the development or prospects for development of competitive products by others. Because our common stock is not listed on a major stock
market, many investors may not be willing or allowed to purchase it or may demand steep discounts. If additional funds are raised through
the issuance of equity, convertible debt or similar securities of our company, the percentage of ownership of our company by our company s
stockholders will be reduced, our company s stockholders may experience additional dilution upon conversion, and such securities
may have rights or preferences senior to those of our common stock. The preferential rights granted to the providers of such additional
financing may include preferential rights to payments of dividends, super voting rights, a liquidation preference, protective provisions
preventing certain corporate actions without the consent of the fund providers, or a combination thereof. We are unable to provide any
assurance that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us or at all. 

If adequate funds are not
available or are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our expansion, take advantage of potential opportunities, would
be limited significantly. We will also scale back or delay implementation of research and development of new products. Thus, the unavailability
of capital could substantially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The capital requirements necessary
to implement our business plan initiatives could pose additional risks to our business and stockholders. 

We require additional debt
or equity financing to implement our business plan and marketing strategy. Since the terms and availability of such financing depend,
to a large degree, on general economic conditions and third parties over which we have no control, we can give no assurance that we will
obtain the needed financing or that we will obtain such financing on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to obtain financing depends
on a number of other factors, many of which also are beyond our control, such as interest rates and national and local economic conditions.
If the cost of obtaining needed financing is too high or the terms of such financing are otherwise unacceptable in relation to the strategic
opportunity we are presented with, then we may decide to forego that opportunity. Additional indebtedness could increase our leverage
and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and may limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. Additional equity financing
could result in dilution to our stockholders. 

10 

Our independent registered public
accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited
financial statements. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm has issued its audit opinion on our consolidated financial statements appearing in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, including an explanatory paragraph as to substantial doubt with respect to our ability to continue
as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, our net loss was 16,883,095, and
we had an accumulated deficit of 45,733,823. As of July 31, 2021, we had current liabilities of 3,377,887 and current assets of 610,119
and a working capital deficit of 2,767,768. For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020, our net loss was 4,348,855 and, as of July 31,
2020, we had an accumulated deficit of 28,850,728. As of July 31, 2020, we had current liabilities of 707,062, and current assets of
 99,619 and a working capital deficit of 657,443. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
which is dependent on our ability to raise the required additional capital or debt financing to meet short- and long-term operating requirements.
We may also encounter business endeavors that require significant cash commitments or unanticipated problems or expenses that could result
in a need for additional cash. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions.
To stay in business, we will need to raise additional capital through public or private sales of our securities or debt financing. In
the past, we have financed our operations by issuing secured and unsecured convertible debt and equity securities in private placements,
in some cases with equity incentives for the investor in the form of warrants to purchase our common stock, and we have borrowed from
related parties. We have sought, and will continue to seek, various sources of financing. If we raise additional funds through the issuance
of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our current stockholders could be reduced, and such securities might
have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or
available at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective business
endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our operations. If we are unable to obtain necessary capital,
we may have to cease operations. There are no additional commitments from anyone to provide us with financing. We can provide no assurance
as to whether our capital raising efforts will be successful or as to when, or if, we will be profitable in the future. Even if we achieve
profitability, we may not be able to sustain such profitability. If we are unable to obtain financing or achieve and sustain profitability,
we may have to suspend operations or sell assets, making us unable to execute our business plan. Failure to become and remain profitable
may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital and continue operations. For additional information,
see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Going Concern. 

Raising additional capital by issuing
securities or through debt financings or licensing arrangements may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations
or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidate on terms unfavorable to us. 

To the extent that we raise
additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of
such securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing, if available,
may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring additional
debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships with third parties,
we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidate, future revenue streams, research programs or product
candidate, or otherwise grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed,
we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts for our product candidate
or our preclinical product candidates, or grant rights to develop and market potential future product candidates that we would otherwise
prefer to develop and market ourselves. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to achieve our product development and
commercialization goals and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

11 

Risks Related to Our Technology, Development
and Commercialization of our Product Candidates 

Our success depends on the viability
of our business model, which is unproven and may be unfeasible. 

Our revenue and income potential
are unproven, and the business model of Odyssey is new. Our new business model is based on a variety of assumptions based on a growing
trend in the health care systems in the United States and many other countries, where we are seeing a movement towards preventative medicine
that is directly decreasing general healthcare costs. The CardioMap , through its screening and predictive values, is a tool, if approved
or cleared, might be implemented in this preventative approach. Considering heart disease-caused deaths are still the number one cause
of death and one of the most important health care costs factors, the CardioMap device has potential value in any medical practice.
If approved or cleared for marketing, it could be an ideal device, allowing insurance companies to potentially cut costs through early
diagnostic and preventative care. These assumptions may not reflect the business and market conditions we actually face. As a result,
our operating results could differ materially from those projected under our business model, and our business model may prove to be unprofitable.
There is no guarantee that the device will be approved or cleared for commercial use. 

The Save a Life choking rescue
device is in the development stage and has not been approved or cleared for commercial use. Further development is required, and the final
product will require FDA approval or clearance. There is no guarantee that the device will be approved or cleared for commercial use. 

The product candidate
PRV-001, for which we own 50 of the intellectual property, will be developed by Prevacus and is in its early stages and
will require extensive testing and clinical trials before it is commercialized. There is no guarantee that PRV-001 will be approved
for commercial use. 

The product candidate PRV-002
being developed by us and is in its early stages and will require extensive testing and clinical trials before it is commercialized. There
is no guarantee that PRV-002 will be approved for commercial use. 

If we fail to obtain marketing
authorization for our product candidates, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

There are substantial inherent risks
in attempting to commercialize newly developed products, and, as a result, we may not be able to successfully develop new products. 

We plan to conduct research
and development of health-related technologies. However, commercial feasibility and acceptance of such product candidates are unknown.
Scientific research and development require significant amounts of capital and takes an extremely long time to reach commercial viability,
if at all. During the research and development process, we may experience technological barriers that we may be unable to overcome. Because
of these uncertainties, it is possible that some of our future product candidates will never be successfully developed. If we are unable
to successfully develop new products, we may be unable to generate new revenue sources or build a sustainable or profitable business. 

We will need to achieve commercial
acceptance of our products, if cleared or approved, to generate revenues and achieve profitability. 

Superior competitive products
may be introduced, or customer needs may change, which would diminish or extinguish the uses for our products, if cleared or approved.
We cannot predict when significant commercial market acceptance for our products, if cleared or approved, will develop, if at all, and
we cannot reliably estimate the projected size of any such potential market. If markets fail to accept our products, then we may not be
able to generate revenues from them. Our revenue growth and achievement of profitability will depend substantially on our ability to introduce
new products that are accepted by customers. If we are unable to cost-effectively achieve acceptance of our products by customers, or
if our products do not achieve wide market acceptance, then our business will be materially and adversely affected. 

12 

We currently only have four product
candidates, which are still in development, and we have not obtained authorization from any regulatory agency to commercially distribute
the products in any country and we may never obtain such authorizations. 

We currently have no products
authorized for commercial distribution in either the United States, Europe or any other country. We are developing the devices and pharmaceutical
drugs which require regulatory clearance or approvals, we cannot begin marketing and selling our product candidates until we obtain applicable
authorizations from the respective regulatory agency. The process of obtaining regulatory authorization is expensive and time-consuming
and can vary substantially based upon, among other things, the type, complexity and novelty of a product candidate. Changes in regulatory
policy, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product
application may cause delays in the authorization of a product candidate or rejection of a regulatory application altogether. 

The FDA has substantial discretion
in the review process and may refuse to accept our application or may decide that our data are insufficient to grant the request and require
additional pre-clinical, clinical, or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from pre-clinical and
clinical testing could delay, limit, or prevent marketing authorization from the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Any marketing authorization
from the FDA we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-market commitments that render the product candidate
not commercially viable. If our attempts to obtain marketing authorization are unsuccessful, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue
to sustain and grow our business, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

We face significant competition in
an environment of rapid technological change, and our competitors may develop products that are more advanced or more effective than ours
are which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to successfully market our products. 

Our competitors in the industry
are predominantly large companies with longer operating histories, with significantly easier access to capital and other resources and
an established product pipeline than us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish ourselves in our targeted markets,
or, if established, that we will be able to maintain our market position, if any. Our commercial opportunity may be reduced if our competitors
develop new or improved products that are more convenient, more effective or less expensive than our product candidates are. Competitors
also may obtain FDA or other regulatory marketing authorization for their products more rapidly or earlier than we may obtain marketing
authorization for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 

We expect to rely on third parties
for the worldwide marketing and distribution of our product candidates, who may not be successful in selling our products, if cleared
or approved. 

We currently do not have adequate
resources to market and distribute any of our products, if cleared or approved, worldwide and expect to engage third-party marketing and
distribution companies to perform these tasks. While we believe that distribution partners will be available, we cannot assure you that
the distribution partners, if any, will succeed in marketing our products on a global basis. We may not be able to maintain satisfactory
arrangements with our marketing and distribution partners, who may not devote adequate resources to selling our products. If this happens,
we may not be able to successfully market our products, which would decrease or eliminate our ability to generate revenues. 

Our products, if cleared or approved,
may be displaced by superior products developed by third parties. 

The healthcare industry is
constantly undergoing rapid and significant change. Third parties may succeed in developing or marketing products that are more effective
than those developed or marketed by us or that would make our products obsolete or non-competitive. Additionally, researchers could develop
new procedures and medications that replace or reduce the use of our products. Accordingly, our success will depend, in part, on our ability
to respond quickly to medical and technological changes through the development and introduction of new products. We may not have the
resources to do this. If our products become obsolete and our efforts to develop new products do not result in commercially successful
products, then our sales and revenues will decline. 

13 

We are, and will continue to be, dependent
in significant part on outside scientists and third-party research institutions for our research and development in order to be able to
commercialize our product candidates. 

We currently have a limited
number of employees and resources available to perform the research and development necessary to commercialize our product candidates
and potential future product candidates. We therefore rely, and will continue to rely, on third-party research institutions, collaborators
and consultants for this capability. 

We will depend on third parties for
the manufacture and distribution of our product candidates and products, if cleared or approved, and the loss of our third-party manufacturer
and distributor could harm our business. 

We will depend on our third-party
contract manufacturing partner to manufacture and supply our devices and drugs for clinical and commercial purposes. Additionally, we
will depend on a different third-party distribution partner to warehouse and ship our products, if cleared or approved, to customers.
Our reliance on a third-party manufacturer and a distribution provider to supply us with our drug and devices and to provide such other
distribution services exposes us to risks that could delay our sales or result in higher costs or lost product revenues. In addition,
manufacturers could encounter difficulties, including, but not limited to, those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, in securing
long-lead time components, achieving volume production, quality control and quality assurance or suffer shortages of qualified personnel,
which could result in their inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of our commercially available product, if cleared or approved,
to meet market demand. Our third-party manufacturer or distributor may also fail to follow and remain in compliance with FDA regulations
which could lead to significant delays in the availability of materials for our product candidates or products, if cleared or approved
and/or FDA enforcement actions against them and/or us. 

If we are unable to obtain
adequate supplies of our product candidates and products that meet our specifications and quality standards, it will be difficult for
us to compete effectively. 

We may not be able to build an effective
distribution network for our products, if cleared or approved. 

We currently have very few
employees and we may either build internal capabilities or rely on distributors to sell our products, if cleared or approved. We cannot
assure you that we will succeed in building an internal team or entering into and maintaining productive arrangements with an adequate
number of distributors that are sufficiently committed to selling our products, if cleared or approved. The establishment of a distribution
network is expensive and time consuming. As we launch new products and increase our marketing effort with respect to existing products,
we will need to continue to hire, train, retain and motivate skilled resources with significant technical knowledge. In addition, the
commissions we pay for product sales could increase over time, which would result in higher sales and marketing expenses. Furthermore,
if we were to rely on distributors, the current and potential distributors may market and sell the products of our competitors. Even if
the distributors market and sell our products, our competitors may be able, by offering higher commission payments or other incentives,
to persuade these distributors to reduce or terminate their sales and marketing efforts related to our products. The distributors may
also help competitors solicit business from our existing customers. Some of our independent distributors may likely account for a significant
portion of our sales volume, and, if we were to lose them, our sales could be adversely affected. Even if we engage and maintain suitable
relationships with an adequate number of distributors, they may not generate revenue as quickly as we expect them to, commit the necessary
resources to effectively market and sell our products, or ultimately succeed in selling our products. 

14 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

We may be unable to adequately protect
its proprietary and intellectual property rights. 

Our ability to compete may
depend on the superiority, uniqueness and value of any intellectual property and technology that we may develop in the future. We intend
to protect our proprietary rights by relying on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements
with its employees and third parties, and protective contractual provisions. Despite these efforts, any of the following occurrences may
reduce the value of any of our intellectual property: 

The market for our products and services may depend to a significant extent upon the goodwill associated
with its trademarks and trade names, and its ability to register its intellectual property under U.S. federal and state law. 
 
 Patents in the medical device industry involve complex legal and scientific questions and patent protection
may not be available for some or any products; 
 
 Our applications for trademarks and copyrights relating to our business may not be granted and, if granted,
may be challenged or invalidated. 
 
 Issued patents, trademarks and registered copyrights may not provide us with competitive advantages. 

Our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not be effective in preventing misappropriation
of any of our products or intellectual property. 

Our efforts may not prevent the development and design by others of products similar to, competitive with,
or superior to, those we develop. 
 
 Another party may obtain a blocking patent and we would need to either obtain a license or design around
the patent in order to continue to offer the contested feature or service in our products. 
 
 The expiration of patent or other intellectual property protections for any assets owned by us could result
in significant competition, potentially at any time and without notice, resulting in a significant reduction in sales. The effect of the
loss of these protections on us and our financial results will depend, among other things, upon the nature of the market and the position
of our products in the market from time to time, the growth of the market, the complexities and economics of manufacturing a competitive
product and regulatory approval requirements but the impact could be material and adverse. We may be forced to litigate to defend our
intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties against us relating to intellectual property rights. 

We may not be able to protect intellectual
property that we hope to acquire, which could adversely affect our business. 

The companies that we hope
to acquire may rely on patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright protection to protect their technology. We believe that technological
leadership can be achieved through additional factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, new product developments,
frequent product enhancements, name recognition, and reliable product maintenance. Nevertheless, our ability to compete effectively depends
in part on our ability to develop and maintain proprietary aspects of our technology, such as patents. We may not secure future patents;
and patents that we may secure may become invalid or may not provide meaningful protection for our product innovations. In addition, the
laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States. Furthermore, there
can be no assurance that competitors will not independently develop similar products, reverse engineer our products, or,
if patents are issued to us, design around such patents. We also expect to rely upon a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret,
and other intellectual property laws to protect our proprietary rights by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees,
consultants, and vendors, and by controlling access to and distribution of our technology, documentation and other proprietary information.
There can be no assurance, however, that the steps to be taken by us will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or that the
rights granted thereunder will provide a competitive advantage to us. Any such circumstance could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. While we are not currently engaged in any intellectual property litigation or
proceedings, there can be no assurance that we will not become so involved in the future or that our products do not infringe any intellectual
property or other proprietary right of any third party. Such litigation could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources
and personnel, and significant liabilities to third parties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

15 

We may not be able to protect our
trade names and domain names. 

We may not be able to protect
our trade names and domain names against all infringers, which could decrease the value of our brand name and proprietary rights. We currently
hold the Internet domain name Odyssey Group International, Inc. Domain names are generally regulated by Internet regulatory bodies, are
subject to change, and, in some cases, may be superseded, in some cases by-laws, rules and regulations governing the registration of trade
names and trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office as well as ascertain other common law rights. If the domain registrars
are changed, if new ones are created, or if we are deemed to be infringing upon another s trade name or trademark, we may be unable
to prevent third parties from acquiring or using, as the case may be, our domain name, trade names or trademarks, which could adversely
affect our brand name and other proprietary rights. 

We may be forced to litigate to
enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of other
parties proprietary rights. 

Any such litigation could
be very costly and could distract management from focusing on operating our business. The existence and/or outcome of any such litigation
could harm our business. We may become subject to litigation, including for possible product liability claims, which may have a material
adverse effect on our reputation, business, results from operations, and financial condition. We may be named as a defendant in a lawsuit
or regulatory action. We may also incur uninsured losses for liabilities which arise in the ordinary course of business, or which are
unforeseen, including, but not limited to, employment liability and business loss claims. Any such losses could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, sales, cash flow or financial condition. Further, the administration of medical substances
to humans can result in product liability claims by consumers. Product liability claims can be expensive, difficult to defend and may
result in large judgments or settlements against us. We may not be able to obtain or maintain adequate insurance or other protection against
potential liabilities arising from product sales. Product liability claims could also result in negative perception of our products or
other reputational damage which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, sales, cash flow or financial
condition. 

If our intellectual property protection
is inadequate, competitors may gain access to our technology and undermine our competitive position. 

We regard our intended and
future intellectual property as important to our success, and we intend to rely on patent law to protect our proprietary rights. Despite
our precautions, unauthorized third parties may copy certain portions of our devices or products or reverse engineer or obtain and use
information that we regard as proprietary. We may seek additional patents in the future. We do not know if any future patent application
will be issued with the scope of the claims, we seek, if at all or whether any patents we receive will be challenged or invalidated. Thus,
we cannot assure you that any intellectual property rights that we may receive can be successfully asserted in the future or that they
will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights
to the same extent, as do the laws of the United States. Our means of protecting any proprietary rights we may receive in the United States
or abroad may not be adequate and competitors may independently develop a similar technology. Any failure to protect our proprietary information
and any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to various litigation
claims and legal proceedings, including intellectual property litigation, such as patent infringement claims, which could adversely affect
our business. 

We, as well as certain of
our directors and officers, may be subject to claims or lawsuits. These lawsuits may result in significant legal fees and expenses and
could divert management s time and other resources. If the claims contained in these lawsuits are successfully asserted against
us, we could be liable for damages and be required to alter or cease certain of our business practices or product lines. Any of these
outcomes could cause our business, financial performance and cash position to be negatively impacted. 

16 

Additionally, our commercial
success will also depend, in part, on not infringing on the patents or proprietary rights of others. There can be no assurance that the
technologies and products used or developed by us will not infringe such rights. If such infringement occurs and we are not able to obtain
a license from the relevant third party, we will not be able to continue the development, manufacture, use, or sale of any such infringing
technology or product. There can be no assurance that necessary licenses to third-party technology will be available at all or on commercially
reasonable terms. In some cases, litigation or other proceedings may be necessary to defend against or assert claims of infringement or
to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of third parties. Any potential litigation could result in substantial costs
to, and diversion of, our resources and could have a material and adverse impact on us. 

An adverse outcome in any
such litigation or proceeding could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to cease using the subject technology or require
us to license the subject technology from the third party, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Risks Related to Government Regulation 

Our products are subject to substantial
federal and state regulations. 

Our research and development
activities and the manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates and products, if cleared or approved, are subject to the laws,
regulations, and guidelines in the United States and other countries in which the products will be marketed, if cleared or approved. Specifically,
in the United States, the FDA regulates, among other areas, new medical device clearances and approvals and the development and commercialization
of prescription drugs. 

Obtaining FDA marketing authorization
will be costly, may result in time-consuming delays and will subject us to ongoing compliance costs and regulatory risk for non-compliance. 

Obtaining FDA marketing authorization,
through clearance, or pre-market approval PMA for medical devices and approval of drugs can be expensive and uncertain,
can take years, and require detailed and comprehensive scientific and clinical data. Notwithstanding the expense, these efforts may never
result in FDA authorization. Even if we were to obtain regulatory authorization, it may not be for the uses we intended or which are commercially
attractive, in which case we would not be permitted to market our product for those uses. 

The FDA can delay, limit or
deny authorization of a device or drug for many reasons, including: 

we may not be able to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction that our product candidate is safe and
effective for its intended users; 

the data from our pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may be insufficient to support authorization,
where required; and 

the manufacturing process or facilities we use may not meet applicable requirements. 

In addition, the FDA may change
its authorization policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which may prevent or delay
marketing authorization of our product candidates under development. Any delay in, or failure to receive or maintain clearance or approval
for our product candidates could prevent us from generating revenue from our products, if cleared or approved, and adversely affect our
business operations and financial results. 

17 

Even if granted, a 510(k)
clearance, de novo classification and clearance, or pre-market approval for any future product may place substantial restrictions
on how our device or drug is marketed or sold, and FDA will continue to place considerable restrictions on our products and operations.
The manufacture, distribution and sale of medical devices and drugs must comply with extensive laws and regulations, including those relating
to registration and listing, labeling, marketing, complaint handling, adverse event and medical device reporting, reporting of corrections
and removals, and import and export. If we or our facilities or those of our manufacturers or suppliers are found to be in violation of
applicable laws and regulations, or if we or our manufacturers or suppliers fail to take satisfactory corrective action in response to
an adverse inspection, the regulatory authority could take enforcement action, including any of the following sanctions: 

untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 
 
 customer notifications of repair, replacement, refunds, detention or seizure of our products; 
 
 product recalls; 
 
 operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 
 
 refusing or delaying requests for marketing authorization of new products or modified products; 
 
 withdrawing marketing authorizations that have already been granted; 
 
 refusing to provide Certificates for Foreign Government; 
 
 refusing to grant export approval for our products; or 
 
 pursuing criminal prosecution. 

Additionally, the FDA and
other regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers. Regulatory enforcement or inquiries, or other increased scrutiny on us, could
affect the perceived safety and efficacy of our product candidate and dissuade our customers from using our product candidate, if and
when it is authorized for marketing. 

We have and may continue to encounter
substantial delays in planned clinical trials, or our planned clinical trials for other indications may fail to demonstrate the safety
and efficacy of our product candidates to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 

While we currently have no
ongoing clinical trials, we will need to conduct further clinical trials. Clinical trials are complex, expensive, time consuming, uncertain
as to outcome and are subject to substantial and unanticipated delays. Before we may begin clinical trials, if required, for one of our
medical device product candidates and if the clinical trial is determined to present a significant risk, we will be required to submit
and obtain approval for an investigational device exemption, or IDE, that describes, among other things, the manufacture of, and controls
for, the device and a complete investigational plan. Clinical trials generally involve a substantial number of patients in a multi-year
study. 

For our pharmaceutical product
candidates, we are required to submit an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, the contents of which are subject to discussions
with FDA and include, among other things, results of preclinical studies and other testing, manufacturing information, proposed clinical
trial protocols and general investigational plan. We cannot begin any clinical trials in the United States until thirty (30) days after
the IND has been accepted by FDA. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the
supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with current Good Clinical Practices, or cGCPs, which include the requirement that
all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under
protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness
criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product
development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent Investigational Review Board, or IRB, for each site
proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the
clinical trial begins at that site and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend
a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk
or that the clinical trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified
experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which may review data and endpoints at designated
check points, make recommendations and/or halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects
or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies
and clinical study results to public registries. 

18 

Human clinical trials are
typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase One: The product candidate is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with
the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, and distribution
of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence
on effectiveness. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently
toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing; 
 
 Phase Two: The product candidate is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease
or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages, and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects
and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning; 
 
 Phase Three: The product candidate is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate
dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically
dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk. 
 
 Post-approval clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 studies, may be conducted after initial
marketing approval. These clinical trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic
indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA. 

Because we do not have the
infrastructure necessary to conduct clinical trials, we will have to hire one or more contract research organizations, or CROs, to conduct
trials on our behalf. CRO contract negotiations may be costly and time consuming and we will rely heavily on the CRO to ensure that our
trials are conducted in accordance with regulatory and industry standards. We may encounter problems with our clinical trials and any
of those problems could cause us or the FDA to suspend those trials or delay the analysis of the data derived from them. Moreover, any
failure to abide by the applicable regulatory requirements by us, our CROs, and/or clinical trial sites may result in regulatory enforcement
action against such third parties or us. 

We cannot guarantee that clinical
trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage
of testing. Delays, including, but not limited those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, can be costly and could negatively affect
our ability to complete a clinical trial and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our
ability to receive marketing authorization and successfully commercialize our products. If we are unable to complete such planned clinical
trials, or are unsuccessful in doing so, we may be unable to advance our product candidates to regulatory authorization and commercialization,
which would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations. 

We may be substantially dependent
on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. 

Since we may conduct clinical
trials to obtain FDA marketing authorization, we will need to rely heavily on third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and
as a result will have limited control over the clinical investigators and limited visibility into their day-to-day activities.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal,
regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. These third
parties and we are required to comply with current good clinical practices, or cGCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by
the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these
cGCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators, and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail
to comply with applicable cGCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or
comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional nonclinical or clinical trials before approving our marketing
applications or may subject them or us to regulatory enforcement actions. We cannot be certain that, upon inspection, such regulatory
authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the cGCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials may be required
to be conducted with a large number of test patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations
or to recruit a sufficient number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory marketing authorization
process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims
laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 

19 

Any third parties conducting
our clinical trials are not and will not be our employees and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third
parties, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical, clinical, and nonclinical
programs. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may
also be conducting clinical studies or other development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third
parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced,
or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or
regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, or terminated and we may not be able to complete
development of, obtain regulatory marketing authorization of or successfully commercialize our product candidate. As a result, our financial
results and the commercial prospects for our product candidate would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate
revenue could be delayed. 

If any of our relationships
terminate with these third-party CROs, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or do so on commercially reasonable
terms. Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural
transition period when a new CRO begins work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially affect our ability to meet our desired clinical
development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter
similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business,
financial condition, and prospects. 

We may be required to suspend or discontinue
clinical trials due to side effects or other safety risks that could preclude approval of our products. 

Our clinical trials may be
suspended at any time for a number of reasons. We may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we believe that
they present an unacceptable risk to participants. In addition, regulatory agencies may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation
of our clinical trials at any time if they believe that the clinical trials are not being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory
requirements or that they present an unacceptable safety risk to participants. 

If we are unable to obtain a reimbursement
code from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services so that our devices or drugs, following receipt of marketing authorization
is covered under Medicare and Medicaid, this could have a negative impact on our intended sales and would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We plan to submit an application
to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for a reimbursement code so that our devices and drugs are covered under Medicare
and Medicaid following receipt of marketing authorization. However, there can be no assurance that our application will be successful,
or that we will be able to obtain a reimbursement code in a timely manner. In the event that we do not obtain a reimbursement, our customers
may be unable to obtain reimbursement for their purchases under private or government-sponsored insurance plans, which could have a negative
impact on our sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If we fail to comply with healthcare
laws, we could face substantial penalties and financial exposure, and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected. 

We do not have a product available
for sale in the United States. If, however, we achieve this goal, the availability of payments from Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party
payers would mean that many healthcare laws would place limitations and requirements on the manner in which we conduct our business, including
our sales and promotional activities and interactions with healthcare professionals and facilities. In some instances, our interactions
with healthcare professionals and facilities that occurred prior to commercialization (e.g., the granting of stock options) could have
implications at a later date. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, among others: (i) the federal healthcare programs
Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying
remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or
recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, (ii) federal
false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims
for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to entities like us
if we provide coding and billing advice to customers, or under theories of implied certification where the government and qui
tam relators may allege that device companies are liable where a product that was paid for by the government in whole or in part
was promoted off-label, lacked necessary marketing authorization, or failed to comply with good manufacturing
practices or other laws; (iii) transparency laws and related reporting and/or disclosures such as the Sunshine Act; and/or (iv) state
law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed
by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers, many of which differ from their federal counterparts in significant ways, thus
complicating compliance efforts. 

20 

If our operations are
found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be
subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs,
damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or
restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. The risk of
our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that their provisions are open to a variety of evolving
interpretations and enforcement discretion. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend
against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our
business. 

Our communications regarding product
candidates, even while in development, are subject to extensive government scrutiny. We may be subject to governmental, regulatory
and other legal proceedings relative to advertising, promotion, and marketing, and communications with study subjects and healthcare professionals,
which could have a significant negative effect on our business. 

We are subject to governmental
oversight and associated civil and criminal enforcement relating to advertising, promotion, and marketing, and such enforcement is evolving
and intensifying. Communications regarding our products in development and regarding our clinical trials may subject us to enforcement
if they do not comply with applicable laws and regulations. In the United States, we are potentially subject to enforcement from the FDA,
other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, the Department of Justice,
and state and local governments. Other parties, including private plaintiffs, also are commonly bringing suit against pharmaceutical
and medical device companies. We may be subject to liability based on the actions of individual employees and third-party contractors
carrying out activities on our behalf. 

U.S. legislative or FDA regulatory
reforms may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates and to manufacture, market
and distribute our products after marketing authorization is obtained. 

From time to time, legislation
is drafted and introduced in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the regulatory approval, manufacture
and marketing of regulated products or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, FDA regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted
by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations
of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of future products. In addition, FDA regulations and guidance
are often revised or reinterpreted by the agency in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. It is impossible
to predict whether legislative changes will be enacted, or FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations changed, and what the impact of
such changes, if any, may be. 

Risks Related to our Business Operations 

Failure to implement our business
strategy could adversely affect our operations. 

Our financial position, liquidity
and results of operations depend on our management s ability to execute our business strategy. Key factors involved in the execution
of the business strategy include: 

successful sales through indirect sales distribution; 
 
 continued investment in technology to support operating efficiency; 
 
 continued access to significant funding and liquidity sources; 
 
 achieving the desired cost of goods on inventory; and 
 
 obtaining the required regulatory clearances or approvals from the FDA. 

Our failure or inability to
execute any element of our business strategy could materially adversely affect our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. 

21 

Our inability to attract, train and
retain additional qualified personnel may harm our business and impede the implementation of our business strategy. 

We need to attract, integrate,
motivate and retain a significant number of additional personnel in 2021 and beyond. Competition for these individuals in our industry
and geographic region is intense, and we may be unable to attract, assimilate or retain such highly qualified personnel in the future.
Our business cannot continue to grow if we are unable to attract such qualified personnel. Our failure to attract and retain highly trained
personnel that are essential to our business may limit our growth rate, which would harm our business and impede the implementation of
our business strategy. 

We may be unable to maintain sufficient
product liability insurance. 

We may incur product liability
for products sold through our distribution chain. Consumers may sue if products sold through our distribution chain or purchased through
our websites are defective or injure the user. This type of claim could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or
to pay significant damages. At this time, we carry no product liability insurance. As a result, any legal claims, whether or not successful,
could seriously damage our reputation and business. 

Conducting any future clinical trials
of our product candidates and any future commercial sales of a product candidate may expose us to expensive product liability claims,
and we may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on reasonable terms or at all and may be required to limit commercialization
of our product candidates. 

We face an inherent risk of
product liability as a result of the preclinical and future clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk
when and if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury
or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during preclinical or clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability
claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence,
strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully
defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit testing and commercialization
of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits
or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased or interrupted demand for our products; 
 
 injury to our reputation; 
 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue our clinical trials; 
 
 initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 
 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 
 a diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 
 substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
 
 product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 
 loss of revenue; 
 
 exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 
 
 the inability to commercialize any product candidate; and 
 
 a decline in our share price. 

Our inability to obtain sufficient
product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization
of products we develop, alone or with collaborators. Our insurance policies may have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product
liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed
our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay
such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification
may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 

22 

We anticipate growth in our business,
and any inability to manage such growth could harm our business. 

Our success will depend, in
part, on our ability to effectively manage our growth and expansion. Any growth in, or expansion of, our business is likely to continue
to place a significant strain on our management and administrative resources, infrastructure and systems. In order to succeed, we will
need to continue to implement management information systems and improve our operating, administrative, financial and accounting systems
and controls. We will also need to train new employees and maintain close coordination among our executive, accounting, finance and operations
organizations. These processes are time consuming and expensive, will increase management responsibilities and will divert management
attention. Our inability or failure to manage our growth and expansion effectively could substantially harm our business and adversely
affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Our inability to retain and properly
insure against the loss of the services of our executive officer and other key personnel may harm our business and impede the implementation
of our business strategy. 

Our future success depends
significantly on the skills and efforts of Joseph Michael Redmond, President, CEO and Director and possibly other key personnel. The loss
of the services of any of these individuals could harm our business and operations. In addition, we have not obtained key person life
insurance on any of our key employees. If any of our executive officers or key employees left or was seriously injured and unable to work
and we were unable to find a qualified replacement and/or to obtain adequate compensation for such loss, we may be unable to manage our
business, which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

We participate in transactions and
make tax calculations for which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. 

We participate in many transactions
and make tax calculations during the course of our business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. While we believe we
maintain provisions for uncertain tax positions that appropriately reflect our risk, these provisions are made using estimates of the
amounts expected to be paid based on a qualitative assessment of several factors. It is possible that liabilities associated with one
or more transactions may exceed our provisions due to audits by, or litigation with, relevant taxing authorities which may materially
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We may indemnify our directors and
officers against liability to us and our stockholders, and such indemnification could increase our operating costs. 

Our bylaws allow us to indemnify
our directors and officers against claims associated with carrying out the duties of their offices. Our bylaws also allow us to reimburse
them for the costs of certain legal defenses. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may
be permitted to our directors, officers or control persons, we have been advised by the SEC that such indemnification is against public
policy and is therefore unenforceable. Since our directors and officers are aware that they may be indemnified for carrying out the duties
of their offices, they may be less motivated to meet the standards required by law to properly carry out such duties, which could increase
our operating costs. Further, if our directors and officers file a claim against us for indemnification, the associated expenses also
could increase our operating costs. 

If we fail to develop or maintain
an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent financial fraud. As
a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting. 

We are subject to the risk
that sometime in the future our independent registered public accounting firm could communicate to the board of directors that we have
deficiencies in our internal control structure that they consider to be significant deficiencies. A significant deficiency 
is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is more than
a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the entity s financial statements will not be prevented or detected by the entity s
internal controls. 

23 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports
or prevent fraud, we could be subject to regulatory action or other litigation and our operating results could be harmed. We are required
to document and test our internal control procedures to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or SOX ), which requires our management to annually assess the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. 

We currently are not an accelerated
filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 Section 404 requires us to include an internal control report with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. That report must
include management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal
year. This report must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified.
As of July 31, 2021, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on SEC guidance on conducting
such assessments and on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control and Integrated
Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Management concluded,
during the year-ended July 31, 2021, that our internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application
of U.S. GAAP rules. Management realized there were deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal control that adversely affected
our internal control, which management considers to be material weaknesses. A material weakness in the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting may increase the chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain financing, and require
additional expenditures to comply with these requirements. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. For additional information, see Item 9A Controls and Procedures. 

It may be time-consuming,
difficult, and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls, and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate
internal controls and reporting procedures. If we are unable to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
then we may not be able to obtain the independent accountant certifications required by such act, which may preclude us from keeping our
filings with the SEC current. 

If we are unable to maintain
the adequacy of our internal controls, as those standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time, we may not be able
to ensure that we may conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with
Section 404. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to face regulatory action and cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, either of which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide
that certain proceedings may only be instituted in the District Courts of Nevada, which may prevent or delay such proceedings and will
increase the costs to enforce stockholder rights. 

Our Articles of Incorporation
provide that the following actions and proceedings may only be brought in the courts located in the State of Nevada: (i) derivative actions
brought on behalf of the company, (ii) any action asserting breach of fiduciary duty by the directors or officers, (iii) any action brought
under the Business Associations, Securities and Commodities statutes of the State of Nevada, and (iv) actions asserting a claim under
the internal affairs doctrine. No court has determined that such provisions are enforceable in Nevada, and we may be forced to defend
proceedings brought in other states if such provision is ruled unenforceable. If enforceable, claims covered by this provision may be
maintained in the courts of the State of Nevada only if such courts have personal jurisdiction over the defendants. If the State of Nevada
does not have personal jurisdiction over any named defendant, this provision may have the effect of preventing the prosecution of any
claim. Additionally, because stockholders may initiate such actions only in the State of Nevada, stockholders will be required to incur
additional costs and expense such as engaging legal counsel authorized to practice in Nevada. Moreover, the laws of the State of Nevada
may be more favorable to us or our management than the laws of the state in which any stockholder resides. 

24 

Our certificate of incorporation allows
our board to create new series of preferred stock without approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the
holders of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has
the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority
to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of
preferred stock granting holders a preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends
are distributed to the holders of common stock, and the right to redemption of the shares, together with a premium prior to the redemption
of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater
voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our
common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Our financial and operating performance
is adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic. 

The outbreak of a strain of
coronavirus (COVID-19) in the U.S. has had an unfavorable impact on our business operations. Mandatory closures of businesses imposed
by the federal, state and local governments to control the spread of the virus is disrupting the operations of our management, business
and finance teams. In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected the U.S. economy and financial markets, which may result
in a long-term economic downturn that could negatively affect future performance. The extent to which COVID-19 and the efforts to
mitigate the effects will impact our business and our consolidated financial results will depend on future developments which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted at the time of the filing, but is expected to result in a material adverse impact on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

If our expenses are greater than anticipated,
then we will have fewer funds with which to pursue our plan of operations and our financing requirements will be greater than anticipated. 

We may find that the costs
of carrying out our plan of operations are greater than we anticipate. We expect our expenses to increase over time in connection with
our ongoing activities, particularly if and as we: invest in marketing and distribution capabilities in support of developing and potentially
commercializing our products in the U.S., if cleared or approved; make improvements product design; launch the PRV-002 trial
or conduct other trials of the products, subject to discussion with FDA; pursue regulatory clearances and approvals; maintain, expand
and protect our intellectual property portfolio; engage third party manufacturers; and add additional personnel. Increased operating costs
may cause the amount of financing that we require to increase. Investors may be more reluctant to provide additional financing if we cannot
demonstrate that we can control our operating costs. There is no assurance that additional financing required as a result of our operating
costs being greater than anticipated will be available to us. If we do not control our operating expenses, then we will have fewer funds
with which to carry out our plan of operations with the result that our business may fail. 

We are heavily dependent upon the
ability and expertise of our management team and a very limited number of employees and the loss of such individuals could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 

We currently have a very small
management team. Our success is dependent upon the ability, expertise and judgment of our senior management. While employment agreements
are customarily used as a primary method of retaining the services of key employees, these agreements cannot assure the continued services
of such employees. Any loss of the services of such individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results
or financial condition. 

Our ability to use net operating losses
to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 

Under Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, substantial changes in a corporation s ownership may limit the amount
of net operating losses, or NOLs, that can be utilized annually in the future to offset the corporation s (and the corporation s
affiliates U.S. federal and state taxable income. Specifically, this limitation may arise in the event of a cumulative change
in ownership of more than 50 within any three-year period. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the
corporation that underwent the ownership change, immediately before the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect
any limitation in future years (including by way of exercising of warrants). 

25 

We are a smaller reporting
company under federal securities laws and we cannot be certain whether the reduced reporting requirements applicable to such companies
will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are a smaller reporting
company under federal securities laws. For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company so long as our public
float remains less than 250 million as of the last business day of our most recently-completed second fiscal quarter. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may decline or be
more volatile. 

Investors could lose confidence in
our financial reports, and the value of our common stock may be adversely affected, if our internal controls over financial reporting
are found not to be effective by management or by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

As long we remain a non-accelerated filer,
we are exempt from the attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting by our independent auditors
pursuant to section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 but are required to make our own internal assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting. The existence of one or more material weaknesses could affect the accuracy and timing
of our financial reporting. Investors could lose confidence in our financial reports, and the value of our common stock may be harmed,
if our internal controls over financial reporting are found not to be effective by management or by our independent registered public
accounting firm. 

Several people who work for us on
a part-time consulting basis may be subject to conflicts of interest. 

Several people who provide
services to us are part-time consultants. Each may devote part of his working time to other business endeavors, including consulting relationships
with other corporate entities, and may have responsibilities to these other entities. Because of these relationships, some of the persons
who provide services to us may be subject to conflicts of interest. Such conflicts may include deciding how much time to devote to our
affairs, as well as what business opportunities should be presented to us. 

Our business and operations would
suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or a deficiency in our cyber-security. 

Despite the implementation
of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer
viruses, malware, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions (including
ransomware attacks) over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside
our organization. No network or system can ever be completely secure, and the risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through
cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as
the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. If such an event were
to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in operations, reputation, or a material disruption of our development
programs for an indeterminate period of time. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical
trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data.
In some cases, data cannot be reproduced. To the extent that any disruption or security breach was to result in a loss of or damage to
our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur material legal claims
and liability, damage to our reputation, and the further development of our devices and drugs or any future product candidate could be
delayed. If a security breach results in the exposure or unauthorized disclosure of personal information, we could incur additional costs
associated with data breach notification and remediation expenses, investigation costs, regulatory penalties and fines, and legal proceedings.
Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to such breaches or attacks. 

26 

Challenges to our tax positions in
U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdictions, the interpretation and application of recent U.S. tax legislation or other changes in U.S. or non-U.S. taxation
of our operations could harm our business, revenue and financial results. 

We operate, or intend to operate,
in a number of tax jurisdictions, including in the United States at the federal, state and local levels, and in Australia, and we therefore
are or will be subject to review and potential audit by tax authorities in these various jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities, and tax authorities may disagree with tax positions
we take and challenge our tax positions. Successful unilateral or multi-jurisdictional actions by various tax authorities may increase
our worldwide effective tax rate, result in additional taxes or other costs or have other material consequences, which could harm our
business, revenue and financial results. 

Our effective tax rate may
also change from year to year or vary materially from our expectations based on changes or uncertainties in the mix of activities and
income allocated or earned among various jurisdictions in the US, changes in tax laws and the applicable tax rates in these jurisdictions
(including future tax laws that may become material), tax treaties between countries, our eligibility for benefits under those tax treaties
and the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such changes could result in an increase in the effective tax rate applicable
to all or a portion of our income, impose new limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits or make other changes that may
adversely affect our business, cash flows or financial performance. For example, if we are unable to fully realize the benefit of interest
expense incurred in future periods as a result of recent tax law changes (as discussed below), we may need to recognize a valuation allowance
on any related deferred tax assets, which would impact our annual effective income tax rate. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Its Market
Value 

Your ownership will be diluted by
future issuances of capital stock. 

Our business strategy requires
us to raise additional equity capital through the sale of common stock or preferred stock. Your percentage of ownership will become diluted
as we issue new shares of stock. Stockholders have no rights to buy additional shares of stock in the event we issue new shares of stock,
known as preemptive rights. We may issue common stock, convertible debt or common stock pursuant to a public offering or a private placement,
upon exercise of warrants or options, or to sellers of properties we directly or indirectly acquire instead of, or in addition to, cash
consideration. Investors purchasing common stock in this Offering who do not participate in any future stock issues will experience dilution
in the percentage of the issued and outstanding stock they own. 

We have limited capitalization and
may require financing, which may not be available. 

We have limited capitalization,
which increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limits our flexibility in planning for and reacting
to changes in our business and industry, and may place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with sufficient capitalization.
If we are unable to obtain sufficient financing on satisfactory terms and conditions, we will be forced to curtail or abandon our plans
or operations. Our ability to obtain financing will depend upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Investors may experience dilution
in the value of the shares of common stock. 

We anticipate offering common
stock or preferred stock in offerings, which could cause further dilution. 

If our business is unsuccessful, our
stockholders may lose their entire investment. 

Although our stockholders
will not be bound by or be personally liable for our expenses, liabilities or obligations beyond their total original investments in our
common stock, if we suffer a deficiency in funds with which to satisfy our obligations, our stockholders as a whole may lose their entire
investment in our company. 

27 

The sale or issuance of our common
stock to Lincoln Park may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of common stock acquired by Lincoln Park, or the perception that such
sales may occur, could cause the price of our common stock to fall. 

On August 14, 2020, we entered
into a Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park and, on that date, we sold 602,422 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park in an initial
purchase under the Purchase Agreement for a total purchase price of 250,000. We also issued 793,802 shares of our common stock to Lincoln
Park as consideration for its irrevocable commitment to purchase our common stock under the Purchase Agreement. The remaining shares of
our common stock that may be issued under the Purchase Agreement may be sold by us to Lincoln Park at our discretion from time to time
over a 36-month period commencing after the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, including that the
SEC has declared effective the related registration statement and that such registration statement remains effective. The purchase price
for the shares that we may sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement will fluctuate based on the price of our common stock. Depending
on market liquidity at the time, sales of such shares may cause the trading price of our common stock to fall. 

Subject to the terms
of the Purchase Agreement, we generally have the right to control the timing and amount of any future sales of our shares to Lincoln
Park. Additional sales of our common stock, if any, to Lincoln Park will depend upon market conditions and other factors to be determined
by us. We may ultimately decide to sell to Lincoln Park all, some, or none of the additional shares of our common stock that may be available
for us to sell pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If and when we do sell shares to Lincoln Park, after Lincoln Park has acquired the
shares, Lincoln Park may resell all or some of those shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion. Therefore, sales to Lincoln
Park by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell
equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. As of July 31,
2021, Lincoln Park had purchased a total of 2,153,326 shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of 0.68 per share for total
proceeds of 1,471,475. Through October 29, 2021, we sold an additional 974,482 shares of our common stock to LPC for total proceeds
 367,036. As of October 29, 2021, remaining purchase availability was 8,411,489 and remaining shares available were 16,143,566. 

A limited public trading market
exists for our common stock, which makes it difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock on the public markets. Any trading
in our shares may have a significant effect on our stock prices. 

Although our common stock
is listed for quotation on the OTC Markets, under the symbol ODYY, the trading activity of our common stock is volatile
and may not develop or be sustained. As a result, any trading price of our common stock may not be an accurate indicator of the valuation
of our common stock. Any trading in our shares could have a significant effect on our stock price. If a more liquid public market for
our common stock does not develop, then investors may not be able to resell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased and
may lose all of their investment. No assurance can be given that an active market will develop or that a stockholder will ever be able
to liquidate its shares of common stock without considerable delay, if at all. Many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions
in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to affect a transaction in our securities, the combination of brokerage
commissions, state transfer taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Furthermore, our stock price may
be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as general
economic, political, and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates, and international currency fluctuations, may adversely
affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

Our common stock may never be listed
on a national exchange and is subject to being removed from the OTC Marketplace. 

Our common stock is quoted
for trading on the OTC PINK Marketplace. We still will be unable to list our stock on the OTC PINK . Should we fail to satisfy the eligibility
standards of OTC Markets for the OTC Markets Fully Reporting, the trading price of our common stock could continue to suffer and the trading
market for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. 

28 

Our common stock is deemed to be a
 penny stock, which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares due to suitability requirements. 

Our stock is categorized as
a penny stock, as that term is defined in SEC Rule 3a51-1, which generally provides that a penny stock is
any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than U.S. 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities
are covered by the penny stock rules, including Rule 15g-9, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who
sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC
which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must
provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account.
The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or
in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation.
In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the
secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability
of broker-dealers to trade our securities and reduce the number of potential investors. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage
investor interest in, and limit the marketability of, our common stock. 

The sale of shares of our common stock
could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Depending on market liquidity
at the time, a sale of shares covered by a registration statement could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. The sale
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock under a registration statement, or the anticipation of such a sale, could make it
more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we otherwise might desire
to affect such sales. 

A low market price would severely
limit the potential market for our common stock. 

Our common stock may trade
at a price below 5.00 per share, subjecting trading in the stock to certain SEC rules requiring additional disclosures by broker-dealers.
These rules generally apply to any non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price share of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions (a penny stock ). Such rules require the delivery, before any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule
explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith and impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and institutional or wealthy investors. For these types of transactions,
the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent
to the transaction before the sale. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to the broker-dealer, current bid and
offer quotations for the penny stock, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and
the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Such information must be provided to the customer orally or in writing before
or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer. Monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for
the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers
by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock. 

If applicable, FINRA sales practice
requirements could limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock
rules promulgated by the SEC, above, FINRA rules (which would apply to our common stock in the event that our common stock ultimately
becomes traded over the counter via the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board) require that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer
must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Under these FINRA rules, before recommending
speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules,
FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers.
If these FINRA rules were to apply to our common stock, such application would make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend
that their customers buy our common stock, which could limit the ability to buy and sell our common stock and have an adverse effect on
the market value for our shares of common stock. 

29 

An investor s ability to trade
our common stock may be limited by trading volume. 

A consistently active trading
market for our common stock may not occur on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system. A limited trading volume may
prevent our stockholders from selling shares at such times or in such amounts as they otherwise may desire. 

A limited number of stockholders collectively
own a significant portion of our common shares and may act, or prevent corporate actions, to the detriment of other stockholders. 

A limited number of stockholders,
including our founders and members of the Board of Directors and our management, currently own a significant portion of our outstanding
common shares. Accordingly, these stockholders may, if they act together, exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election of a majority of our directors and the determination of significant corporate actions. This concentration
could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control that could otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Our company has a concentration of
stock ownership and control, which may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control. 

Our common stock ownership
is highly concentrated. Through ownership of shares of our common stock, nine stockholders collectively own beneficially more than
81 of our total outstanding shares of common stock. As a result of this concentrated ownership of our common stock, our nine stockholders
may be able to exert significant control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval
of mergers and other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or
deterring a change in control of our company. It also could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their
shares as part of a sale of our company, and it may affect the market price of our common stock. 

The reverse split of our common stock
could decrease our total market capitalization and increase, and may continue to increase, the volatility of our stock price. 

At our 2021 annual stockholder
meeting, which was held on September 14, 2021, the stockholders approved the proposal that granted the Board discretionary authority to
amend our Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock, par value
 0.001 per share, such split to combine a whole number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock in a range of not less than two shares
and not more than 30 shares, into one share of Common Stock at any time prior to January 31, 2022. The amendments will not change the
number of authorized shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the relative voting power of our stockholders. 

There can be no assurance
that the total market capitalization of our common stock after the reverse stock split will be equal to or greater than the total market
capitalization before the reverse stock split or that the per share market price of our common stock following the reverse stock split
will increase in proportion to the reduction in the number of shares of common stock outstanding before the reverse stock split. Furthermore,
a decline in the market price of our common stock after the reverse stock split may result in a greater percentage decline than would
occur in the absence of a reverse stock split, and the liquidity of our common stock could be adversely affected following such a reverse
stock split. 

The reverse stock split could increase
our authorized but unissued shares of common stock, which could negatively impact a potential investor. 

Because the number of authorized
shares of our common stock will not be reduced proportionately, the reverse stock split could increase the Board s ability to issue
authorized and unissued shares without further stockholder action. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or securities convertible
into common stock may have a dilutive effect on earnings per share and relative voting power and may cause a decline in the trading price
of the common stock. We could use the shares that are available for future issuance in dilutive equity financing transactions, or to oppose
a hostile takeover attempt or delay or prevent changes in control or changes in or removal of management, including transactions that
are favored by a majority of the stockholders or in which the stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then-current
market prices or benefit in some other manner. 

30 

A decline in the price of our common
stock could affect our ability to raise any required working capital and adversely affect our operations. 

A decline in the price of
our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise any required
capital for our operations. Because our operations to date have been principally financed through the sale of equity securities, a decline
in the price of our common stock could have an adverse effect upon our liquidity and our continued operations. A reduction in our ability
to raise equity capital in the future may have a material adverse effect upon our business plans and operations. If our stock price declines,
we may not be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient to meet our obligations. 

Trading of our common stock could
be sporadic, and the price of our common stock may be volatile; we caution you as to the highly illiquid nature of an investment in our
shares. 

Our common stock is listed
on the OTC PINK. Securities of microcap and small-cap companies have experienced substantial volatility in the past, often based
on factors unrelated to the companies financial performance or prospects. We believe that trading in our stock has been and will
likely continue to be subject to significant volatility. These factors include macroeconomic developments in North America and globally
and market perceptions of the attractiveness of particular industries. Factors unrelated to our performance that may affect the price
of our common stock include the following: the extent of analytical coverage available to investors concerning our business may be limited
if investment banks with research capabilities do not follow us, a reduction in trading volume and general market interest in our common
stock may affect an investor s ability to trade significant numbers of shares of our common stock; the size of our public float
may limit the ability of some institutions to invest in our common stock. As a result of any of these factors, the market price of our
common stock at any given point in time may not accurately reflect our long-term value. The price of our common shares may increase or
decrease in response to a number of events and factors, including: changes in financial estimates; our acquisitions and financings; quarterly
variations in our operating results; the operating and share price performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable;
and purchase or sale of blocks of our common stock. These factors, or any of them, may materially adversely affect the prices of our common
shares regardless of our operating performance. 

The market price of our common
stock is affected by many other variables which are not directly related to our success and are, therefore, not within our control. These
include other developments that affect the breadth of the public market for shares of our common stock and the attractiveness of alternative
investments. The effect of these and other factors on the market price of our common stock is expected to make our common stock price
volatile in the future, which may result in losses to investors. 

We have not paid any dividends and
do not foresee paying dividends in the future. 

We intend to retain earnings,
if any, to finance the growth and development of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock in
the foreseeable future. The payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be reviewed periodically by the board of directors and will
depend upon, among other things, conditions then existing including earnings, financial condition and capital requirements, restrictions
in financing agreements, business opportunities and other factors. 

If securities or industry analysts
do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding
our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our
common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our
market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide
more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were
to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which
in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

31 

The United States Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act of 2017 could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act, or the TCJA, significantly reforms the Code. The TCJA, among other things, contains significant changes to U.S. federal corporate
income taxation, including reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35 to a flat rate of 21 ,
limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30 of adjusted earnings (except for certain small businesses), limitation of
the deduction for net operating losses to 80 of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks for net
operating losses arising after December 31, 2017, immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation
expense over time, and creating, modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits. Federal net operating losses arising in
taxable year ending after December 31, 2017, will be carried forward indefinitely pursuant to the TCJA. We continue to examine the
impact this tax reform legislation may have on our business. Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall
impact of the TCJA is uncertain and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. The impact of this tax reform on
holders of our common stock is also uncertain and could be adverse. 

Cautionary Note 

We have sought to identify what we believe to
be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any of such risks may be realized nor
can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should carefully consider all of such risk factors
before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties 

As of July 31, 2021, we own no real property.
Our principal address is located at 2372 Morse Avenue, Irvine, CA 92614. Our telephone number is (619) 832-2900. We currently use shared
office space and do not pay any monthly rent. We may be obligated to pay rent in the future, but the amount and timing of such obligation
is currently unknown. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 

As of the date of this filing, we are not a party
to any legal proceeding. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our stock trades on the OTC
Markets under the symbol ODYY. The following table sets forth the bid prices quoted for our common stock during each quarter,
as reported by the OTCPink in the last two fiscal years. The following quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
markdown or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2021 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.89 
 0.50 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.00 
 0.30 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.49 
 0.11 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.56 
 0.25 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2020 

Fourth Quarter 
 3.50 
 0.37 
 
 Third Quarter 
 8.00 
 0.75 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.06 
 1.35 
 
 First Quarter 
 1.35 
 1.35 

Transfer Agent 

Our transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer, 1859
Whitney Mesa Drive, Henderson, Nevada 89014 (702) 818-5898. 

Holders of our Common Stock 

As of October 29, 2021, 91,015,650 shares of our
common stock were outstanding and held approximately 154 stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

We have never paid dividends with respect to our
common stock and cannot provide any assurance that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination
to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our
financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors
may deem relevant. Our board of directors expects to retain future earnings (if any) to finance our growth. See Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

33 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

We did not have any equity compensation plans
approved by shareholders at July 31, 2021. We had the following equity awards outstanding pursuant to plans not approved by shareholders
at July 31, 2021: 

stock options exercisable for 1,050,000 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 1.22 per share; 

warrants exercisable for 4,739,834 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 1.05 per share; and 

7,050,000 restricted stock units. 

No awards were available for issuance pursuant to any equity compensation
plan at July 31, 2021. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this
report regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and
objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 expects, intends, may, plans, projects, will, would 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these
identifying words. 

We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations underlying our forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. You should understand that the following important factors
could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in
our forward-looking statements. 

34 

We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations underlying our forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. You should understand that the following important factors
could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in
our forward-looking statements: 

our limited operating history and no revenues, on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective and projected cash needs and our expected future revenues, operations and expenditures; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products, and technologies; the scope, progress, results and costs of our clinical trials of our drug candidates and medical devices; 

our ability to successfully integrate our acquired products and technologies into our business, including the possibility that the expected benefits of the transactions will not be fully realized by us or may take longer to realize than expected; 

the safety and efficacy of our product candidates; 

the progress and timing of clinical trials; 

the costs, timing, and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the timing of submissions to, and decisions made by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other regulatory agencies, related to our product candidates to the satisfaction of the FDA and such other regulatory agencies; 

our ability to obtain, maintain and successfully enforce adequate patent and other intellectual property or regulatory exclusivity protection of our product candidates and the ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others; 

the costs of preparing, filing, and prosecuting patent applications and maintaining, enforcing, and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

the emergence of competing technologies and other adverse market developments; 

the impact of COVID-19 pandemic; 

changes in accounting standards; and 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed herein and in our other filings with the SEC. 

Overview 

Our business model is to develop or acquire unique
medical related products, engage third parties to manufacture such products and then distribute the products through various distribution
channels, including third parties. We are developing potentially life-saving technologies: the CardioMap heart monitoring and screening
device; the Save A Life choking rescue device, a unique neurosteroid drug compound intended to treat concussions and rare brain disorders
in partnership with Prevacus, Inc. a unique drug compound. To date, none of our product candidates has received regulatory clearance or
approval for commercial sale. 

We intend to acquire other technologies and assets
and plan to be a trans-disciplinary product development company involved in the discovery, development and commercialization of products
and technologies that may be applied over various medical markets. We intend to license, improve and develop our products and identify
and select distribution channels. We intend to establish agreements with distributors to get products to market quickly, as well as to
undertake and engage in our own direct marketing efforts. We will determine the most effective method of distribution for each unique
product that we include in our portfolio. We intend to engage third-party research and development firms who specialize in the creation
of our products to assist us in the development of our own products We intend to apply for trademarks and patents once we have developed
proprietary products. 

35 

Recent Funding 

Private Placements 

 In February 2021, we sold a total of 960,834 shares
of our common stock to 11 accredited investors for total proceeds of 689,500. Warrants for 960,834 shares our common stock were issued
to the investors with an average exercise price of 1.23. The warrants expire six months from the date of closing and have a fair value
of 426,273. 

In March 2021, we sold 525,000 Units at 1.00
per unit to 17 accredited investors for total proceeds of 525,000. Each Unit consisted of one share of our common stock and a right to
purchase one share of our common stock 2.00. These rights expire one year from the date of closing and have a fair value of 250,950. 

LGH 

 On December 11, 2020, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement 2020 LGH Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC LGH ), pursuant to which we entered into
a 165,000 face value convertible promissory note which bore interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to the face value and was due
September 11, 2021 (the 2020 Note ). We received 150,000 from the issuance of the 2020 Note and incurred a 15,000 original
issue discount and 7,500 of closing costs, which were being amortized over the life of the note. 

On March 5, 2021, LGH notified us of their intent
to convert their 165,000 convertible promissory note plus 13,200 of interest. We negotiated with them to convert 89,100 of the total
into 594,000 shares of our common stock and paid the remaining 89,100 in cash. 

On April 5, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement 2021 LGH Agreement with LGH pursuant to which we entered into a 1,050,000 face value convertible promissory
note which bears interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to the face value and is due February 5, 2022 (the 2021 Note ).
We received 1,000,000 net cash from the issuance of the 2021 Note and incurred a 50,000 original issue discount and 30,000 closing
costs, which are being amortized over the life of the 2021 Note. See Note 5 of Notes to Financial Statements for additional information. 

The value of the 1,134,000 warrants was 877,716,
of which 423,003 was allocated as debt discount and the value of the 100,000 shares of common stock was 85,000 of which 40,965 was
allocated as the fair value of the common shares, for a total value of 463,968 which is being amortized over the life of the Note. 

Labrys and Lincoln Park 

 In August 2020, we entered into two funding arrangements
as follows: 

One with Labrys Fund, LP, which provided us with
 315,000 of cash in exchange for a 350,000 promissory note and 420,000 shares of our common stock. In August 2021, the loan was repaid
and per the agreement, 350,000 common stock restricted shares were returned to treasury. See Note 5 of Notes to Financial Statements for
additional information. 

The second arrangement was with
Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park or LPC pursuant to which Lincoln Park agreed to purchase up
to 10,250,000 worth of our common stock over a 36-month period in exchange for 793,802 shares of our common stock with a value of 369,118.
Lincoln Park made an initial purchase of 602,422 shares of our common stock for 250,000, and additional purchases through October 29,
2021 for a total of 3,127,808 shares for 1,838,511. Through October 29, 2021 we sold an additional 974,482 shares of our common stock
to LPC pursuant to this agreement for total proceeds 367,036. As of October 29, 2021, remaining purchase availability pursuant to this
agreement was 8,411,489 and remaining shares available were 16,143,566. 

36 

The following table sets forth the remaining
amount of gross proceeds we would receive from additional sales of our stock under the LPC Purchase Agreement at varying purchase prices
as of July 31, 2021: 

Assumed Average 
Purchase Price 
Per Share 

Number of 
Shares 
to be Sold if 
Full Purchase (1) 

Percentage of 
Outstanding Shares Owned 
After Giving Effect 
to the Shares Sold (2) 

Proceeds from 
the Sale of Shares 
to LPC (1) 

0.10 

17,118,038 

19 

3,183,279 

0.25 

17,118,038 

19 

5,750,984 

0.51 (3) 

17,118,038 

19 

10,201,674 

1.00 

8,778,525 

12 

10,250,000 

1.25 

7,022,820 

10 

10,250,000 

1.50 

5,852,350 

9 

10,250,000 

(1) 
 Although the Purchase Agreement provides that we may sell up to an additional 8,778,525 of our common stock to LPC, depending on the assumed average price per share, we may or may not be able to ultimately sell to Lincoln Park a number of shares of our common stock with a total value of 10,000,000 as the maximum number of shares to be sold totals 20,065,166. Following purchases and issuances made as of July 31, 2021, 17,118,038 shares remained available. 
 
 (2) 
 The numerator is based on the maximum number of shares purchased at the corresponding assumed purchase price plus the 2,153,326 shares owned by LPC at July 31, 2021. The denominator is based on 81,891,168 shares outstanding as of July 31, 2021 plus the number of shares assumed purchased. The table does not give effect to the prohibition contained in the LPC Purchase Agreement that prevents us from selling to LPC the number of shares such that, after giving effect to such sale, LPC and its affiliates would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 
 (3) 
 The closing price of our common stock on July 31, 2021. 

On October 22, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with LPC pursuant to which we received 250,000 in cash from LPC and LPC received (i) 833,333
restricted shares of our common stock, (ii) an additional 666,667 restricted shares of our common stock as inducement shares, and (iii)
833,333 warrants exercisable at 0.50 per common share expiring in five years. 

Tysadco Partners 

 In June 2021, we sold 500,000 shares of our common
stock at 0.59 per share along with a five-year share purchase warrant exercisable for 500,000 shares of our common stock at a price of
 1.00 per share for total an aggregate purchase price of 295,000 to Tysadco Partners Tysadco ), an accredited investor,
which also provided certain consulting services to us. The purchase price was paid with 250,000 cash and the satisfaction of 45,000
of amounts due to Tysadco for its consulting services. 

On August 29, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Tysadco pursuant to which we entered into a 250,000 face value convertible promissory
note which bears interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to the face value and is due March 1, 2022. We received 250,000 net cash
from the issuance of the promissory note and issued 200,000 inducement shares of common stock with a fair value of 76,000. 

On October 18, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Tysadco pursuant to which we received 250,000 in cash from Tysadco and Tysadco received
(i) 833,333 restricted shares of our common stock, (ii) an additional 666,667 restricted shares of our common stock as inducement shares,
and (iii) 833,333 warrants exercisable at 0.50 per common share expiring in five years. 

See Notes 8 and 12 of Notes to Financial Statements
for additional information. 

37 

General 

On December 4, 2020, our registration statement
on Form S-1 for the registration of shares to be sold to Lincoln Park was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

We intend to use the proceeds from all of the
agreements for general corporate purposes, including for working capital, capital expenditures and for funding additional preclinical
development and potentially future clinical development of our pipeline candidates. 

Asset Purchase Agreement 

On January 7, 2021, we entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement (the APA with Prevacus, Inc. Prevacus ), pursuant to which we will purchase the assets and all
of the rights, interests and intellectual property in a certain drug program (PRV-002) for treating mild brain trauma (concussion) and
the delivery device (the Asset in exchange for (i) 7,000,000 shares of our common stock plus (ii) the Milestone Consideration,
if any. 

On March 1, 2021, our
APA with Prevacus closed and we issued 6,000,000 shares of our common stock valued at the fair market value of 1.18 per share for the
stock granted on the date of acquisition for 7,080,000. In addition, 1,000,000 shares of our common stock valued at 1.18 per share for
 1,180,000 was recorded as a component of Additional Paid in Capital for the probability of earning the Milestone Consideration of first
dosing in a Phase I Clinical Trial. In addition, we withheld 1,000,000 shares of our common stock valued at 1.18 per share, for 1,180,000,
in exchange for our payment of certain liabilities of Prevacus. We determined that in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 730 Research and Development (ASC 730-10-25-2(c)) and
pursuant to ASC 730-10-25-2(c), intangibles purchased from others for use in particular research and development projects and that have
no alternative future use in research and development or otherwise, represent costs of research and development as acquired, and therefore
are expensed when incurred. On March 1, 2021, the date of acquisition, we expensed 9,440,000 as In-process research and development.
At July 31, 2021, our Asset purchase liability account balance was 1,125,026. The net change in the Asset purchase liability account
will be released as shares at 1.18 per share once all liabilities have been paid. 

Going Concern 

Substantial doubt exists as
to our ability to continue as a going concern based on the facts that we may not have adequate working capital to finance our day-to-day
operations and we do not have any sources of revenue. We had an accumulated deficit of 45,733,823 as of July 31, 2021 and cash of 556,584.
Management s plans include engaging in further research and development and raising additional capital in the short term to fund
such activities through sales of its common stock. Our continued existence depends on the success of our efforts to raise additional capital
necessary to meet our obligations as they come due and to obtain sufficient capital to execute our business plan. 

We may obtain capital primarily through issuances
of debt or equity or entering into collaborative arrangements with corporate partners. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in completing additional financing or collaboration transactions or, if financing is available, that it can be obtained on commercially
reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain additional financing on a timely basis, we may be required to further scale down or cease
the operation of our business. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity
interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities
and future cash commitments. Our financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

For the foreseeable future, we expect to experience
continuing operating losses and negative cash flows from operations as our management executes our current business plan. The cash of
 556,584 available at July 31, 2021, may not provide enough working capital to meet our current operating expenses through October 29,
2022. 

If we are unable to raise additional capital by
October 29, 2022, we will adjust our current business plan. Due to the unknown and volatile nature of the stock price and trading volume
of our common stock, is it is difficult to predict the timing and amount of availability pursuant to our equity line of credit with LPC
(see Note 8 of Notes to Financial Statements). Given our recurring losses, negative cash flow, accumulated deficit, and the impact of
COVID-19, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

38 

Impact of COVID-19 

The COVID-19 global pandemic
has had an unfavorable impact on our business operations. The pandemic has impacted our ability to get financing, engage third-party
vendors and timing of clinical trials. In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected the U.S. and global economies and financial
markets, which may result in a long-term economic downturn that could negatively affect future performance and our ability to secure
additional debt or equity funding. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

There are no critical accounting policies or estimates
reflected in the accompanying financial statements. Reference is made to our significant (but not critical) accounting policies set forth
in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements. 

Results of Operations 

We do not currently sell or market any products
and we did not have any revenue for the year-ended July 31, 2021 or 2020. We will commence actively marketing products after the products
and drugs in development have been FDA cleared or approved, but there can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in obtaining
FDA clearance or approval for our products. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 6,420,712 
 3,846,663 
 2,574,049 
 67 
 
 In-process research and development 
 9,440,000 
 
 9,440,000 
 100 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (15,860,712 
 (3,846,663 
 (12,014,049 
 312 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,072,383 
 (502,192 
 (570,191 
 114 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 50,000 
 
 50,000 
 100 
 
 Net loss 
 (16,883,095 
 (4,348,855 
 (12,534,240 
 288 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.18 
 (0.05 
 (0.13 
 259 

General and Administrative Expense 

Our General and administrative expense includes
salaries and related benefits for employees in finance, accounting, sales, administrative and research and development activities, as
well as stock-based compensation, costs related to maintaining compliance as a public company and legal and professional fees. 

39 

The changes in General and administrative expense
were due to the following: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2021 compared to Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2020 
 
 Increase (decrease) in: 

Board and stock expense 
 (370,818 
 
 Business development and investor relations 
 336,996 
 
 Consulting fees 
 (352,016 
 
 Financing fees 
 161,718 
 
 Insurance expense 
 83,211 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 475,251 
 
 Research and development 
 1,612,356 
 
 Wages 
 584,725 
 
 Other 
 42,626 

2,574,049 

Stock expense decreased due to the fair market
value of the granting of RSUs directors, officers, our Science and Sports Advisory Boards, as well as options granted in connection with
the Prevacus APA that closed on March 1, 2021 as compared to RSUs and options granted in fiscal 2020. 

Business development and investor relations increased
as a result of the increased investor relations activity and issuance of common stock and fees for services rendered. Consulting fees
decreased primarily due to grants of RSU s and stock issued to consultants in Fiscal 2020 not incurred in Fiscal 2021. Financing
fees increased due to a higher level of debt and equity financings during Fiscal 2021 as compared to Fiscal 2020. Research and development
increased primarily due to research and development of the PRV-002 and Save a Life projects. Wages increased due to the increased headcount
in Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020. 

In-Process Research and Development 

In-process research and development in Fiscal
2021 related to the Prevacus APA that closed on March 1, 2021. See Note 4 of Notes to Financial Statements for additional information. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense includes interest on debt outstanding,
as well as the amortization of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt closing costs. Certain information regarding debt outstanding
was as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Weighted average debt outstanding 
 562,572 
 207,148 
 
 Weighted average interest rate 
 8.16 
 7.00 

The increase in interest expense was due to the
increased average debt outstanding and higher average interest rates due to the issuance of debt to Labrys in August 2020 and to LGH in
December 2020 and April 2021, as discussed above, as well as a 984,144 increase in amortization of debt discount, beneficial conversion
feature and closing costs. 

40 

Gain on Debt Extinguishment 

Gain on debt extinguishment in Fiscal 2021 related
to the forgiveness of our Federal Payroll Protection Program loan. 

Net Loss 

Net loss increased in Fiscal 2021 compared to
Fiscal 2020 due to increased General and administrative expense, interest expense and the 9,440,000 in-process research and development
expense incurred with the Prevacus agreement. 

Cash Flows 

The following table sets forth the primary sources
and uses of cash: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,423,111 
 (649,143 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 3,916,743 
 545,000 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

To date, we have financed our operations primarily
through debt financing and limited sales of our common stock. Our ability to continue to access capital could be affected adversely by
various factors, including general market and other economic conditions, interest rates, the perception of our potential future earnings
and cash distributions, any unwillingness on the part of lenders to make loans to us and any deterioration in the financial position of
lenders that might make them unable to meet their obligations to us. If these conditions continue and we cannot raise funds through a
public or private debt financing, or an equity offering, our ability to grow our business may be negatively affected. In such case, we
may need to suspend the creation of new products until market conditions improve. 

Convertible Notes Payable 

 On August 14, 2020, we converted a convertible
promissory note with a face value of 100,000 and accrued interest of 7,000 into 214,000 shares of our common stock as calculated by
the conversion price of the convertible promissory note of 0.50 per share. 

In February 2021, we settled a convertible promissory
note with a face value of 20,000 and accrued interest of 1,400 with a cash payment totaling 21,400. 

In February, March and April 2021, upon maturity,
we converted five convertible promissory notes with an aggregate face value of 230,000 and aggregate accrued interest of 16,100 into
298,165 shares of our common stock as calculated by the conversion price of the convertible promissory notes with a weighted average conversion
rate of 0.83 per share. 

In May 2021, upon maturity, we converted four
convertible promissory notes with an aggregate face value of 95,000 and accrued interest of 6,650 into 127,063 shares of our common
stock as calculated by the conversion price of the convertible promissory notes of 0.80 per share. 

As of July 31, 2021, no convertible promissory notes were outstanding, except the note due to LGH. 

41 

LGH Promissory Notes 

December 2020 Promissory Note 

 On December 11, 2020, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC, pursuant to which we entered into a 165,000 face value convertible promissory note which
bore interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to the face value and was due September 11, 2021. We received 142,500 net cash from
the issuance of the 2020 Note and incurred a 15,000 original issue discount and 7,500 closing costs, which were being amortized over
the life of the 2020 Note. The 2020 Note was convertible at a price of 0.15 per share. 

On March 5, 2021, LGH notified us of their intent
to convert their 165,000 convertible promissory note plus 13,200 of interest. We negotiated with them to convert 89,100 of the total
into 594,000 shares of our common stock and paid the remaining 89,100 in cash. 

The 2020 LGH Agreement included the issuance of
a five-year share purchase warrant exercisable for 470,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 0.35 per share and 200,000 shares
of our common stock. 

The value of the 470,000 warrants was 82,720
and the value of the 200,000 shares of common stock was 40,000 for a total value of 112,720, which were being amortized over the life
of the 2020 Note as closing costs. Additionally, 100,000 shares valued at 44,000 were expensed as financing costs when incurred. 

The conversion feature met the criteria for characterization
as a beneficial conversion feature and, accordingly, we allocated 19,780 of the proceeds to the beneficial conversion feature, which
was also being amortized over the life of the 2020 Note. 

April 2021 Promissory Note 

 On April 5, 2021, we entered into a 2021 Note
with LGH which included a 1,050,000 face value convertible promissory note which bears interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to
the face value and is due February 5, 2022. We received 1,000,000 net cash from the issuance of the 2021 Note and incurred a 50,000
original issue discount and 30,000 closing costs, which are being amortized over the life of the 2021 Note. 

The 2021 Note is convertible at a price of 1.00
per share. If an Event of Default occurs as defined in the 2021 Note, the Outstanding Balance shall immediately increase to one hundred
twenty percent (120 of the Outstanding Balance immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default and the conversion price
will be 1.00 per share. 

The 2021 LGH Agreement included the issuance of
a five-year share purchase warrant exercisable for 1,134,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 0.95 per share and 100,000 shares
of our common stock. 

The value of the 1,134,000 warrants was 877,716,
of which 423,003 was allocated as debt discount and the value of the 100,000 shares of common stock was 85,000 of which 40,965 was
allocated as the fair value of the common shares, for a total value of 463,968 which is being amortized over the life of the 2021 Note. 

Labrys Note Payable 

 On August 14, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Labrys SPA with Labrys Fund, LP Labrys ), pursuant to which Labrys purchased a 350,000 (the Principal Amount Self-Amortization
Promissory Note (the Note for 315,000 in cash with an original issuance discount of approximately 10 . In consideration
for entering into the Labrys SPA, we issued 420,000 shares (the Commitment Shares of our common stock. 350,000 of the
Commitment Shares (the Second Commitment Shares will be returned to us if the Note is fully repaid and satisfied on or
prior to August 14, 2021. The Note was fully repaid on August 4, 2021 and the shares were returned to treasury on August 6, 2021. The
Note bears interest at 12 per year. 

See Note 6 of Notes to Financial Statements
for additional information. 

42 

PPP Note 

 On February 11, 2021, we received notice that the SBA Paycheck Protection Program loan for 50,000 was forgiven.
The 50,000 gain is reflected as Gain on debt extinguishment on our Statements of Operations for Fiscal 2021. 

Stock Sales to Lincoln Park 

 On August 14, 2020, we entered into a Purchase
Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC LPC ). Pursuant to the LPC Purchase Agreement,
we have the right, in our sole discretion, to sell to LPC up to 10,250,000 in shares of our common stock, from time to time over a 36-month
period. In consideration for entering into the LPC Purchase Agreement, we issued 793,802 shares of our common stock with a value of 391,118
to LPC. 

Upon entering into the LPC Purchase Agreement,
we sold 602,422 shares of our common stock to LPC in an initial purchase for a total purchase price of 250,000. From January through
July, 2021, we sold an additional 1,550,904 shares of our common stock to LPC for total proceeds 1,221,475. We paid A.G.P. 97,718 related
to these purchases. 

Through October 29, 2021 we
sold an additional 974,482 shares of our common stock to LPC pursuant to the LPC Purchase Agreement for total proceeds of 367,036. As
of October 29, 2021, remaining purchase availability pursuant to the LPC Purchase Agreement was 8,411,489 and remaining shares available
were 16,143,566. 

On October 22, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with LPC pursuant to which we received 250,000 in cash from LPC and LPC received (i) 833,333
restricted shares of our common stock, (ii) an additional 666,667 restricted shares of our common stock as inducement shares, and (iii)
833,333 warrants exercisable at 0.50 per common share expiring in five years. 

Tysadco Partners 

 In June 2021, we sold 500,000 shares of our common
stock at 0.59 per share along with a five-year share purchase warrant exercisable for 500,000 shares of our common stock at a price of
 1.00 per share for total an aggregate purchase price of 295,000 to Tysadco Partners Tysadco ), an accredited investor,
which also provided certain consulting services to us. The purchase price was paid with 250,000 cash and the satisfaction of 45,000
of amounts due to Tysadco for its consulting services. 

On August 29, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Tysadco pursuant to which we entered into a 250,000 face value convertible promissory
note which bears interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to the face value and is due March 1, 2022. We received 250,000 net cash
from the issuance of the promissory note and issued 200,000 inducement shares of common stock with a fair value of 76,000. 

On October 18, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Tysadco pursuant to which we received 250,000 in cash from Tysadco and Tysadco received
(i) 833,333 restricted shares of our common stock, (ii) an additional 666,667 restricted shares of our common stock as inducement shares,
and (iii) 833,333 warrants exercisable at 0.50 per common share expiring in five years. 

See Notes 8 and 12 of Notes to Financial Statements
for additional information. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required
to provide information under this item. 

43 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Financial statements of Odyssey Group International, Inc.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

44 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Odyssey Group International,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit) and cash flows, for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31,
2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and is currently dependent on the stockholders and lenders to
fund its operating activities. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 1 

Stock based compensation 

As discussed in Notes 4, 6, 7 and 8 to the financial
statements, the Company entered into certain transactions which included the issuance of the Company s common stock for goods and
services as well as part of debt financing activities. 

We identified the valuation and accounting treatment
of these issuances to be a critical audit matter because determining the fair value and related accounting treatment of these issuances
involves a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort to evaluate the Company s conclusions. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the conclusions
associated with the valuation and accounting treatment for these issuances involved the following procedures, among others: 

- We
obtained management s valuation for the various issuances and tested the significant inputs of the valuation of these items. 

- We
analyzed management s accounting treatment for the various issuance which were also associated with debt issuances to determine
whether management s accounting was appropriate in the circumstances. 

/s/ Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

Dallas, Texas 

 October 29, 2021 

 We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020. 

F- 2 

Odyssey Group International, Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 
 556,584 
 62,952 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 53,535 
 36,667 
 
 Total current assets 
 610,119 
 99,619 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 414 
 965 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 
 5,000 
 
 Total assets 
 610,533 
 105,584 
 
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 1,224,783 
 269,388 
 
 Accrued wages 
 259,487 
 211,702 
 
 Accrued Interest 
 32,351 
 14,743 
 
 Asset purchase liability 
 1,125,026 

Notes payable, net of unamortized
 beneficial conversion feature, debt discount and closing costs of 351,030 and 233,770 
 736,240 
 211,230 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 3,377,887 
 707,063 
 
 Long term debt 
 
 50,000 
 
 Total liabilities 
 3,377,887 
 757,063 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Preferred stock, .001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock, .001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized with 87,191,168 and
88,559,978 issued and outstanding 
 87,191 
 88,560 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 42,879,278 
 28,110,689 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (45,733,823 
 (28,850,728 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 
 (2,767,354 
 (651,479 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 610,533 
 105,584 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 3 

Odyssey Group International, Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 

General and administrative expense 
 6,420,712 
 3,846,663 

In-process research and development 
 9,440,000 

Loss from operations 
 (15,860,712 
 (3,846,663 

Interest expense 
 (1,072,383 
 (502,192 

Gain on debt extinguishment 
 50,000 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 (16,883,095 
 (4,348,855 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.18 
 (0.05 

Weighted average number of shares used for basic and diluted calculations 
 93,734,074 
 87,123,187 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 4 

Odyssey Group International, Inc. 

 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Dollars 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balances July 31, 2019 
 86,990,400 
 86,990 
 23,821,124 
 (24,501,872 
 (593,758 
 
 Common stock issued for services 
 225,000 
 225 
 346,775 
 
 347,000 
 
 Conversion of convertible note payable 
 535,000 
 535 
 266,965 
 
 267,500 
 
 Note payable converted to common stock 
 809,578 
 810 
 808,768 
 
 809,578 
 
 Common stock options issued for services 

33,521 
 
 33,521 
 
 Restricted common stock units issued for services 

2,403,106 
 
 2,403,10 
 
 Warrants and beneficial conversion feature issued with debt and equity 

430,430 
 
 430,430 
 
 Net loss 

(4,348,855 
 (4,348,855 
 
 Balances July 31, 2020 
 88,559,978 
 88,560 
 28,110,689 
 (28,850,728 
 (651,478 
 
 Common stock issued for services and compensation 
 5,965,000 
 5,965 
 270,285 
 
 276,250 
 
 Conversion of convertible notes debt financing 
 1,233,228 
 1,233 
 542,617 
 
 543,850 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

1,729,963 
 
 1,729,963 
 
 Common stock issued in connection with debt financing 
 820,000 
 820 
 321,545 
 
 322,365 
 
 Common stock issued in equity financing 
 4,932,962 
 4,933 
 2,976,042 
 
 2,980,975 
 
 Warrants and beneficial conversion feature issued with debt and equity 

653,836 
 
 653,836 
 
 Common stock issued in asset purchase agreement 
 6,000,000 
 6,000 
 8,254,000 
 
 8,260,000 
 
 Return of shares to treasury 
 (20,320,000 
 (20,320 
 20,300 
 
 (20 
 
 Net loss 

(16,883,095 
 (16,883,095 

Balances July 31, 2021 
 
 87,191,168 

87,191 

42,826,278 

(45,733,823) 

(2,767,354) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 5 

Odyssey Group International, Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

(16,883,095) 

(4,348,855) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

5,552 

10,552 

Stock issued for services and compensation and stock-based
 compensation 

2,006,193 

2,783,627 

Amortization of beneficial conversion feature, debt discount and closing costs 

858,942 

409,878 

Stock issued for in-process research and development 

8,260,000 

Financing costs paid with stock 

169,000 

Asset purchase liability 

1,125,026 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

(50,000) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase)/decrease in prepaid expenses 

(16,869) 

266,166 

Increase in accounts payable 

1,000,396 

221,644 

Increase (decrease) in accrued wages 

47,785 

(85,845) 
 
 Increase in accrued interest 

53,959 

93,690 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(3,423,111) 

(649,143) 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 1,565,000 
 495,000 
 
 Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program 
 
 50,000 
 
 Financing closing costs paid with cash 
 (169,000 

Principal payments made on notes payable 
 (415,232 

Proceeds from equity financing 
 2,935,975 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 3,916,743 
 545,000 

Net change in cash 
 493,632 
 (104,143 
 
 Cash, beginning of year 
 62,952 
 167,095 
 
 Cash, end of year 
 556,584 
 62,952 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 34,345 

Noncash Investing and Financing Activities 

Warrants and beneficial conversion issued in connection with convertible notes 
 
 430,430 
 
 Common stock issued for conversion of notes payable and related accrued interest 
 543,850 
 1,077,078 
 
 Common stock issued for debt financing commitment shares 
 322,365 

Warrants issued in connection with financings 
 634,056 

Original issue discount on debt 
 100,000 

Beneficial conversion feature recognized 
 19,780 

Accounts payable converted into common stock 
 45,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 6 

Odyssey Group International, Inc. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 1. Nature of Operations 

Our corporate mission is to create or acquire
distinct assets, intellectual property, and technologies with an emphasis on acquisition targets that have clinical utility and will generate
positive cash flow. Our business model is to develop or acquire medical related products, engage third parties to manufacture such products
and then distribute the products through various distribution channels, including third parties. We have three different life saving technologies;
the CardioMap heart monitoring and screening device, the Save a Life choking rescue device and a unique neurosteroid drug compound
intended to treat concussions and rare brain disorders. We intend to acquire other technologies and assets and plan to be a trans-disciplinary
product development company involved in the discovery, development and commercialization of products and technologies that may be applied
over various medical markets. We plan to license, improve and/or develop our products and identify and select distribution channels. We
intend to establish agreements with distributors to get products to market quickly as well as to undertake and engage in our own direct
marketing efforts. We will determine the most effective method of distribution for each unique product that we include in our portfolio.
We will engage third-party research and development firms who specialize in the creation of our products to assist us in the development
of our own products and we will apply for trademarks and patents once we have developed proprietary products. 

We are not currently selling or marketing any
products, as our products are in development and Food and Drug Administration FDA clearance or approval to market our products
will be required to sell in the United States. In addition, it would require additional European union or country specific clearance or
approvals to sell internationally. 

We did not recognize any revenues for the years
ended July 31, 2021 or 2020 and we had an accumulated deficit of 45,733,823 as of July 31, 2021. For the foreseeable future, we expect
to experience continuing operating losses and negative cash flows from operations. Cash available at July 31, 2021 of 556,584 may not
provide enough working capital to meet our current operating expenses through October 29, 2022. 

The operating deficit indicates substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our continued existence depends on the success of our efforts to raise additional capital
necessary to meet our obligations as they come due and to obtain sufficient capital to execute our business plan. We may obtain capital
primarily through issuances of debt or equity or entering into collaborative arrangements with corporate partners. There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in completing additional financing or collaboration transactions or, if financing is available, that it can
be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we may be required
to further scale down or perhaps even cease operations. 

The issuance of additional equity securities could
result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans
would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. Our financial statements do not include adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally, as the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic continues to severely impact the U.S. and global economy, our business may be impacted in a variety of ways. Political, legal
or regulatory actions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in jurisdictions where we may plan to manufacture, source or distribute products
have created supply disruptions which could affect our plans, and may cause additional supply disruptions or shortages in the future.
We cannot currently predict the frequency, duration or scope of these governmental actions and supply disruptions. For example, several
countries, including India and China, have increased or instituted new restrictions on the export of medical or pharmaceutical products
that we distribute or use in our business, including key components or raw materials. Governmental authorities in many countries, including
the U.S., are enacting legislative or regulatory changes to address the impact of the pandemic, which may restrict or require changes
in our operations, increase our costs, or otherwise adversely affect our operations. 

If we are unable to raise additional capital by
October 29, 2022, we will adjust our current business plan. Due to the unknown and volatile nature of the stock price and trading volume
of our common stock, is it is difficult to predict the timing and amount of availability pursuant to our equity line of credit with LPC
(see Note 8 above). Given our recurring losses, negative cash flow, accumulated deficit, and the impact of COVID-19, there is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

F- 7 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 

Use of estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP generally requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Basis of accounting 

We measure all of our assets and liabilities on
the historical cost basis of accounting unless otherwise required by GAAP. 

Property and equipment, net 

Property and equipment is stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We recognized
depreciation expense of 552 and 552, respectively, in fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

Intangible assets, net 

Intangible assets are analyzed for potential impairment
at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable and exceeds the fair
value, which is the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the intangible assets.
We did not have any intangible assets as of July 31, 2021. We recognized amortization expense of 5,000 and 10,000, respectively, in
fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

Beneficial conversion feature of convertible
notes payable 

The Beneficial Conversion Feature BCF of a convertible note (Note 5) is normally characterized as the convertible portion or feature of certain notes payable that provide a
rate of conversion that is below market value or in-the-money when issued. We record a BCF related to the issuance of a convertible note
when issued. Beneficial conversion features that are contingent upon the occurrence of a future event are recorded upon the occurrence
of the event. 

The BCF of a convertible note is a reduction of
the carrying amount of the convertible note equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion feature, both of which are credited to additional
paid-in-capital and such discount is amortized over the expected term of the convertible note (or to the conversion date of the note,
if sooner) and is charged to interest expense. 

Net loss per share 

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed giving effect
to all potentially dilutive common stock and common stock equivalents, including stock options, convertible notes, RSUs and warrants. Basic
and diluted net loss per share were the same for all periods presented as we were in a loss position for all periods. 

F- 8 

The following securities were excluded from the
calculation of diluted net loss per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Options to purchase common stock 
 300,000 
 375,000 
 
 Equivalent shares of convertible notes into common stock 
 1,134,000 
 654,821 
 
 Warrants to purchase common stock 
 4,739,834 
 44,500 
 
 Restricted stock units 
 2,678,181 
 750,000 
 
 Total potentially dilutive securities 
 8,852,015 
 1,824,321 

Stock-based compensation 

We recognize compensation expense for all restricted
stock and stock option awards made to employees, directors and independent contractors. The fair value of stock option awards (Note 7)
is estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, and the portion that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized
as compensation cost over the requisite service period. We have elected to recognize compensation expense for all options with graded
vesting on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the entire option. The determination of fair value using the Black-Scholes
pricing model is affected by our stock price, as well as by assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables, including
expected stock price volatility, risk free interest rate, expected dividends and projected stock option exercise behaviors. We estimate
volatility based on historical volatility of our common stock, and estimate the expected term based on several criteria, including the
vesting period of the grant and the term of the award. We estimate stock option exercise behavior based on assumptions regarding future
exercise activity of unexercised, outstanding options. 

Fair value measurements 

The carrying values of cash, prepaid expenses,
accounts payable and accrued wages approximate their estimated fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Research and development expense 

Research and development costs are expensed in
the period when incurred as a component of general and administrative expense. We recognized research and development expense of 1,632,593
and 20,237, respectively, in fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

In-process research and development 

In-process research and
development relates to acquired research and development for a product that is not yet being sold and is expensed upon purchase. We recognized
in-process research and development expense of 9,440,000 and 0, respectively, in fiscal 2021 and 2020 (Note 4). 

F- 9 

Income taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for based upon an asset
and liability approach. Accordingly, deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from the difference between the tax basis of an asset or
liability and its reported amount in the financial statements. Deferred tax amounts are determined using the tax rates expected to be
in effect when the taxes will actually be paid or refunds received, as provided under currently enacted tax law. Valuation allowances
are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense or benefit is the
tax payable or refundable, respectively, for the period plus or minus the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the period. 

Accounting guidance requires the recognition of
a financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain
the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial
statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the
relevant tax authority. We believe our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained upon examination and, accordingly,
no reserves or related accruals for interest and penalties have been recorded at July 31, 2021 or 2020. We recognize interest and penalties
on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable tax settlements within income tax expense. 

Note 3. New Accounting Pronouncements 

ASU 2019-12 

 In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740), which
simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740. The amendments also
improve consistent application of and simplify GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption of the
amendments is permitted, including adoption in any interim period for which financial statements have not yet been issued. Depending on
the amendment, adoption may be applied on the retrospective, modified retrospective or prospective basis. We do not expect the adoption
of ASU 2019-12 to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ASU 2020-06 

 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments, reduces complexity for preparers and practitioners
and improves the decision usefulness and relevance of the information provided to financial statement users. ASU 2020-06 also amends the
guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting
conclusions. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. We have not yet determined the
impact of adoption this standard on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note 4. Asset Purchase Agreement 

On January 7, 2021, we entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement (the APA with Prevacus, Inc. Prevacus ), pursuant to which we purchased the assets and all of the
rights, interests and intellectual property in a certain drug program (PRV-002) for treating mild brain trauma (concussion) and the delivery
device (collectively, the Asset in exchange for (i) 7,000,000 shares of our common stock plus (ii) the Milestone Consideration.
Prevacus is a related party, as we are party to a Joint Venture and Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement entered into in June 2019
and its President, Dr. Jacob Vanlandingham, is a member of our Board of Directors. 

F- 10 

The Milestone Consideration Milestone may be earned by Prevacus as follows: 

(i) 
 2,000,000 shares of our Common Stock when the United States Patents are revived in our name by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and any international patents that have lapsed also revived in our name by the respective country s patent offices. The value of shares issued shall not exceed 6.0 million based on the price of our common stock on the date the payment is due; 

(ii) 
 1,000,000 shares of our common stock upon successful first dosing in a Phase I Clinical Trial for the Asset; 

(iii) 
 2,000,000 shares of our common stock upon the grant and issuance to us of a Patent for the Asset from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the value of which shall not exceed 10.0 million based on the price of our common stock on the date the payment is due; 

(iv) 
 1,000,000 shares of our common stock upon our receipt of net proceeds of at least 1.0 million in a Non-Dilutive Financing relating directly to the development of the Asset within one year after the Closing Date or, in the event of any Non-Dilutive Financing submitted prior to the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, the milestone will stay effective until the second year anniversary of the Closing Date; 

(v) 
 2,000,000 shares of our common stock if we sell the Asset to a Third Party resulting in net proceeds to us of at least 50.0 million after a Phase IB Clinical Trial for which we are the sponsor is complete, but prior to completion of a Phase II Clinical Trial. The value of the 2,000,000 shares related to this milestone shall not exceed 25.0 million based on the price of our common stock on the date the payment is due; 

(vi) 
 4,000,000 shares of our common stock upon the successful completion of a Phase II Clinical Trial for the Asset that leads to (I) our sale of the Asset to a Third Party resulting in net proceeds to us of at least 50.0 million; or (II) the administration of the first dose in a Phase III Clinical Trial for the Asset for which we are, or one of our affiliates or licensees is the sponsor; and 

(vii) 
 2,000,000 shares of our common stock after the first dosing in a Phase II Clinical Trial and the successful completion of a Phase 1B human clinical trial. 

All Milestone payments shall only be paid once,
upon the initial achievement of the particular Milestone event. We, at our sole and absolute discretion, shall determine if any Milestone
event has occurred. To extent the related milestones are not achieved, the above-mentioned Milestone payments will terminate and cease
to exist, and we will no longer be liable thereunder, if said Milestone is not completed within four years after the Closing Date. 

On March 1, 2021 (the
 Closing Date ), our APA with Prevacus closed and we issued 6,000,000 shares of our common stock valued at the fair market
value of 1.18 per share for the stock granted on the date of acquisition for 7,080,000. In addition, 1,000,000 shares of our common
stock valued at 1.18 per share for 1,180,000 was recorded as a component of Additional Paid in Capital for the probability of earning
the Milestone Consideration of first dosing in a Phase I Clinical Trial. In addition, we withheld 1,000,000 shares of our common stock
valued at 1.18 per share, for 1,180,000, in exchange for our payment of certain liabilities of Prevacus. At July 31, 2021, our Asset
purchase liability account balance was 1,125,026. The net change in the Asset purchase liability account will be released as shares at
 1.18 per share once all liabilities have been paid. 

We determined that, in
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic
730 Research and Development (ASC 730-10-25-2(c)) and pursuant to ASC 730-10-25-2(c), intangibles purchased from others for use in particular
research and development projects and that have no alternative future use in research and development or otherwise, represent costs of
research and development as acquired, and therefore are expensed when incurred. Accordingly, On March 1, 2021, the date of acquisition,
we expensed 9,440,000 as In-process research and development. 

At July 31,
2021 we have contingent consideration related to the Milestones in the APA entered into March 1, 2021. According to the agreement,
we will issue common stock at the fair value on the date of meeting the Milestones. The fair value of the contingent consideration
was reviewed and it was determined that, based on the current status of the project (Level 3), the value was zero as of July 31,
2021 since it is not yet probable that we will meet any of the Milestones. 

F- 11 

Note 5. Fair Value 

The fair value of financial assets and liabilities
are determined utilizing a three-level framework as follows: 

Level 1 Observable inputs, such
as unadjusted quoted prices in active markets, for substantially identical assets and liabilities. 

Level 2 
Observable inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 for similar assets and liabilities. These include quoted prices for similar
assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. If the asset or liability has a specified or contractual
term, the input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 
Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity, generally requiring a significant amount of judgment by management. 

The methods described
above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Further,
although we believe our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies
or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the
reporting date. 

We did not have any transfers
of assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis to or from Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 during the fiscal years ended
July 31, 2021 or 2020. 

The carrying values of
cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued wages approximate their fair value due to their short maturities. 

No changes were made
to our valuation techniques during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. 

Contingent Liabilities 

 At July 31, 2021 and
2020, we had contingent consideration related to the acquisition of intellectual property, know-how and patents for an anti-choking, life-saving
medical device in fiscal 2019. According to the agreement, we will make a one-time cash payment totaling 250,000 upon FDA clearance of
the device. The fair value of the contingent consideration is reviewed quarterly and determined based on the current status of the project
(Level 3). We determined the value was zero at both periods since it is not yet probable that we will file for FDA clearance. 

We also have contingent
consideration related to the Prevacus APA as discussed above in Note 4. 

Fixed-Rate Debt 

 We have fixed-rate debt
that is reported on our Balance Sheets at carrying value less unamortized debt discount and closing costs. The fair value of our fixed
rate debt was calculated using a discounted cash flow methodology with estimated current interest rates based on similar risk profile
and duration (Level 2). The carrying value, excluding unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs, and the fair value of our fixed-rate
long-term debt was as follows: 

July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Carrying value 
 1,087,270 
 445,000 
 
 Fair value 
 1,094,212 
 445,000 

Non-Financial Assets 

 Non-financial assets, such as Property and equipment
and Intangible assets, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis when events or circumstances indicate that an impairment may
have occurred. If we determine these assets to be impaired, they are reported at fair value as calculated during the period. No non-financial
assets were recorded at fair value during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 or 2020. 

F- 12 

Note 6. Debt 

LGH Investments, LLC 

December 2020 Promissory Note 

 On December 11, 2020, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the 2020 LGH Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC LGH ), pursuant to which we entered
into a 165,000 face value convertible promissory note which bore interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to the face value and was
due September 11, 2021 (the 2020 Note ). We received 150,000 from the issuance of the 2020 Note and incurred a 15,000 original
issue discount and 7,500 closing costs, which were being amortized over the life of the 2020 Note. The 2020 Note was convertible at a
price of 0.15 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2020 Note. 

On March 5, 2021, LGH notified us of their intent
to convert their 165,000 convertible promissory note plus 13,200 of interest. We negotiated with them to convert 89,100 of the total
into 594,000 shares of our common stock and paid the remaining 89,100 in cash. 

The 2020 LGH Agreement included the issuance of
a five-year share purchase warrant exercisable for 470,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 0.35 per share and 200,000 shares
of our common stock. 

The value of the 470,000 warrants was 82,720
and the value of the 200,000 shares of common stock was 40,000 for a total value of 122,720, which were being amortized over the life
of the 2020 Note as closing costs and was expensed at conversion. Additionally, 100,000 shares valued at 44,000 were expensed as financing
costs when incurred. 

The conversion feature met the criteria for characterization
as a beneficial conversion feature and, accordingly, we allocated 19,780 of the proceeds to the beneficial conversion feature, which
was also being amortized over the life of the 2020 Note and was expensed at conversion. 

April 2021 Promissory Note 

 On April 5, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with LGH 2021 LGH Agreement pursuant to which we entered into a 1,050,000 face value convertible
promissory note which bears interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to the face value and is due February 5, 2022 (the 2021
Note ). We received 970,000 net cash from the issuance of the 2021 Note and incurred a 50,000 original issue discount and 30,000
closing costs, which are being amortized over the life of the 2021 Note. 

The 2021 Note is convertible at a price of 1.00
per share. If an Event of Default occurs as defined in the 2021 Note, the Outstanding Balance shall immediately increase to one hundred
twenty percent (120 of the Outstanding Balance immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default and the conversion price
will be 1.00 per share. 

The 2021 LGH Agreement included the issuance of
a five-year share purchase warrant exercisable for 1,134,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 0.95 per share and 100,000 shares
of our common stock. 

The value of the 1,134,000 warrants was 877,716,
of which 423,003 was allocated as debt discount and the value of the 100,000 shares of common stock was 85,000 of which 40,965 was
allocated as the fair value of the common shares, for a total value of 463,968 which is being amortized over the life of the Note. 

Labrys Fund, LP 

 On August 14, 2020, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Labrys SPA with Labrys Fund, LP Labrys ), pursuant to which Labrys purchased a 350,000
(the Principal Amount Self-Amortization Promissory Note (the Note for 315,000 in cash with an original
issuance discount of approximately 10 . The Note bears interest at 12 per year. In consideration for entering into the Labrys SPA, we
issued 420,000 shares (the Commitment Shares of our common stock with a value of 197,400. 350,000 of the Commitment Shares
(the Second Commitment Shares will be returned to us if the Note is fully repaid and satisfied on or prior to August 14,
2021 (the Maturity Date ). The Note was fully repaid on August 4, 2021 and the shares were returned on August 6, 2021. 

F- 13 

Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, 
the Note is convertible into shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to the closing bid price of the common stock on the
trading day immediately preceding the date of conversion (the Conversion Price ); provided, however , that Labrys
may not convert any portion of the Note which would cause Labrys, collectively with its affiliates, to hold more than 4.99 of our issued
and outstanding common stock, unless such limit is waived. Labrys may not execute any short sales on any of our common stock at any time
while the Note is outstanding. 

The Note requires that we reserve from our authorized
and unissued common stock a number of shares equal to the greater of: (a) 1,140,000 shares or (b) the sum of (i) the number of shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and such additional shares of common stock, if any, as are
issuable on account of interest on the Note pursuant to the Labrys SPA issuable upon the full conversion of the Note (assuming no payment
of the principal amount or interest) as of any issue date multiplied by (ii) one and a half. We are subject to penalties for failure to
timely deliver shares to Labrys following a conversion request. 

The Labrys SPA and the Note contain
covenants and restrictions common with this type of debt transaction. Furthermore, we are subject to certain negative covenants
under the Labrys SPA and the Note, which we believe are customary for transactions of this type. At July 31, 2021, we were in
compliance with all covenants and restrictions. 

We paid Alliance Global Partners, LLP A.G.P. as a placement agent a fee of 25,200 and other closing costs of 6,500 for total closing costs of 31,700 which are being amortized over
the one-year life of the Note. 

Conversion of Convertible Notes Payable 

 On August 14, 2020, we converted a convertible
promissory note with a face value of 100,000 and accrued interest of 7,000 into 214,000 shares of our common stock as calculated by
the conversion price of the convertible promissory note of 0.50 per share. 

In February 2021, we settled a convertible promissory
note with a face value of 20,000 and accrued interest of 1,400 with a cash payment totaling 21,400. 

In February, March and April 2021, upon maturity,
we converted five convertible promissory notes with an aggregate face value of 230,000 and aggregate accrued interest of 16,100 into
298,165 shares of our common stock as calculated by the conversion price of the convertible promissory notes with a weighted average conversion
rate of 0.83 per share. 

In May 2021, upon maturity, we converted four
convertible promissory notes with an aggregate face value of 95,000 and accrued interest of 6,650 into 127,063 shares of our common
stock as calculated by the conversion price of the convertible promissory notes of 0.80 per share. 

As of July 31, 2021, no convertible promissory
notes were outstanding, except the note due to LGH. 

PPP Loan 

 On February 11, 2021, we received notice that the SBA Paycheck Protection Program
loan for 50,000 was forgiven. The 50,000 gain is reflected as Gain on debt extinguishment on our Statements of Operations for the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2021. 

Notes Payable 

 The following notes payable were outstanding: 

July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Convertible notes with maturities in May 2021 with interest rates of 7 and convertible at 0.80 per share 
 
 445,000 
 
 Note issued to Labrys due August 14, 2021 with an interest rate of 12.0 
 37,270 

Convertible note issued to LGH due February 5, 2022 with an interest rate of 8.0 and convertible at 1.00 per share 
 1,050,000 

1,087,270 
 445,000 
 
 Unamortized debt discount and closing costs 
 (351,030 
 (233,770 

736,240 
 211,230 

F- 14 

Note 7. Stock-Based Awards 

At July 31, 2021, we do not have any share-based
payment plans approved by our shareholders. See Note 12 of Notes to Financial Statements for additional information. 

Stock Options 

 Stock option activity during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 was
as follows: 

Number of 
 Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Options outstanding at July 31, 2020 
 15,050,000 
 0.26 
 
 Options canceled 
 (15,000,000 
 0.25 
 
 Options granted 
 1,000,000 
 1.18 
 
 Options outstanding at July 31, 2021 
 1,050,000 
 1.22 

On March 1, 2021, as part of the APA and Dr. Vanlandingham s
employment agreement, Dr. Vanlandingham was granted 1,000,000 stock options with a fair market value of 941,000. 250,000
shares vested on the signing of closing documents. 250,000 shares vest on Phase 1A first dosing of human, 250,000 shares vest on Phase
1B first dosing of human; and 250,000 shares vest upon us being accepted on NASDAQ. These amounts are being expensed over
the life of the awards and the milestones are revalued quarterly. 587,234 was expensed to General and administrative expenses in the
fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. 

The foregoing table only includes stock options
awarded to employees and others for services rendered to us. 600,000 options with an exercise price of 1.25 and a remaining term of 7.89
years issued as consideration for our acquisition of certain intellectual property assets are not reflected in the table above. 

Criteria used for determining the Black-Scholes value of options granted
were as follows: 

Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Expected stock price volatility 
 155 

Risk free interest rate 
 0.08 

Expected life of options (years) 
 3 

Expected dividend yield 

Restricted Stock Units RSUs 

 RSU activity during the year-ended July 31, 2021
was as follows: 

RSUs outstanding at July 31, 2020 
 1,750,000 
 
 RSUs issued 
 5,325,000 
 
 RSUs vested 
 (2,678,181 
 
 RSUs outstanding at July 31, 2021 
 4,396,819 

F- 15 

In January 2021, we issued RSUs covering 4,000,000
shares of our common stock, with a value of 720,000, to two officers which vest equally over 36 months. In addition, we issued RSUs covering
50,000 shares of our common stock, with a value of 21,500, to a consultant, which vest equally over 24 months. In April 2021, we issued
RSUs covering 50,000 shares of common stock to a consultant, with a value of 43,000 which vests in August 2021. These amounts are being
expensed over the life of the awards and 181,346 was expensed to General and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended July
31, 2021. As of July 31, 2021, 538,654 remained to be expensed in future periods. 

In March, April and May 2021, we entered into
consulting agreements with three medical professionals for our Science Advisory Board and eight individuals for our Sports Advisory Board.
In connection with the agreements, we issued RSUs covering 725,000 shares of our common stock with a value of 672,00 which 237,500 vested
upon signing and 487,500 vest in one year. This amount is being expensed over the life of the awards and 376,056 was expensed to General
and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. As of July 31, 2021, 295,944 remained to be expensed in future
periods. 

Unrecognized Compensation Costs 

 At July 31, 2021, we had total unrecognized stock-based
compensation of 1,133,770, which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of 1.99 years. 

Warrants 

 Warrant activity during the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2021 was as follows: 

Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Warrants outstanding at July 31, 2020 
 644,500 
 1.50 
 
 Warrants issued 
 4,139,834 
 1.05 
 
 Warrants canceled 
 (44,500 
 (1.50 
 
 Warrants outstanding at July 31, 2021 
 4,739,834 
 1.05 

Common Stock Issued for Compensation 

 On July 31, 2021, Mr. Redmond received 5.3 million
shares of common stock to replace the unissued shares per his November 28, 2018 amended employment agreement. The Company recognized 53,000
of compensation expense related to the 5.3 million shares granted, with fair value of 0.01 per share, as a component of General and administrative
expenses. 

Note 8. Common Stock 

Treasury Shares 

 In June 2021, Green Energy Alternatives, Inc.
returned 5,300,000 shares of stock to our common stock treasury, as the company is no longer in business. 

In July 2021, Electromedica, LLC returned 15,000,000
shares of stock to our common stock treasury under a settlement and release agreement. 

Common Stock Issued for Services 

 In January 2021, we entered into three agreements
for consulting services to be provided. We granted the consultants 540,000 shares of our common stock with a value of 88,000 which was
expensed as a component of General and administrative expenses. 

On February 12, 2021, we entered into an agreement
for consulting services to be provided through February 2022. We granted the consultant 75,000 shares of our common stock with a value
of 93,750 which was expensed as a component of General and administrative expenses. 

On March 1, 2021, we entered into an agreement
for consulting services to be provided through February 2022. We granted the consultant 25,000 shares of our common stock with a value
of 29,500 which was expensed as a component of General and administrative expenses. 

F- 16 

Common Stock Issued for Compensation 

 On July 31, 2021, Mr. Redmond received 5.3 million
shares of common stock to replace the unissued shares per his November 28, 2018 amended employment agreement. The Company recognized 53,000
of compensation expense related to the 5.3 million shares granted, with a fair value of 0.01 per share, as a component of General and
administrative expenses. 

Tysadco Partners 

 In June 2021, we sold 500,000 shares of our common
stock at 0.59 per share along with a five-year share purchase warrant exercisable for 500,000 shares of our common stock at a price of
 1.00 per share for total an aggregate purchase price of 295,000 to Tysadco Partners Tysadco ), an accredited investor,
which also provided certain consulting services to us. The purchase price was paid with 250,000 cash and the satisfaction of 45,000
of amounts due to Tysadco for its consulting services. 

Lincoln Park Capital Fund 

 On August 14, 2020, we entered into a Purchase
Agreement (the LPC Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park or LPC ).
Pursuant to the LPC Purchase Agreement, we have the right, in our sole discretion, to sell to LPC up to 10,250,000 in shares of our common
stock, from time to time over a 36-month period. In consideration for entering into the LPC Purchase Agreement, we issued 793,802 shares
of our common stock to LPC. 

Upon entering into the LPC Purchase Agreement,
we sold 602,422 shares of our common stock to LPC in an initial purchase for a total purchase price of 250,000. Thereafter, and subject
to the conditions of the LPC Purchase Agreement and RRA, on any business day and subject to certain customary conditions, we may direct
LPC to purchase to up to 200,000 shares of our common stock (such purchases, Regular Purchases ). The amount of a Regular
Purchase may increase up to 100,000 shares of common stock under certain circumstances based on the market price of the common stock.
There are no limits on the price per share that LPC may pay to purchase common stock under the LPC Purchase Agreement, provided that LPC s
committed obligation under any Regular Purchase shall not exceed 50,000 unless the median aggregate dollar value of the volume of shares
of common stock during the 20 consecutive trading day period ending on the date of the applicable Regular Purchase equals or exceeds 100,000,
in which case LPC s committed obligation under such single Regular Purchase shall not exceed 500,000. 

In addition, if we have directed LPC to purchase
the full amount of common stock available as a Regular Purchase on a given day, we may direct LPC to purchase additional amounts as accelerated
purchases and additional accelerated purchases as set forth in the LPC Purchase Agreement. The purchase price of
shares of our common stock will be based on the then prevailing market prices of such shares at the time of sale. The LPC Purchase Agreement
limits our sale of shares of common stock to LPC, and LPC s purchase or acquisition of common stock from us, to an amount of common
stock that, when aggregated with all other shares of our common stock then beneficially owned by LPC would result in LPC having beneficial
ownership, at any single point in time, of more than 4.99 of the then total outstanding shares of our common stock. 

The LPC Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties, covenants, closing conditions and indemnification and termination provisions. LPC has covenanted not to cause
or engage in any manner whatsoever, any direct or indirect short selling or hedging of our common stock. The LPC Purchase Agreement does
not limit our ability to raise capital from other sources in our sole discretion; provided, however, that we shall not enter into any
 Variable Rate Transaction as defined in the LPC Purchase Agreement, including the issuance of any floating conversion rate
or variable priced equity-like securities, but excluding any At-the-Market offering with a registered broker-dealer, until
the later of (i) the 36-month anniversary of the date of the LPC Purchase Agreement, and (ii) the 36-month anniversary of the Commencement
Date (if the Commencement has occurred), in either case irrespective of any earlier termination of the LPC Purchase Agreement. The LPC
Purchase Agreement may be terminated by us at any time and at our discretion without any cost to us. 

In connection with the LPC transaction, we engaged
A.G.P. as a placement agent to help raise capital. A.G.P. introduced us to LPC, for which we agreed to pay A.G.P. a fee of 8 of the amount
of the funds received from LPC, which totaled 20,000 in the quarter ended October 31, 2020. A.G.P. will also receive a fee totaling 8 
of any additional funds raised pursuant to the LPC Purchase Agreement. At July 31, 2021, we paid A.G.P. a total of 97,718 in additional
fees. 

In addition, and in consideration for the service
provided in connection with Labrys and LPC, we granted warrants that were immediately exercisable for a total of 550,000 shares of our
common stock at 0.50 per share to A.G.P. and two partners of A.G.P. The warrants had a value of 220,000 and expire August 6, 2024. Of
the 220,000, 91,667 was netted against the LPC equity transaction and 128,333 was recorded as debt closing costs related to the Labrys
transaction and is being amortized over the one-year life of the note. 

F- 17 

Shares purchased by LPC, including the initial
purchase, are summarized below: 

Purchase Date 
 
 Number of Shares 
 Purchased 

Average 
 Purchase Price 
 per Share 

Total Purchase Price 

Remaining Purchase 
 Availability 
 
 August 14, 2020 

602,422 

0.410 

250,000 

10,000,000 
 
 January 2021 

200,000 

0.175 

35,080 

9,964,920 
 
 February 2021 

330,106 

0.626 

206,798 

9,758,122 
 
 March 2021 

1,020,798 

0.960 

979,597 

8,778,525 

2,153,326 

1,471,475 

We paid A.G.P. a fee of 97,718, in connection
with the 1,550,904 shares purchased from January 2021 through July 2021. 

See Note 12 for information regarding subsequent
sales to LPC. 

Note 9. Income Taxes 

We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal
jurisdiction and the various states in which we operate. We registered with the Franchise Tax Board in the State of California in tax
year 2020. Our tax returns are not currently under examination for any year. Our deferred tax assets consist of federal net operating
loss carryforwards that expire through the year 2036. The deferred tax assets are net of a 100 valuation allowance as it is more likely
than not at this time that the deferred tax assets will not be realized within the carryforward period due to substantial uncertainty
as to our ability to continue as a going concern (Note 11). 

The following table reconciles the U.S. federal
statutory rate to our effective tax rate: 

For the year ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 US federal statutory rates 
 21 
 21 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (21) 
 (21) 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 0 
 0 

Our tax provision (benefit) was as follows: 

For the year ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Current deferred 
 1,182,300 
 161,200 
 
 Increase in valuation allowance 
 (1,182,300 
 (161,200 
 
 Total 

F- 18 

Our net deferred tax asset was as follows: 

For the year ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Deferred tax asset 
 1,589,700 
 407,400 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (1,589,700 
 (407,400 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

As of July 31, 2021, we had 7,218,517 of federal
net operating loss carry forwards. These carry forwards, if not used, will begin to expire in 2036. Current or future ownership changes
may severely limit the future realization of these net operating losses. 

We provide for a valuation allowance when it is
more likely than not that they will not realize a portion of the deferred tax assets. We established a valuation allowance against our
net deferred tax asset due to the uncertainty that enough taxable income will be generated in those taxing jurisdictions to utilize the
assets. Therefore, we have not reflected any benefit from such deferred tax assets in the accompanying financial statements. 

We reviewed the issuance of stock to certain
senior executives who received stock in conjunction with becoming an officer and director. In this case, as an officer and director
of a publicly-traded company, the sale of shares could be subject to the short-swing profits rules of Securities Exchange Act
Section 16(b) and is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture per IRC 83 (c)(3)(A). Given that such stock
is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, such stock is treated as nonvested stock under IRC 83. As the stock received
was nonvested stock, income inclusion is deferred until the year in which the stock vests unless the employee makes an affirmative
election to include income in the year of receipt. 

We reviewed all income tax positions taken or
that are expected to be taken for all open years and determined that our income tax positions are appropriately stated and supported for
all open years. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years after 2020 due to unexpired net operating
loss carryforwards originating in and subsequent to that year. We may be subject to income tax examinations for the various taxing authorities
which vary by jurisdiction. Our policy is to record interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income
taxes in the statements of operations. As of July 31, 2021, there were no unrecognized tax benefits, or any tax related interest or penalties.
We do not have any examinations ongoing. Tax returns for the years 2014 onwards are subject to federal, state or local examinations. 

Note 10. Related Party Transactions 

Due to Officers and Executives 

 The following amounts were due to our officers
for reimbursement of expenses and were included in Accounts payable on our Balance Sheets: 

July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Joseph M. Redmond, CEO 
 2,568 
 2,304 
 
 Christine Farrell, CFO 
 
 25,598 

2,568 
 27,902 

F- 19 

The amount of accrued salary due to Mr. Redmond for his
services from November 2017 to July 2021 was included in Accrued wages on our Balance Sheet and was as follows: 

Balance at July 31, 2019 
 181,538 
 
 Salary accrued 
 163,846 
 
 Payments made 
 (161,538 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2020 
 183,846 
 
 Salary accrued 

Payments made 

Balance at July 31, 2021 
 183,846 

Accrued payroll from July 18, 2021 to July 31, 2021 of 13,846 which
was paid on August 6, 2021, is not reflected above but is included as accrued wages on the balance sheet. 

Related Party Transaction 

In January 2021, we issued RSUs covering 4,000,000
shares of our common stock, with a value of 720,000, to two officers which vest equally over 36 months. These amounts are being expensed
over the life of the awards and 140,000 was expensed to General and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021.
As of July 31, 2021, 580,000 remained to be expensed in future periods. 

Upon joining our Board, we have granted to each
new director RSUs for 500,000 shares of our common stock. 200,000 shares vest upon becoming a Board member, 200,000 shares vest on the
first anniversary and 100,000 shares vest on the second anniversary, subject to acceleration upon a corporate transaction, provided in
each that the director is in the continuous service of the Company through the vesting event. The exception to this was the grant of one
million shares of our common stock outright to Dr. Vanlandingham, who was appointed for a two-year period upon the signing of the Prevacus,
Inc. Asset Purchase agreement on June 25, 2019. These amounts are being expensed over the life of the awards and 547,255 and 1,998,750,
respectively, were expensed to General and administrative expense in fiscal 2021 and 2020. As of July 31, 2021, 263,164 remained to be
expensed in future periods. 

On November 7, 2017, Mr. Redmond entered into
an employment agreement with the Company. As part of the employment agreement, Mr. Redmond was granted 25 million shares of common stock
that vesting equally upon FDA submission of CardioMap, FDA approval for CardioMap and the raising of 2 million for further CardioMap
development. Mr. Redmond could not sell the shares for two years or until the Company reached 10 million in revenues. Mr. Redmond was
granted options for 15 million shares with a strike price of 0.25 per share that vest equally upon the Company s revenue reaching
 5 million, 10, million and 15 million. The vesting accelerated based upon a change of control. None of these conditions were met and
the options were canceled in September 2020. 

On February 16, 2018, the employment agreement
was amended granting Mr. Redmond 10 million shares of common stock. No other provision of the employment contract was amended, and the
amendment was explicit on that provision. On November 28, 2018, the employment agreement was again amended to include 4.7 million of the
10 million shares to be provided by the Company and 5.3 million to be provided by Green Energy Alternatives, LLC, which shares were returned
to treasury in June 2021. No other provision of the employment contract was amended, and the amendment was explicit on that provision. 

On July 31, 2021, Mr. Redmond received 5.3 million
shares of common stock to replace the unissued shares per his November 28, 2018 amended employment agreement. The Company recognized 53,000
of compensation expense related to the 5.3 million shares granted, with a fair value of 0.01 per share, for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

On March 1, 2021, as part of the Prevacus
APA and Dr. Vanlandingham s employment agreement, Dr. Vanlandingham was granted 1,000,000 stock options with a fair market
value of 941,000. 250,000 shares vested on signing of closing documents; 250,000 shares vest on
Phase 1A first dosing of human, 250,000 shares vest on Phase 1B first dosing of human; and 250,000 shares vest upon us being
accepted on NASDAQ. This amount is being expensed over the life of the awards and 587,234 was expensed to General and
administrative expenses in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. 

In March and May 2021, the Company entered in a letter agreement loan
with Prevacus Inc. for 2,500 and 5,000, respectively. The loan has an annual interest rate of 3 per annum and principal and interest
are due June 2021. At July 31, 2021, the loans have not been repaid and continue to accrue interest. 

F- 20 

Note 11. Going Concern 

We did not recognize any revenues for the years
ended July 31, 2021 or 2020 and we had an accumulated deficit of 45,733,823 as of July 31, 2021. For the foreseeable future, we expect
to experience continuing operating losses and negative cash flows from operations. Cash available at July 31, 2021 of 556,584 may not
provide enough working capital to meet our current operating expenses through October 29, 2022. 

The operating deficit indicates substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our continued existence depends on the success of our efforts to raise additional capital
necessary to meet our obligations as they come due and to obtain sufficient capital to execute our business plan. We may obtain capital
primarily through issuances of debt or equity or entering into collaborative arrangements with corporate partners. There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in completing additional financing or collaboration transactions or, if financing is available, that it can
be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we may be required
to further scale down or perhaps even cease operations. 

The issuance of additional equity securities could
result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans
would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. Our financial statements do not include adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally, as the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic continues to severely impact the U.S. and global economy, our business may be impacted in a variety of ways. Political, legal
or regulatory actions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in jurisdictions where we may plan to manufacture, source or distribute products
have created supply disruptions which could affect our plans, and may cause additional supply disruptions or shortages in the future.
We cannot currently predict the frequency, duration or scope of these governmental actions and supply disruptions. For example, several
countries, including India and China, have increased or instituted new restrictions on the export of medical or pharmaceutical products
that we distribute or use in our business, including key components or raw materials. Governmental authorities in many countries, including
the U.S., are enacting legislative or regulatory changes to address the impact of the pandemic, which may restrict or require changes
in our operations, increase our costs, or otherwise adversely affect our operations. 

If we are unable to raise additional capital by
October 29, 2022, we will adjust our current business plan. Due to the unknown and volatile nature of the stock price and trading volume
of our common stock, is it is difficult to predict the timing and amount of availability pursuant to our equity line of credit with LPC
(see Note 8 above). Given our recurring losses, negative cash flow, accumulated deficit, and the impact of COVID-19, there is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

F- 21 

Note 12. Subsequent Events 

LPC 

 On October 22, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with LPC pursuant to which we received 250,000 in cash from LPC and LPC received (i) 833,333
restricted shares of our common stock, (ii) an additional 666,667 restricted shares of our common stock as inducement shares, and (iii)
833,333 warrants exercisable at 0.50 per common share expiring in five years. 

Tysadco Partners 

 On August 29, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Tysadco pursuant to which we entered into a 250,000 face value convertible promissory
note which bears interest at a one-time rate of 8.0 applied to the face value and is due March 1, 2022. We received 250,000 net cash
from the issuance of the promissory note and issued 200,000 inducement shares of common stock with a fair value of 76,000. 

On October 18, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Tysadco pursuant to which we received 250,000 in cash from Tysadco and Tysadco received
(i) 833,333 restricted shares of our common stock, (ii) an additional 666,667 restricted shares of our common stock as inducement shares,
and (iii) 833,333 warrants exercisable at 0.50 per common share expiring in five years. 

LPC Draws 

 In August and September 2021,
we sold an additional 974,482 shares of our common stock to LPC for total proceeds 367,036. As of October 29, 2021, remaining purchase
availability was 8,411,489 and remaining shares available were 16,143,566. 

Name Change 

 At the annual shareholder meeting held September
14, 2021 the stockholders approved the proposal to change the name of the Company to Odyssey Health, Inc. and to grant
the Board discretionary authority to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to effect the name change in
the state of Nevada. The Officers of the Company have filed an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Nevada,
and are awaiting approval from the Nevada Secretary of State. 

Reverse Split 

 At the annual shareholder meeting held September
14, 2021 the stockholders approved the proposal to grant the Board discretionary authority to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to
effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, such split to combine
a whole number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock in a range of not less than two shares and not more than 30 shares, into one
share of Common Stock at any time prior to January 31, 2022. The amendment did not change the number of authorized shares of Common Stock
or Preferred Stock or the relative voting power of our stockholders. The number of authorized shares will not be reduced. The number of
authorized but unissued shares of our Common Stock will materially increase and will be available for reissuance. We reserve the right
not to effect any reverse stock split if the Board does not deem it to be in the best interests of our stockholders and the Board's decision
as to whether and when to effect the reverse stock split will be based on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions,
existing and expected trading prices for our Common Stock, actual or forecasted results of operations, and the likely effect of such results
on the market price of our Common Stock. 

2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 

 At the annual shareholder meeting held September
14, 2021, the stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. The purposes of the Amended and Restated
2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan is to enable us to recruit and retain highly qualified employees, directors and consultants and to provide
incentives for productivity and the opportunity to share in the our growth and value. Subject to certain adjustments, the maximum number
of shares of common stock, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, cash or other
stock-based awards that may be issued under the Amended and Restated 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan is 20,000,000. 

F- 22 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management, with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of April 30,
2021. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives.
Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting
Officer concluded that, as of such date, as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that are
described below in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

In light of the material weakness described below,
as of July 31, 2021, prior to the filing of this Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2021, management determined that key controls
were performed timely and additional procedures were performed, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data
used to support the amounts reported in the financial statements. These control activities and additional procedures have allowed us to
conclude that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses, the financial statements in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects,
our financial position, results of operations, statement of shareholder equity and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity
with United States GAAP. 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

Internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. 

Management recognizes that there are inherent
limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal control can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material misstatements. In addition,
effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration
in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures. 

A material weakness is a significant deficiency,
or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of
the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

45 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our president, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of July 31, 2021,
based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on our evaluation under this framework, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of the evaluation date due to the factors stated below. 

Insufficient Resources: We have
an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. 

Inadequate Segregation
of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. 

We are committed to improving the internal controls
and will (1) continue to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist us with accounting and finance responsibilities,
(2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts, which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties
until there are sufficient personnel, and (3) may consider appointing additional outside directors and audit committee members in the
future. 

We have discussed the material weakness noted
above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this material weakness, there is a more than remote
likelihood that misstatements, which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements could occur that would not be prevented
or detected. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our report was not subject to attestation
by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only our report in
this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended July 31, 2021, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

46 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Executive Officers and Directors 

The following table sets forth
information about our executive officers and directors as of the date of this filing: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with Odyssey 
 
 Held Position Since 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board 
 
 2017 
 
 Jerome H. Casey 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 2019 
 
 Jeffrey Conroy 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 2019 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 2019 
 
 John P. Gandolfo 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 2019 
 
 Ricky W. Richardson 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 2021 
 
 Jacob W. Vanlandingham 
 
 47 
 
 Director and Vice President of Drug Development 
 
 2021 

No Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
among any directors or executive officers. 

Business Experience and Background of Directors
and Executive Officers 

Joseph Michael Redmond 
has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board since 2017. Mr. Redmond has over 30 years commercial experience
in medical device companies. Prior to joining Odyssey, Mr. Redmond served as CEO of Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., a healthcare related
company, from 2010 to 2017 where he acquired two businesses and three different patented technologies. Prior to this, Mr. Redmond was
V.P. of Business Development for DxTech, Inc., a start-up company developing a unique point of care diagnostic testing platform, from
2007 to 2009 when the company was sold. Prior to this, Mr. Redmond served as the V.P. of Sales and Marketing for Bioject Medical Technologies,
Inc. Bioject ), a medical device company specializing in unique drug delivery technologies, from 1996 to 2007. While at
Bioject, Mr. Redmond helped raise over 15 million in capital, entered into several licensing and distribution deals with major biotech
and pharmaceutical companies and grew the market cap of the company from under 10 million to over 400 million. Prior to this, Mr. Redmond
held various sales and marketing positions at Abbott Laboratories a multi-billion dollar healthcare company and helped start KMC Systems
Inc., now a leading private label developer and manufacturer of medical devices and instrumentation. Mr. Redmond was in charge of Sales
and Marketing and grew the company from start-up to over 50 million in revenue. Mr. Redmond has a B.A. degree from Denison University. 

We believe that Mr. Redmond possesses specific
attributes that qualify him to serve on the board of directors, including his extensive experience in the health and wellness industry
while working with and managing companies within the industry and as a board member his knowledge about product strategies and marketing
will assist the company in developing businesses. Mr. Redmond has management experience in a publicly traded company. 

Jerome
H. Casey has been a Director since September 2019. Mr. Casey has been a leader in the life science industry for over 30 years.
Mr. Casey served as a senior executive at Genzyme Corporation, a biotechnology company, from 1989 to 2011. Mr. Casey was the driver behind
Genzyme s commercial success in the diagnostics arena, building a 175 million business which Genzyme sold to Japan-based Sekisui
Chemical in 2011. Mr. Casey then became the President and COO of the new entity, Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC, until the end of 2014. While
President and COO, Mr. Casey established the strategic direction for the company; led the global organization, including the commercial,
operations, research and development, finance, human resources, and legal functions; and achieved the annual and long-term financial objectives
of the business. Since 2015, Mr. Casey has been actively involved in several life sciences ventures, both as an advisor and an investor,
while serving on multiple Boards. Mr. Casey holds an M.B.A. degree in Finance and a B.A. degree in Political Science from the University
of Connecticut. Mr. Casey provides the Board with valuable insights into the life sciences industry as well as expertise in the
commercialization of products. Mr. Casey has management experience in a publicly traded company. 

47 

Jeffrey Conroy has
been a Director since August 2019. Mr. Conroy is an operating and business development executive with over 30 years in the life science
industry across therapeutics and medical devices. Mr. Conroy has served as the Chairman and CEO of Embody, a DARPA-funded medical device
company developing regenerative implants for tendon and ligament repair, from July 2015 to present. From 2012 to 2019, he served as the
Head of Corporate Development for Especificos Stendhal S.A. de C.V., a Latin American specialty pharmaceutical company. Mr. Conroy is
also currently the Managing Director of Windward Investments, where he structures licensing partnerships for life science companies. Mr.
Conroy is an independent director of Cingulate Therapeutics, a CNS company developing ADHD therapeutics. Mr. Conroy holds a B.S. degree
in Business Administration from Providence College. Mr. Conroy provides the Board with valuable insights into the global life sciences
industry as well as expertise in business development product licensing. Mr. Conroy has management experience in a publicly traded company. 

Christine M.
Farrell joined Odyssey April 2019 as a financial consultant serving as our Controller and Secretary and became Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary in January 2021. From 2014 to April 2019, Ms. Farrell worked as an independent contractor working
with small companies providing financial management. From February 1997 to 2014, Ms. Farrell was Vice President of Finance for
Bioject Medical Technologies Inc., a medical device company specializing in unique drug delivery technologies. Prior to joining
Bioject, Ms. Farrell held accounting and financial management positions with Spar-Tek Industries, a manufacturer of high
quality and cutting-edge technology for the plywood industry, and Action Machinery, a seller of new and used robotic machine tools
and equipment. Ms. Farrell holds a B.A. degree in Accounting from the University of Washington and an M.B.A. from Willamette
University in Salem, Oregon. 

John P. Gandolfo 
has been a Director since October 2019. Mr. Gandolfo has approximately 33 years of experience as a Chief Financial Officer CFO of multiple rapidly growing private and publicly held companies with a primary focus in the life sciences, healthcare and medical device
areas. Mr. Gandolfo has had direct responsibility over capital raising, including five public offerings, financial management, mergers
and acquisition transactions and SEC reporting throughout his professional career. Mr. Gandolfo serves as CFO of Eyenovia, Inc., a late-stage
ophthalmic biopharmaceutical company, from January 2018 to present. Prior to this, Mr. Gandolfo was CFO of Xtant Medical Holdings, Inc.,
a biologics company, from July 2010 through September 2017. Prior to this, he served as the CFO for Progenitor Cell Therapy LLC from January
2009 to June 2010 and, before that, as CFO of Power Medical Interventions, Inc. from January 2007 to January 2009. Mr. Gandolfo was the
CFO of Bioject Medical Technologies, Inc. prior to this. He was also the CFO of Capital Access Network, Inc., from 2000 through September
2001, and Xceed, Inc. from 1999 to 2000. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Gandolfo was CFO and COO of Impath, Inc. From 1987 through 1994, he was
CFO of Medical Resources, Inc. Mr. Gandolfo received his B.A. degree in Business Administration from Rutgers University. Mr. Gandolfo
is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Electrocore, Inc. and sits on their audit committee. Mr. Gandolfo provides the Board
with his extensive management and finance experience in publicly traded companies and as well as his knowledge of the capital markets.
In addition, Mr. Gandolfo has chaired several audit committees. 

Ricky W. Richardson
 has been a Director since May 2021. Mr. Richardson has over 30 years of experience as a global operations and quality leader.
He possesses strong operations and quality experience that includes change management, multi-plant operations, financial acumen, supply
chain/vendor management, strategic business development, start-up planning and execution, new product introductions and lean deployment.
From November 2020 to present, Mr. Richardson has served as the Vice President of Quality and Continuous Improvement for Advanced Drainage
Systems, which is an industry leader in the design and manufacturing of products supporting water management solutions. From September
2011 to October 2020, Mr. Richardson held positions at Danaher Corporation, a multi-billion-dollar global manufacturer of Diagnostic,
Life Sciences, Product Identification, Water Quality and Environmental/Applied Solutions products and services. His most recent positions
included Corporate Director of Danaher Business Systems DBS Integration Regulatory Affairs and Compliance and Corporate
Director, of DBS Operations and Lean. From February 2008 to July 2011, Mr. Richardson was Director of Operations, Continuous Improvement
for Stryker Orthopaedics, a multi-billion dollar global manufacturer of Orthopaedics. Prior to this, Mr. Richardson held various positions
at Bioject Medical Technologies, Inc., Baxter Healthcare and Texas Instruments. From 1984 to 1987 he was a Lieutenant, Field Artillery,
with the U.S. Army. He holds a B.S. degree in Engineering from the U.S. Military Academy, West Point, NY. Mr. Richardson has extensive
management experience in manufacturing, regulatory and quality assurance of FDA approved medical products. 

48 

Dr.
Jacob W. Vanlandingham has been a Director from June 2019 until September 2021 and joined Odyssey March 2021 as the Vice President
of Drug Development. Dr. Vanlandingham founded Prevacus, a development stage company focusing on new treatments for concussions, in 2013.
He has served as its President since that time. Dr. Vanlandingham spent three years working with neurologically impaired children with
brain injuries in and around the time of birth. His Ph.D. is in Neuroscience with a molecular biology focus on disease. His Post-doctoral
work was in translational research and neurobehavioral aspects of diseases at Emory University. At Emory, he also oversaw the clinical
biomarker study for the ProTECT clinical trial using progesterone for acute treatment of severe to moderate traumatic brain injury, as
the Assistant Director of the Brain Research Laboratory, the largest laboratory in the Emergency Medicine Department. Dr. Vanlandingham
has an excellent teaching record and has won multiple awards with both graduate and undergraduate students. He was a Year One Director
of the Florida State University Medical School for eight years before devoting all of his time to Prevacus starting in 2015. Dr. Vanlandingham
holds a Ph.D. in Neuroscience from Florida State University, and a B.S. in Physical Therapy from Florida A M University. He is a
member of the Society for Neuroscience, American Society for Nutritional Sciences, National Neurotrauma Society, Faculty for Undergraduate
Research in Neuroscience, and the International Association of Medical Science Educators. Dr. Vanlandingham provides the Board with experience
and knowledge in the neurology field and specific drug development expertise. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies
to our directors, officers and all employees. It may be obtained free of charge by writing to Odyssey Group International, Inc., Attn:
Chief Executive Officer, 2372 Morse Avenue, Irvine, CA 92614. 

Board of Directors 

Our board of directors currently consists of five
members. Our bylaws permit our board of directors to establish by resolution the authorized number of directors, and five directors are
currently authorized. 

Director Independence 

Under the rules of the national securities exchanges,
a majority of a listed company s board of directors must be comprised of independent directors, and each member of a listed company s
audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees must be independent as well. Under the same rules, a director
will only qualify as an independent director if that company s board of directors affirmatively determines that such
director has no material relationship with that company, either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with that company. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by applicable laws,
rules, and listing standards including, without limitation, the standards for independent directors established by the NASDAQ National
Market, and the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Our Board has determined Messrs. Casey, Conroy,
Gandolfo and Richardson are independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

In addition, we determined that the members of
our audit committee satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In
order to be considered to be independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, no member of the audit committee may, other than in his capacity
as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting,
advisory or other compensatory fee from the company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the company or any of
its subsidiaries. 

Our Board met eight times in fiscal 2021 and all
of our directors attended at least 75 of the meetings of our Board and of the meetings held by the committee(s) on which they served,
except for Mr. Richardson, who joined the Board on May 6, 2021. Currently, we do not have a policy requiring our Board members' attendance
at the annual stockholders meeting. 

49 

Committees of the Board 

Our Board currently has three standing committees:
an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Each committee is governed by a written
charter. The full text of each committee charter is available on our website located at www.odysseygi.com/investor-relations or in print
to any interested party who requests it. 

The Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee assists our Board in fulfilling
its oversight responsibility for the (i) financial reporting process, (ii) the system of internal control over financial reporting, (iii)
the audit process, and (iv) our process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations and the code of conduct. 

In fulfilling the duties outlined in its charter,
the Audit Committee, among other things, shall have the authority and responsibility to: 

select, evaluate and, where appropriate, replace our independent registered public accounting firm; 

review and confirm the independence of the external auditors by obtaining statements from the auditors on relationships between the auditors and the company, including non-audit services, and discussing the relationships with the auditors; 

review and discuss with management and our independent registered public accounting firm, prior to release to the general public and legal and regulatory agencies, our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements, including disclosures contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K under the section heading Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and matters required to be reviewed under applicable legal, regulatory or public company exchange listing requirements; 

consider the effectiveness of our internal control over annual and interim financial reporting, and understand the scope of internal and external auditors review of internal control over financial reporting, and obtain reports on significant findings and recommendations, together with management s responses; 

review the effectiveness of the internal audit function, including compliance with The Institute of Internal Auditors Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing; 

review management's report on internal control over financial reporting and discuss with management and the independent registered public accounting firm any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of our internal controls; 

retain outside counsel, accountants or others to advise the committee or assist in the conduct of an investigation; and 

seek any information it requires from employees or external parties and meet with company officers, external auditors or outside counsel, as necessary. 

A copy of the full text of the Audit Committee
Charter can be found on our website at www.odysseygi.com. 

The Audit Committee is comprised of three independent
directors: John P. Gandolfo (Chair) and our financial expert; and Jerome H. Casey and Jeffrey Conroy. The Audit Committee was formed in
October 2019 and met four times in fiscal 2021. 

50 

The Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee was established to
support the Board in fulfilling its fiduciary responsibilities relating to compensation of our executive officers, the adoption of policies
that govern our compensation and benefit programs, oversight of plans for executive officer development and succession and ensuring compliance
with regulatory bodies where applicable. The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the compensation of our employees, including
equity-based plans, and employee benefit plans and practices, including the compensation and benefits of our executive officers. The Compensation
Committee also administers our Amended and Restated 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 

In fulfilling the duties outlined in its charter,
the Compensation Committee, among other things, shall: 

assist the Board in establishing CEO annual goals and objectives and recommend the CEO s annual compensation including salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation, as applicable, to the other independent members of the Board for approval; 

review the structure and competitiveness of our CEO s compensation programs considering the following factors: (i) the attraction and retention of the CEO; (ii) the motivation of the CEO to achieve our business objectives; and (iii) the alignment of the interests of the CEO with the long-term interests of our stockholders; 

oversee the evaluation of the performance of our other executive officers and approve the annual compensation, including salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation, for executive management; 

review the structure and competitiveness of our executive compensation programs considering the following factors: (i) the attraction and retention; (ii) the motivation of executive management to achieve our business objectives; and (iii) the alignment of the interests of executive management with the long-term interests of our stockholders; and 

with respect to SEC reporting requirements, review and discuss with management our compensation discussion and analysis, and oversee the preparation of, and approve, the Compensation Committee's report on executive compensation to be included in our proxy statement. 

The Compensation Committee currently has three
independent members: Jeffrey Conroy (Chair), John P. Gandolfo and Ricky W. Richardson. The Compensation Committee was formed in October
2019 and met two times in fiscal 2021. 

Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee
has the authority, to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate, to retain compensation consultants, independent legal counsel or other
advisors and has the authority to approve the fees and other retention terms with respect to such advisors. From time to time the Compensation
Committee may engage compensation consultants to advise it on certain matters. 

A copy of the full text of the Compensation Committee
Charter can be found on our website at www.odysseygi.com. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

During fiscal 2021, the Compensation Committee was comprised of three independent directors:
Jeffrey Conroy (Chairman) and John P. Gandolfo, Ricky W. Richardson and Dr. Jacob W. Vanlandingham, a non-independent director. No officer
of the Company is on the board or compensation committee of any other company where a member of the Odyssey Compensation Committee is
an officer. 

51 

The Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee 

The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee was established to support the Board in fulfilling its fiduciary duties to appoint the best-qualified candidates
for the Board, and CEO positions. 

In fulfilling the duties outlined in its charter,
the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, among other things, shall: 

identify individuals qualified to become members of our Board and select director nominees to be presented for stockholder approval at our annual meeting of stockholders; 

review nominations against the selection criteria established by this Committee and develop a slate of nominees that represents those criteria for board selection; 

vet all candidates to ensure that they have the proper competencies, experience and willingness to fulfill their duties and responsibilities as board directors; and 

ensure that the board composition reflects the necessary criteria that meets best practices for independence and diversity. 

The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
will consider recommendations for directorships submitted by stockholders. Stockholders who wish the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee to consider their directorship recommendations should submit their recommendations in writing to Odyssey Group International,
Inc., 2372 Morse Avenue, Irvine, CA 92614, Attn: Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Recommendations by stockholders
that are made in accordance with these procedures will receive the same consideration given to nominations made by the Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee. 

Nominees may be suggested
by directors, members of management, stockholders or, in some cases, by a third-party firm. In identifying and considering candidates
for nomination to the Board, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers a candidate's quality of experience, the needs
and the range of talent and experience represented on our Board. In evaluating particular candidates, the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee will review the nominee's qualifications to ensure that they have the proper competencies, experience and willingness to fulfill
their duties and responsibilities as board directors. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will also ensure that the board
composition reflects the necessary criteria that meets best practices for independence and diversity. 

During fiscal
2021, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee was comprised of three independent directors: Jeffrey Conroy (Chairman) and John
P. Gandolfo, Ricky W. Richardson and Dr. Jacob W. Vanlandingham, a non-independent director. The Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee was formed in October 2019 and met two times in fiscal 2021. 

A full copy of the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee Charter can be found on our website at www.odysseygi.com. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Sections 78.7502 and 78.751 of the Nevada Revised
Statutes provides that directors and officers of Nevada corporations may, under certain circumstances, be indemnified against expenses
(including attorneys fees) and other liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by them as a result of any suit brought against
them in their capacity as a director or officer, if they acted in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably believed to be in or
not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if they had no reasonable
cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes also provides that directors and officers
of Nevada corporations also may be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by
them in connection with a derivative suit if they acted in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification may be made without court approval if such person was adjudged
liable to the corporation. 

Article VIII of our articles of incorporation
provides that we shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, indemnify our directors, officers and certain
other persons. Article V, Section 1 of our bylaws provides that our directors, officers and certain other persons shall be indemnified
and held harmless by us to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 

52 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Nevada
State Law 

We may be or in the future we may become subject
to Nevada's control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada's control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100
of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and if the corporation does business in Nevada or through an affiliated corporation. 

The law focuses on the acquisition of a controlling
interest, which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares is sufficient, but for the control share law to enable the acquiring
person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (1) one-fifth or more
but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (3) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting
power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. 

The effect of the control share law is that the
acquiring person, and those acting in association with that person, obtain only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred
by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law
contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to take away voting
rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights
to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is
free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not
become governed by the control share law. 

If control shares are accorded full voting rights
and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than
an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights, is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder's
shares. 

Nevada's control share law may have the effect
of discouraging corporate takeovers. 

In addition to the control share law, Nevada has
a business combination law, which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and interested stockholders 
for three years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder unless the corporation's
board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an interested stockholder is any person
who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of
the corporation, or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition
of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential
acquirer to use the corporation's assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests
of the corporation and its other stockholders. 

The effect of Nevada's business combination law
is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of the company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our
Board of Directors. 

Conflicts of Interest 

There are no conflicts of interest with any officers,
directors or executive staff. 

53 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

The following Summary Compensation Table provides
certain summary information concerning the compensation of our named executive officers: 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following Summary Compensation Table provides
certain summary information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and Controller for fiscal years 2021 and 2020. 

Name and Principal
 Po sition 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total

Joseph Michael Redmond 
 2021 
 324,740 
 
 593,000 (1) 
 
 917,740 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 2020 
 161,538 (2) 

161,538 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 
 2021 
 170,643 (3) 
 
 180,000 (4) 
 4,718 (5) 
 355,361 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 2020 
 15,000 
 
 448,000 (5) 
 
 463,000 
 
 Dr. Jacob Vanlandingham 
 2021 
 92,839 
 20,000 (6) 
 1,180,000 (7) 
 
 1,292,839 
 
 Vice President of Drug Development 
 2020 

__________________ 

(1) 
 In January 2021, we issued RSUs covering 3,000,000 shares
 of our common stock, with a value of 540,000, which vest equally over 36 months. The shares will be delivered in satisfaction of
 the vested portion of this award upon the earlier of Mr. Redmond s cessation of service or a corporate transaction. This amount
 reflects the grant date fair value of the stock award computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note 2 Summary of Significant
 Accounting Policies, of Notes to Financial Statements, for the assumptions used in the valuation. In July 2021, Mr. Redmond received 5.3 million shares of common stock
to replace the unissued shares per his November 28, 2018 amended employment agreement. The Company recognized 53,000 of compensation
expense related to the 5.3 million shares granted, with a fair value of 0.01 per share, for the year ended July 31, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 As of July 31, 2021, Mr. Redmond had accrued salary of 183,846.
 All accrued salary will be paid either in cash or stock, at a future date. 
 
 (3) 
 Prior to becoming our Chief Financial Officer on January 1, 2021,
 Ms. Farrell served as our Controller on a consultant basis and this amount includes 55,000 of consulting fees. 
 
 (4) 
 In January 2021, we issued RSUs covering 1,000,000 shares of our
 common stock, with a value of 180,000, which vest equally over 36 months. The shares will be delivered in satisfaction of the vested
 portion of this award upon the earlier of Ms. Farrell s cessation of service or a corporate transaction. This amount reflects
 the grant date fair value of the stock award computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies, of Notes to Financial Statements, for the assumptions used in the valuation. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes health insurance premiums paid. 
 
 (6) 
 Dr. Vanlandingham received a signing bonus upon becoming an employee
 on March 1, 2021 
 
 (7) 
 Dr. Vanlandingham received an option for 1,000,000 shares of common
 stock at an exercise price of 1.18 per share. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 7 Stock-Based Awards,
 of Notes to Financial Statements, for the assumptions used in the valuation. 

54 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding outstanding equity awards held by our NEOs as of July 31, 2021. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unearned Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unearned Exercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 1/1/2021 

2,416,667 (1) 
 435,000 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 
 1/1/2021 

805,555 (2) 
 145,000 
 
 Jacob Vanlandingham Ph.D. 3) 
 3/1/2021 
 250,000 
 750,000 
 1.18 
 3/1/2024 

______________________ 

(1) 
 Mr. Redmond was granted 3,000,000 RSUs which vests equally over 36 months. 
 
 (2) 
 Ms. Farrell was granted 1,000,000 RSUs which vests equally over 36 months. 
 
 (3) 
 As part of his employment agreement, Dr. Vanlandingham was granted
 1,000,000 options at an exercise price of 1.18 per share and vesting as follows: 250,000 shares vest on signing of closing
 documents, 250,000 shares vest on Phase 1A first dosing of human, 250,000 shares vest on Phase 1B first dosing of human; and 250,000
 shares vest upon our being accepted on NASDAQ. 

Options Exercises and Stock
Vested 

The following table provides
information about options exercised and stock awards vested for the NEOs during fiscal 2021. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 

Number of Shares
 Acquired on Exercise 
 Value
 Realized on Exercise 
 Number of Shares
 Acquired on Vesting 
 Value
 Realized on Vesting (1) 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 

583,333 
 105,000 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 

194,444 
 35,000 

(1) The value realized on vesting was determined based on the fair value of our common stock when the shares vested. 

55 

Contractual Arrangements 

Mr. Redmond 

On January 21, 2021, the Board and Mr. Redmond
entered into an employment agreement (the Agreement for a three-year term, subject to one-year renewals. Pursuant to the
Agreement, Mr. Redmond receives an initial base salary of 300,000 per year, subject to an increase to 360,000 once the Company has obtained
a total of 5,000,000 in funding. Mr. Redmond is eligible to participate in our performance-based cash incentive bonus program. Mr. Redmond
has accrued 183,846 in unpaid salary as of July 31, 2021, which will be paid at a future date in either cash or common stock. Mr. Redmond
 is eligible to receive a bonus for each calendar year during the term of the Agreement, of between
50 and 150 of Base Salary , commencing with the 2021 calendar year, based on the attainment of individual and corporate performance
goals and targets established by mutual agreement between the Board and Mr. Redmond prior to January 31 st of each calendar
year. In connection with this Agreement, Mr. Redmond was granted RSUs covering 3,000,000 shares of o ur common stock, vesting in
equal monthly installments over 36 months, with accelerated vesting upon a change in control. 

In addition, the Agreement provides for certain
payments and benefits in the event of a termination of Mr. Redmond s employment under specific circumstances. If, during the term
of the Agreement, his employment is terminated by us other than for cause, or he resigns for good reason ,
he would be entitled to continuation of his base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the termination date for the greater
of (x) the time remaining in the current term (i.e. the initial term or a subsequent term) or (y) 24 months following the termination
date (the Severance Period ). The Company will continue to pay for Mr. Redmond s health and dental coverage for the
shorter of (x) the severance period or (y) the maximum period permissible under COBRA. In addition, he would receive eighty percent (80 percent of the maximum amount of his annual bonus for the calendar year in which the termination occurs, paid generally at the same time
as other executives receive their bonuses. The Company will also assign any outstanding life insurance policies on Mr. Redmond s
life to Mr. Redmond, provided that he continue to pay applicable premiums to continue coverage. The unvested portion of any outstanding
options or restricted stock units will vest upon such termination of employment. 

Under the Agreement, Cause means
generally that Mr. Redmond (x) pleads guilty or is convicted of a felony, in connection with the performance of his obligations to the
Company, which materially and adversely affects his ability to perform such obligations, or (y) the commission and conviction by Mr. Redmond
of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company. 

Good Reason means generally the
material breach by the Company of the Agreement; a reduction in base salary or benefits; a diminution of title or responsibilities; a
change in the reporting line such that Mr. Redmond no longer reports directly to the Board; the assignment to Mr. Redmond of duties not
commensurate with his position as CEO; a failure by the Company to reappoint Mr. Redmond to a position held prior to a change in control;
elimination by the Company of equity-based compensation without providing equivalent substitutes thereunder; the substantial diminution
of Mr. Redmond s fringe benefits; the mandatory relocation of Mr. Redmond s principal residence in order to continue to serve
as CEO; or the failure by the Company to require a successor entity to assume the Agreement. 

Under the Agreement, Mr. Redmond is generally
subject to a non-compete and non-solicit during his employment and for the duration of the Severance Period. 

56 

Ms. Farrell 

On January 21, 2021, the Board and Ms. Farrell
entered into an employment agreement (the CFO Agreement for a three-year term, as Chief Financial Officer, subject to one-year
renewals. Ms. Farrell will initially receive a base salary of 120,000 per year, subject to an increase to 200,000 once the Company has
obtained a total of 5,000,000 in funding. Ms. Farrell is eligible to receive a bonus for each calendar year during the term of the Agreement
of up to 20 of base salary, commencing with the 2021 calendar year, based on the attainment of individual and corporate performance goals
and targets established by the Board. In connection with the CFO Agreement, Ms. Farrell was granted RSUs covering 1,000,000 shares of
our common stock, vesting in equal monthly installments over 36 months, with accelerated vesting upon a change
in control . 

In addition, the CFO Agreement provides for certain
payments and benefits in the event of a termination of Ms. Farrell s employment under specific circumstances. If, during the term
of the CFO Agreement, her employment is terminated by us other than for cause, or she resigns for good reason, 
she would be entitled to continuation of her base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the termination date for the greater
of (x) the time remaining in the current term (i.e. the initial term of a subsequent term) or (y) 6 months following the termination date
(the CFO Severance Period ). The Company will continue to pay for Ms. Farrell s health and dental coverage for the
shorter of (x) the severance period or (y) the maximum period permissible under COBRA. In addition, she would receive eighty percent (80 percent of the maximum amount of her annual bonus for the calendar year in which the termination occurs, paid generally at the same time
as other executives receive their bonuses. The Company will also assign any outstanding life insurance policies on Ms. Farrell s
life to Ms. Farrell, provided that she continue to pay applicable premiums to continue coverage. The unvested portion of any outstanding
options or restricted stock units will vest upon such termination of employment. 

Under the Agreement, Cause means
generally that Ms. Farrell (x) pleads guilty or is convicted of a felony, in connection with the performance of her obligations to the
Company, which materially and adversely affects her ability to perform such obligations, or (y) the commission and conviction by Ms. Farrell
of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company. 

Good Reason means generally the
material breach by the Company of the CFO Agreement; a 20 reduction in base salary; a failure by the Company to reappoint Ms. Farrell
to a position held prior to a change in control; elimination by the Company of equity-based compensation without providing equivalent
substitutes thereunder; the substantial diminution of Ms. Farrell s fringe benefits; the mandatory relocation of Ms. Farrell s
principal residence in order to continue to serve as CFO; or the failure by the Company to require a successor entity to assume the CFO
Agreement. 

Under the Agreement, Ms. Farrell is generally
subject to a non-compete and non-solicit during her employment and for the duration of the Severance Period. 

Dr. Vanlandingham Employment Agreement 

On March 1, 2021, as part of the Prevacus, Inc.
Asset Purchase Agreement, Dr. Jacob W. Vanlandingham was hired as Vice President of Drug Development. In connection with his hiring, Dr.
Vanlandingham received an annual base salary of 240,000 and he was granted 1,000,000 stock options with 250,000 shares vested upon signing
of closing documents on March 1, 2021, 250,000 shares vest on Phase 1A of first dosing of human with PRV-002 neurosteroid for concussions,
250,000 on Phase 1B first dosing of humans and 250,000 upon our being accepted on NASDAQ. 

In addition, the Agreement provides for certain
payments and benefits in the event of a termination of Dr. Vanlandingham s employment under specific circumstances. If, during the
term of the Agreement, her employment is terminated by us other than for cause, death or disability (each as defined in
his agreement), she would be entitled to continuation of her base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the termination date
for four months following the termination date. 

Good Reason means generally the
material breach by the Company of the Agreement; a 20 reduction in base salary; a failure by the Company to reappoint Dr. Vanlandingham
to a position held prior to a change in control; elimination by the Company of equity-based compensation without providing equivalent
substitutes thereunder; the substantial diminution of Dr. Vanlandingham s fringe benefits; the mandatory relocation of Dr. Vanlandingham s
principal residence in order to continue to serve as Vice President of Drug Development. 

Under the Agreement, Dr. Vanlandingham is generally
subject to a non-compete and non-solicit during his employment and for the duration of the Severance Period. 

57 

Director Compensation 

At this time, members of our Board do not receive
cash compensation for service on our Board, nor on any committee thereof. They receive restricted stock units upon becoming a director
and each year thereafter. In addition, they may be reimbursed for certain expenses in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board
and committees thereof. 

Initial Equity Grant 

 Upon joining our Board, we have historically granted
to each new director restricted stock units RSUs for 500,000 shares of our common stock. 200,000 shares vest upon becoming
a Board member, 200,000 shares vest on the first anniversary and 100,000 shares vest on the second anniversary, subject to acceleration
upon a corporate transaction, provided in each that the director is in the continuous service of the Company through the vesting event.
The exception to this was the grant of one million shares of our common stock outright to Dr. Vanlandingham, who was appointed for a two-year
period upon the signing of the Prevacus, Inc. Asset Purchase agreement on June 25, 2019. 

Board Service Equity Grant 

 At our annual meeting held on September 14, 2021,
the stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, which grants Board members who have been elected
to receive 500,000 RSUs immediately following the Annual Meeting (other than Mr. Richardson who received an initial equity grant upon
joining the Board in May 2021), that vest monthly over 12 months from the date of grant, subject to acceleration upon a corporate transaction
or the director s death, provided in each case that the director is in the continuous service of the Company through the vesting
event. Generally, shares are delivered in respect of vested director equity grants upon the earlier of a director s cessation of
service or a corporate transaction. 

Director Compensation Table 

 The following table shows information regarding
the compensation earned or paid during fiscal 2021 to non-employee directors who served on the board of directors during the year: 

Name 
 Stock Awards 
 ) (1)(2) 
 Total 
 ) 

Jerome H. Casey 

Jeffrey Conroy 

John P. Gandolfo 

Ricky W. Richardson 
 365,000 
 365,000 

_______________________ 

(1) 
 The vesting of Mr. Richardson s 500,000 share RSU
 grant is as follows: 200,000 shares vested May 6, 2021, 200,000 vest on May 6, 2022 and 100,000 shares vest on May 6, 2023, subject
 to Mr. Richardson s continuous service on our Board of Directors through the applicable vesting dates. If not forfeited,
 vesting of the RSUs will be accelerated and will vest in full immediately upon the closing of a Corporate Transaction, provided that
 Mr. Richardson provides Continuous Service through the date such Corporate Transaction is closed. Vested Units will be settled by
 delivering a number of shares equal to the number of vested RSUs on the earlier of the date on which Mr. Richardson s Continuous
 Service ends, or the closing of a Corporate Transaction. 
 
 (2) 
 The amounts in this column reflect the grant date fair value of directors'
 stock awards for fiscal year 2021 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
 of Notes to Financial Statements, for the assumptions used in the valuation. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
Matters 

Our articles of incorporation contain provisions
that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws authorize
our company to provide indemnification to our directors and officers and persons who are or were serving at our request as a director,
officer, manager or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws also authorize our company, by action of our board
of directors, to provide indemnification to employees and agents of our company and persons who are serving or did serve at our request
as an employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
with the same scope and effect as provided to our directors and officers as described above. 

58 

No pending litigation or proceeding involving
a director, officer, employee or other agent of our company currently exists as to which indemnification is being sought. We are not aware
of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director, officer, employee or other agent of our company. 

We anticipate obtaining director and officer liability
insurance with respect to possible director and officer liabilities arising out of certain matters, including matters arising under the
Securities Act. See Disclosure of SEC Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. The following tables set forth certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our common stock
at October 29, 2021, by: (i) each person known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock; (ii) each
of the directors and named executive officers; and (iii) all current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address
of each of the stockholders below is c/o Odyssey Group International, Inc., 2372 Morse Avenue, Irvine, CA 92614. Except as otherwise
indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with
respect to all shares of common stock held by them. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 
 Prevacus, Inc. (1) 
 
 1400 Village Square Blvd Suite 3 #414 Tallahassee, FL 32312 
 
 8,000,000 
 
 8.8 
 
 LBL Professional Consulting, Inc. (2) 
 
 26895 Aliso Creek Rd. B89 Aliso Viejo, CA92656 
 
 7,500,000 
 
 8.2 
 
 Market Group International (3) 
 
 1 Technology Ste 515 Irvine, CA 92618 
 
 6,700,000 
 
 7.4 
 
 Adwin LLC (4) 
 
 75-378 Nani Kailua Dr. Kailua Kona, HI 96740 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 5.5 
 
 Eco Scientific, Inc. (5) 
 
 16 Technology Ste 205 Irvine, CA 92618 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 5.5 
 
 Northern Gates 
 
 13295 S Sweet Caroline Dr, #B Riverstone, UT 84065 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 5.5 
 
 Regal Growth LLC (6) 
 
 2309 Valleyfield Ave. Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 5.5 
 
 Yellow Jade Investment, LLC 
 
 1500 Lynman Ave. Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 5.5 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond, President, CEO and Chairman (7) 

11,00,000 
 
 12.0 
 
 Jacob W. Vanlandingham, Director (1) 

9,500,000 
 
 10.4 
 
 Christine M. Farrell, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (8) 

633,333 

Jerome H. Casey, Director (9) 

625,000 

Jeffrey Conroy, Director (9) 

625,000 

John P. Gandolfo, Director 

625,000 

Ricky W. Richardson, Director 

200,000 

Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (7 persons) 

23,208,333 
 
 24.4 

_______________ 

 Beneficial ownership is determined in
accordance with the rules of the SEC that generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or
shared voting power and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Common stock subject to equity awards that are
currently exercisable or exercisable or vest within 60 days of the date of October 29, 2021 are deemed to be outstanding
and to be beneficially owned by the person or group holding such awards for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
such person or group but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or
group. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members
of such person s household. 

Percent of class is calculated
on the basis of 91,015,650 shares outstanding on October 29, 2021, plus the number of shares the person has the right to acquire within
60 days of October 29, 2021. 

Less than 5 . 

59 

(1) 
 Dr. Vanlandingham is the beneficial owner of Prevacus, Inc. which holds 8,000,000 shares of common stock. Includes 500,000 stock options vesting within 60 days. 
 
 (2) 
 Based on historic records, LBL Professional Consulting, Inc. is 100 beneficially owned and of record by Marla Nelson. Ms. Nelson has sole voting and investment power in the shares of Odyssey common stock. 
 
 (3) 
 Based on historic records, Market Group International is 100 beneficially owned and of record by Robert VanBoren. Mr. VanBoren has sole voting and investment power in the shares of Odyssey common stock. 
 
 (4) 
 Based on historic records, Adwin LLC is 100 beneficially owned and of record by Pablo Penaloza. Mr. Penaloza has sole voting and investment power in the shares of Odyssey common stock. 
 
 (5) 
 Based on historic records, Eco Scientific, Inc. is 100 beneficially owned and of record by Steve Miller, former CEO of the Company. Mr. Miller has sole voting and investment power in the shares of Odyssey common stock. 
 
 (6) 
 Based on historic records, Regal Growth LLC is 100 beneficially owned and of record by Grace Reininger. Ms. Reininger has sole voting and investment power in the shares of Odyssey common stock. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes 166,667 RSUs vesting within 60 days. Mr. Redmond received 5.3 million shares of common stock to replace
the unissued shares per his November 28, 2018 amended employment agreement. 
 
 (8) 
 Includes 55,556 RSUs vesting within 60 days. 
 
 (9) 
 Includes 83,333 RSUs vesting within 60 days. 

60 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 requires our officers, directors and 10 shareholders to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC.
Officers, directors and 10 shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) reports they file.
Based solely on our review of the copies of such reports we received and written representations from our officers, directors and 10 
shareholders, we believe that all required reports were timely filed in fiscal 2021, except for the following: 

Mr. Vanlandingham failed to timely file on Form
4 related to his employment in March 2021; and 
 
 Mr. Richardson failed to timely file on Form
3 related to becoming a board member in May 2021. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Due to Officers and Executives 

 The following amounts were due to our officers
for reimbursement of expenses and were included in Accounts payable on our Balance Sheets: 

July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Joseph M. Redmond, CEO 
 2,568 
 2,304 
 
 Christine Farrell, CFO 
 
 25,598 

2,568 
 27,902 

The amount of accrued salary due to Mr. Redmond for his
services from November 2017 to July 2021 was included in Accrued wages on our Balance Sheet and was as follows: 

Balance at July 31, 2019 
 181,538 
 
 Salary accrued 
 163,846 
 
 Payments made 
 (161,538 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2020 
 183,846 
 
 Salary accrued 

Payments made 

Balance at July 31, 2021 
 183,846 

Accrued payroll from July 18, 2021 to July 31, 2021 of 13,846 which
was paid on August 6, 2021, is not reflected above but is included as accrued wages on the Balance Sheet. 

Related Party Transaction 

In January 2021, we issued
RSUs covering 4,000,000 shares of our common stock, with a value of 720,000, to two officers which vest equally over 36 months. These
amounts are being expensed over the life of the awards and 140,000 was expensed to General and administrative expenses during the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2021. As of July 31, 2021, 580,000 remained to be expensed in future periods. 

Upon joining our Board, we
have granted to each new director RSUs for 500,000 shares of our common stock. 200,000 shares vest upon becoming a Board member, 200,000
shares vest on the first anniversary and 100,000 shares vest on the second anniversary, subject to acceleration upon a corporate transaction,
provided in each that the director is in the continuous service of the Company through the vesting event. The exception to this was the
grant of one million shares of our common stock outright to Dr. Vanlandingham, who was appointed for a two-year period upon the signing
of the Prevacus, Inc. Asset Purchase agreement on June 25, 2019. These amounts are being expensed over the life of the awards and 547,255
and 1,998,750, respectively, were expensed to General and administrative expense in fiscal 2021 and 2020. As of July 31, 2021, 263,164
remained to be expensed in future periods. 

61 

On November 7, 2017, Mr. Redmond
entered into an employment agreement with the Company. As part of the employment agreement, Mr. Redmond was granted 25 million shares
of common stock that vesting equally upon FDA submission of CardioMap, FDA approval for CardioMap and the raising of 2 million for further
CardioMap development. Mr. Redmond could not sell the shares for two years or until the Company reached 10 million in revenues. Mr. Redmond
was granted options for 15 million shares with a strike price of 0.25 per share that vest equally upon the Company s revenue reaching
 5 million, 10, million and 15 million. The vesting accelerated based upon a change of control. None of these conditions were met and
the options were canceled in September 2020. 

On February 16, 2018, the
employment agreement was amended granting Mr. Redmond 10 million shares of common stock. No other provision of the employment contract
was amended and the amendment was explicit on that provision. On November 28, 2018, the employment agreement was again amended to include
4.7 million of the 10 million shares to be provided by the Company and 5.3 million to be provided by Green Energy Alternatives, LLC, which
shares were returned to treasury in June 2021. No other provision of the employment contract was amended and the amendment was explicit
on that provision. 

On July 31, 2021, Mr. Redmond
received 5.3 million shares of common stock to replace the unissued shares per his November 28, 2018 amended employment agreement. The
Company recognized 53,000 of compensation expense related to the 5.3 million shares granted, with a fair value of 0.01 per
share, for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

On March 1, 2021, as part
of the Prevacus APA and Dr. Vanlandingham s employment agreement, Dr. Vanlandingham was granted 1,000,000 stock options with a fair
market value of 941,000. 250,000 shares vested on signing of closing documents; 250,000 shares vest
on Phase 1A first dosing of human, 250,000 shares vest on Phase 1B first dosing of human; and 250,000 shares vest upon us being accepted
on NASDAQ. This amount is being expensed over the life of the awards and 587,234 was expensed to General and administrative
expenses in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. 

In March and May 2021, the
Company entered in a letter agreement loan with Prevacus Inc. for 2,500 and 5,000, respectively. The loan has an annual interest rate
of 3 per annum and principal and interest are due June 2021. At July 31, 2021, the loans have not been repaid and continue to accrue
interest. 

Director Independence 

Under the rules of the national securities exchanges,
a majority of a listed company s board of directors must be comprised of independent directors, and each member of a listed company s
audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees must be independent as well. Under the same rules, a director
will only qualify as an independent director if that company s board of directors affirmatively determines that such
director has no material relationship with that company, either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with that company. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by applicable laws,
rules, and listing standards including, without limitation, the standards for independent directors established by the NASDAQ National
Market, and the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Our Board has determined Messrs. Casey, Conroy,
Gandolfo and Richardson are independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

In addition, we determined that the members of
our audit committee satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In
order to be considered to be independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, no member of the audit committee may, other than in his capacity
as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting,
advisory or other compensatory fee from the company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the company or any of
its subsidiaries. 

62 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following table summarizes the aggregate fees for professional
audit and other services rendered by Turner, Stone and Company: 

Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 99,554 
 65,914 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 11,050 

Taxation services 

Accounting and other services 

Total 
 110,604 
 65,914 

(1) 
 Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our financial statements and review of our quarterly financial statements. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Audit-related fees for professional services provided
 in connection with our S-1 and S-3 filings. 

The Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed
with management and TSC, our independent registered public accounting firm, the audited financial statements contained in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. The Board has also discussed with the auditors the matters required to be discussed
pursuant to SAS No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU Section 380), which includes, among other items, matters
related to the conduct of the audit of our financial statements. 

The Board has received and reviewed the written
disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board Standard No.
1 (Independence Discussions with Audit Committees) and has discussed with our auditors its independence from the Company. The Board has
considered whether the provision of services other than audit services is compatible with maintaining auditor independence. 

Based on the review and discussions referred to
above, the Board approved the inclusion of the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2021 for filing with the SEC. 

Pre-Approval Policies 

The Board's policy is to pre-approve all audit
services and all permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be provided by our independent registered public
accounting firm; provided, however, pre-approval requirements for non-audit services are not required if all such services (1) do not
aggregate to more than five percent of total revenues paid by us to our accountant in the fiscal year when services are provided; (2)
were not recognized as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; and (3) are promptly brought to the attention of the Board and
approved prior to the completion of the audit. 

63 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 

The following list is intended to constitute the
exhibit index. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 8, 2014). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 8, 2014). 
 
 5.1 
 
 Opinion of Brinen Associates, LLC. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Odyssey Group International, Inc. Subscription Agreement for Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 26, 2015). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Distribution Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2014, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Well-med Global LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 8, 2014). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Contribution Agreement by and among Odyssey Group International, Inc., and each of Market Group International, Inc., EcoScientific, Inc., Adwin, Inc., and Regal Growth, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 26, 2015). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Joseph Michael Redmond (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021). , 
 
 10.5 
 
 License
 Transfer Agreement, effective as of January 31, 2019, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Electromedica, LLC 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 23, 2020). 

10.6 
 
 Master Agreement for a Joint Venture and Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement, effective as of June 26, 2019, by and among Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Prevacus, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement, effective as of June 26, 2019, by and among Odyssey Group International, Inc., James De Luca and Murdock Capital Partners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 23, 2020)). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 11, 2020). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 11, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant for the Purchase of 550,000 Shares of Common Stock of Odyssey Group International, Inc. issued to A.G.P./Alliance Group Partners, effective August 6, 2020 
 
 10.11 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 14, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Labrys Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2020). 
 
 10.12 
 
 12 Self-Amortization Promissory Note issued to Labrys Fund, LP on August 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2020). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 14, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 14, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement, dated August 14, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2020). 

64 

10.16 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2020). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Prevacus Asset Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2021). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Warrant Agreement, dated December 11, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2021). 
 
 10.20 
 
 LGH Investments, LLC Settlement Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on June 21, 2021) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Tysadco Partners LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 September 1, 2021). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Tysadco Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on October 21, 2021). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Warrant, dated October 18, 2021 issued to Tysadco Partners LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Amended Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Tysadco Partners LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on October 26, 2021). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 22, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Warrant dated October 22, 2021 issued to Lincoln Park Capital, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 

14.1 
 
 Odyssey Group International, Inc. Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 23, 2019). 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Piercy Bowler Taylor Kern, CPAs to the Securities and Exchange Commission (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 06, 2020). 

16.1 
 
 Letter
 from BDO USA, LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2020). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Turner, Stone and Company, LLP 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Piercy Bowler Taylor Kern. Certified Public Accountants 
 
 23.3 
 
 Consent of Brinen Associates, LLC (included in Exhibit 5.1 herein). 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this prospectus). 

 31.1 
 
 Rule
 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

Previously furnished. 

Previously filed. 

Filed herewith. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None 

65 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, as of October 29, 2021. 

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

By: /s/ Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

In accordance with the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Christine M. Farrell 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jerome Casey 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 Jerome Casey 

/s/ Jeffrey Conroy 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 Jeffrey Conroy 

/s/ John P. Gandolfo 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 John P. Gandolfo 

/s/ Ricky W. Richardson 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 Ricky W. Richardson 

66 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 odyssey_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, J. Michael Redmond, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed
this Form 10-K of Odyssey Group International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ J. Michael Redmond 

J. Michael Redmond 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: October 29, 2021 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 odyssey_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Christine M. Farrell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form
10-K of Odyssey Group International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

/s/ Christine M. Farrell 

Christine M. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: October 29, 2021 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 odyssey_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

In connection with
the Annual Report of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on or about the date hereof (the Report ),
I, J. Michael Redmond, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of
this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff
upon request. 

/s/ J. Michael Redmond 

J. Michael Redmond 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: October 29, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 odyssey_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christine M.
Farrell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this
written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Christine M. Farrell 

Christine M. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: October 29, 2021 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 odyy-20210731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 odyy-20210731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 odyy-20210731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 odyy-20210731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 odyy-20210731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 odyy-20210731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

