<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211123_10-K_edgar_data_720005_0000720005-21-000106.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34814316</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>511848</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4388083</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15275403</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7099176</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6797561</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000720005-21-000106.hdr.sgml : 20211123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211123155646
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000720005-21-000106
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		169
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000720005
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		IRS NUMBER:				591517485
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09109
		FILM NUMBER:		211438426

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		880 CARILLON PKWY
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-567-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		880 CARILLON PKWY
		CITY:			ST. PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33716

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RJ FINANCIAL CORP/FL
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000720005-21-000106.txt : 20211123

10-K
 1
 rjf-20210930.htm
 10-K

rjf-20210930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2021 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of March 31, 2021, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold was . 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of November 18, 2021 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I. Item 1. Business 3 
 Item 1A. Risk factors 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved staff comments 34 
 Item 2. Properties 34 
 Item 3. Legal proceedings 34 
 Item 4. Mine safety disclosures 35 
 PART II. Item 5. Market for registrant s common equity, related shareholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 
 35 
 Item 6. Reserved 36 
 Item 7. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 37 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 76 
 Item 8. Financial statements and supplementary data 77 
 Item 9. Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 152 
 Item 9A. Controls and procedures 152 
 Item 9B. Other information 154 
 Item 9C. Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspection 154 
 PART III. Item 10. Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 154 
 Item 11. Executive compensation 154 
 Item 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related shareholder matters 154 
 Item 13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 154 
 Item 14. Principal accountant fees and services 154 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and financial statement schedules 154 
 Item 16. Form 10-K summary 156 
 Signatures 157 

2 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Raymond James Financial, Inc. RJF or the firm is a leading diversified financial services company providing private client group, capital markets, asset management, banking and other services to individuals, corporations and municipalities. The firm, together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in various financial services activities, including providing investment management services to retail and institutional clients, merger acquisition and advisory services, the underwriting, distribution, trading and brokerage of equity and debt securities, and the sale of mutual funds and other investment products. The firm also provides corporate and retail banking services, and trust services. The firm operates predominantly in the United States U.S. and, to a lesser extent, in Canada, the United Kingdom U.K. ), and other parts of Europe. As used herein, the terms our, we, or us refer to RJF and/or one or more of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Established in 1962 and public since 1983, RJF is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol RJF. As a bank holding company BHC and financial holding company FHC ), RJF is subject to supervision, examination and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System the Fed ). 
 
 Among the keys to our historical and continued success, our emphasis on putting the client first is at the core of our corporate values. We also believe in maintaining a conservative, long-term focus in our decision making. We believe that this disciplined decision-making approach translates to a strong, stable financial services firm for clients, associates, and shareholders. 

REPORTABLE SEGMENTS 
 
 We currently operate through the following five segments: Private Client Group PCG Capital Markets; Asset Management; Raymond James Bank; and Other. 
 
 The following graph depicts the relative net revenue contribution of each of our business segments for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 The preceding chart does not include intersegment eliminations or the Other segment. 

Private Client Group 
 
 We provide financial planning, investment advisory and securities transaction services to clients through financial advisors. Total client assets under administration AUA in our PCG segment as of September 30, 2021 were 1.12 trillion, of which 627.1 billion related to fee-based accounts fee-based AUA ). We had 8,482 financial advisors affiliated with us as of September 30, 2021. 

3 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Affiliation 
 
 We offer multiple affiliation options, which we refer to as AdvisorChoice. Financial advisors primarily affiliate with us directly as either employees or independent contractors, or as employees of the third-party firms to which we provide services through our RIA and Custody Services RCS division. 
 
 Employee financial advisors 
 
 Employee financial advisors work in a traditional branch supported by local management and administrative staff. They provide services predominantly to retail clients. Compensation for these financial advisors primarily includes a payout on revenues they generate and such advisors also participate in the firm s employee benefit plans. 
 
 Independent contractor financial advisors 
 
 Our financial advisors who are independent contractors are responsible for all of their direct costs and, accordingly, receive a higher payout percentage on the revenues they generate than employee financial advisors. Our independent contractor financial advisor option is designed to help our advisors build their businesses with as much or as little of our support as they determine they need. With specific approval, and on a limited basis, they are permitted to conduct certain other approved business activities, such as offering insurance products, independent registered investment advisory services, and accounting and tax services. 
 
 RIA and Custody Services 
 
 Through our domestic RCS division, we offer third-party RIAs and broker-dealers a range of products and services including custodial services, trade execution, research and other support and services (including access to clients account information and the services of the Asset Management segment) for which we receive fees, which may be either transactional or based on assets under administration. Firms affiliated with us through RCS retain the fees they charge to their clients and are responsible for all of their direct costs. Financial advisors associated with firms in RCS are not included in our financial advisor counts, although their client assets, which totaled 92.7 billion as of September 30, 2021, are included in our AUA. 
 
 Products and services 
 
 We offer a broad range of third-party and proprietary investment products and services to meet our clients various investment and financial needs. Revenues from this segment are typically driven by AUA and are generally either asset-based or transactional in nature. 
 
 PCG segment net revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 are presented in the following graph. 

Included in Brokerage revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 4 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We provide the following products and services through this segment: 
 
 Investment services for which we charge sales commissions or asset-based fees based on established schedules. 
 
 Portfolio management services for which we charge either a fee computed as a percentage of the assets in the client s account or a flat periodic fee. 
 
 Insurance and annuity products. 
 
 Mutual funds. 
 
 Support to third-party product partners, including sales and marketing support, distribution and accounting and administrative services. 
 
 Administrative services to banks to which we sweep a portion of our clients cash deposits as part of the Raymond James Bank Deposit Program RJBDP ), our multi-bank sweep program. Fees received from third-party banks for these services are variable in nature and fluctuate based on client cash balances in the program, as well as the level of short-term interest rates relative to interest paid to clients by the third-party banks on balances in the RJBDP. PCG also earns servicing fees from Raymond James Bank, which are based on the number of accounts that are swept to Raymond James Bank as part of the RJBDP. These fees are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Margin loans to clients that are collateralized by the securities purchased or by other securities owned by the client. Interest is charged to clients on the amount borrowed based on current interest rates. 
 
 Securities borrowing and lending activities with other broker-dealers, financial institutions and other counterparties. The net revenues of this business generally consist of the interest spreads generated on these activities. 
 
 Diversification strategies and alternative investment products to qualified clients of our affiliated financial advisors. 

Capital Markets 
 
 Our Capital Markets segment conducts investment banking, institutional sales, securities trading, the syndication and management of investments in low-income housing funds, the majority of which qualify for tax credits (referred to as our tax credit funds business), and equity research. 
 
 Capital Markets segment net revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 are presented in the following graph. 
 
 Included in Investment banking on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 

5 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 We provide the following products and services through this segment. 
 
 Investment banking 
 
 Merger acquisition and advisory - We provide a comprehensive range of strategic and financial advisory assignments, including with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures and restructurings, across a number of industries throughout the U.S., Canada and Europe. 
 
 Equity underwriting - We provide public and private equity financing services, including the underwriting of common and preferred stock and other equity securities, to corporate clients throughout the U.S., Canada and Europe across a number of industries. 
 
 Debt underwriting - Our services include public finance and debt underwriting activities where we serve as a placement agent or underwriter to various issuers, including private and public corporate entities, state and local government agencies (and their political subdivisions), and non-profit entities including healthcare and higher education institutions. 
 
 Brokerage 
 
 Fixed income - We earn revenues from institutional clients who purchase and sell both taxable and tax-exempt fixed income products, primarily municipal, corporate, government agency and mortgage-backed bonds, and whole loans. We carry inventories of debt securities to facilitate client transactions. 
 
 We also enter into interest rate derivatives to facilitate client transactions or to actively manage risk exposures that arise from our client activity, including a portion of our trading inventory. In addition, we conduct a matched book derivatives business where we may enter into interest rate derivative transactions with clients. In this matched book business, for every derivative transaction we enter into with a client, we enter into an offsetting derivative transaction with a credit support provider that is a third-party financial institution. 
 
 Equity - We earn brokerage revenues on the sale of equity products to institutional clients. Client activity is influenced by a combination of general market activity and our ability to identify attractive investment opportunities for our institutional clients. Revenues on equity transactions are generally based on trade size and the amount of business conducted annually with each institution. 
 
 Our global research department supports our institutional and retail sales efforts and publishes research on a wide variety of companies. This research primarily focuses on U.S. and Canadian companies across a multitude of industries. Research reports are made available to both institutional and retail clients. 
 
 Tax credit funds 
 
 We act as the general partner or managing member in partnerships and limited liability companies that invest in real estate entities, the majority of which qualify for tax credits under Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code and/or provide a mechanism for banks and other institutions to meet their Community Reinvestment Act CRA obligations throughout the U.S. We earn fees for the origination and sale of these investment products as well as for the oversight and management of the investments, including over the statutory tax credit compliance period when applicable. 

Asset Management 
 
 Our Asset Management segment earns asset management and related administrative fees for providing asset management, portfolio management and related administrative services to retail and institutional clients. This segment oversees a portion of our fee-based AUA for our PCG clients through our Asset Management Services division AMS and through Raymond James Trust, N.A. RJ Trust ). This segment also provides asset management services through Carillon Tower Advisers and affiliates (collectively, Carillon Tower Advisers for certain retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and proprietary mutual funds that we manage. 
 
 Management fees in this segment are generally calculated as a percentage of the value of our fee-billable financial assets under management AUM in both AMS, which includes the portion of fee-based AUA in PCG that is overseen by AMS, and Carillon Tower Advisers, where investment decisions are made by in-house or third-party portfolio managers or investment committees. The fee rates applied are dependent upon various factors, including the distinctive services provided and the level 
 
 6 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 of assets within each client relationship. The fee rates applied in Carillon Tower Advisers may also vary based on the account objective (i.e., equity, fixed income, or balanced). Our AUM are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets, including transfers between fee-based accounts and traditional transaction-based accounts within our PCG segment. Fees are generally collected quarterly and are based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter (particularly in AMS) or the end of the quarter, or based on average daily balances throughout the quarter. 
 
 Our Asset Management segment also earns administrative fees on certain fee-based assets within PCG that are not overseen by our Asset Management segment, but for which the segment provides administrative support (e.g., record-keeping). 
 
 Our AUM and our Carillon Tower Advisers AUM by objective as of September 30, 2021 are presented in the following graphs. 

Raymond James Bank 
 
 Raymond James Bank is a Florida state-chartered bank and Fed member bank that provides various types of loans, including corporate loans (commercial and industrial C I ), commercial real estate CRE and real estate investment trust REIT )), tax-exempt loans, residential loans, securities-based loans SBL and other loans. Raymond James Bank is active in corporate loan syndications and participations. Raymond James Bank also provides Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC )-insured deposit accounts, including to clients of our broker-dealer subsidiaries. Raymond James Bank generates net interest income principally through the interest income earned on loans and an investment portfolio of securities, which is offset by the interest expense it pays on client deposits and on its borrowings. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, corporate and tax-exempt loans represented approximately 38 of Raymond James Bank s total assets, and 87 of such loans were U.S. and Canadian syndicated loans. Residential mortgage loans are originated or purchased and held for investment or sold in the secondary market. Raymond James Bank s investment portfolio is primarily comprised of agency mortgage-backed securities MBS and agency collateralized mortgage obligations CMOs and is classified as available-for-sale. Raymond James Bank s liabilities primarily consist of cash deposits that are swept from the investment accounts of PCG clients through the RJBDP. 

7 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The following graph details the composition of Raymond James Bank s total assets as of September 30, 2021. 

Other 
 
 Our Other segment includes our private equity investments, interest income on certain corporate cash balances, certain acquisition-related expenses, and certain corporate overhead costs of RJF, including the interest costs on our public debt and any losses on extinguishment of such debt. The Other segment also includes the reduction in workforce expenses, primarily the result of the elimination of certain positions, that occurred in our fiscal fourth quarter of 2020 in response to the economic environment at that time. 
 
 Our private equity portfolio includes various direct investments, as well as investments in third-party private equity funds and various legacy private equity funds which we sponsor. 

HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 Our associates (which include our employee financial advisors and all of our other employees) and our independent contractor financial advisors (which we call our independent advisors are vital to our success in the financial services industry. As a human capital-intensive business, our ability to attract, develop and retain exceptional and diverse associates and independent advisors is critical, not only in the current competitive labor market, but also to our long-term success. It is important to us to maintain a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion. To compete effectively, we must offer attractive compensation and health and wellness programs, as well as provide formal and informal opportunities for associates and advisors to develop their capabilities and reach their full potential. We also endeavor to foster and maintain our unique and long-standing values-based culture. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 15,000 associates (including 3,461 employee financial advisors) and 5,021 independent advisors. Our associates are spread across four countries in North America and Europe. However, the vast majority of our associates are located in the U.S. Of our global associates, 42 self-identify as women, and among our U.S.-based employees 24 self-identify as ethnically diverse. 
 
 Culture 
 
 We strive to attract individuals who are people-focused and share our values. Our culture is people-focused and rooted in the values established at the firm s foundation. Our pledge to clients, to our advisors, and to all our other associates is that: 
 
 We put clients first, 
 We act with integrity, 
 We think long term, and 
 We value independence. 
 
 8 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Our values are memorialized in a presentation we refer to as our culture blueprint that is communicated to all associates. One way in which we measure the health of our culture is our overall engagement score, which is the percentage of employees that respond to an annual associate insight survey with a positive response to several satisfaction metrics, including that they are proud to work at Raymond James. In 2021, our overall employee engagement score amongst survey respondents was 88 favorable, with a strong survey response rate of 73 . 
 
 Diversity and inclusion 
 
 We are committed to maintaining a diverse workforce, and an inclusive work environment is a natural extension of our culture. We are committed to ensuring that all our associates feel welcomed, valued, respected and heard, so that they can fully contribute their unique talents for the benefit of their careers, our clients, our firm and our communities. Our diversity strategy is centered on three pillars: the workplace, the workforce, and the community. In our recruiting efforts, we seek to identify a diverse group of candidates for each role we seek to fill. To that end, we have built strong relationships with a variety of industry associations that represent diverse professionals, as well as with diversity groups at the colleges and universities where we recruit. We have firmwide and business unit-specific diversity and inclusion networks, which are open to all professionals at the firm and are designed to promote and advance inclusion, understanding and belonging. These networks also host various events and conferences to educate and provide avenues for all associates and independent advisors to gain understanding and capability to have an inclusive work environment, and offer mentorship opportunities to our associates. In 2021, we launched the Pride Financial Advisor Network, which provides support and resources for LGBTQ+ advisors through educational programs, interactive networking and business development opportunities. We also invest in community-supporting organizations that are dedicated to improving the lives of diverse individuals. Our firmwide diversity and inclusion advisory council stewards the firm s efforts and provides guidance on priorities. This council is composed of associate representatives from all areas of our business and across geographic locations. In all of our diversity efforts, we strive to create opportunities for allies of diverse communities to participate, contribute and grow. We believe that to truly achieve all of the benefits of having a diverse and inclusive workforce, all associates and advisors need to be engaged in these discussions. 
 
 Recruitment, talent development, and retention 
 
 We seek to build a workforce that provides outstanding client service and helps clients achieve their financial goals. We have competitive programs dedicated to selecting new talent and enhancing the skills of our associates. Among other opportunities, we offer selected college students summer internships, which may lead to permanent roles, and we offer pipeline programs which accelerate the progression from entry level positions for recent graduates across many areas of the firm. We are also committed to supporting associates in reaching their professional goals. We conduct a formal annual goal setting and performance review process for each employee. We also offer associates the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development programs. Our extensive program catalog includes courses designed to expand our associates industry, product, technical, professional, business development, and regulatory knowledge and provide development opportunities. The firm also provides leadership development programs that prepare our leaders for challenges they will face in new roles or with expanded responsibilities. To provide associates equal opportunity to compete for new positions, we require that all roles, with the exception of certain revenue-generating positions and certain senior-level roles, be posted on our internal online career platform. We conduct ongoing and robust succession planning for roles that are within two levels of our Executive Committee and we strive to ensure we have a diverse group of candidates for such roles. We discuss the results with executive leadership and the Board of Directors several times per year. 
 
 An important driver of our success is the continuous recruitment and retention of financial advisors. Our ability to attract high quality advisors is based on our values-based culture, our commitment to service, and the unique ways in which we provide services to our financial advisors. Individuals who want to become financial advisors can gain relevant branch experience through our Wealth Management Associate Program or move to our Advisor Mastery Program and begin building their client base. We have a department dedicated to providing practice education and management resources to our financial advisors. We also offer these advisors the opportunity to participate in conferences and workshops, and we offer resources and coaching at all levels to help them grow their businesses. These include separate national conferences for our employee and independent contractor financial advisor channels, each of which is attended by thousands of advisors each year. 
 
 We seek to retain our associates by using their feedback to create and continually enhance programs that support their needs. We use firmwide short and targeted surveys in which we routinely ask our associates about their experiences at the firm. We also monitor and evaluate various turnover and attrition metrics. Our overarching commitment to the attraction, development, and retention of our associates results in a relatively low annualized voluntary turnover rate. Importantly, our financial advisor regrettable attrition rate for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, was only approximately 1 . 

9 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Compensation 
 
 We have designed a compensation structure, including an array of benefit plans and programs, that is intended to be attractive to current and prospective associates, while also reinforcing our core values and mitigating excessive risk taking. Our competitive pay packages include base salary, incentive bonus, and equity compensation programs. Additionally, the firm makes annual contributions to support the retirement goals of each associate through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan and our Profit Sharing Plan, in addition to a matching contribution program for the 401(k) retirement savings plan. We also offer associates the opportunity to participate in an Employee Stock Purchase Plan that enables them to acquire our common stock at a discount, further increasing their ability to participate in the growth and success of the firm. As an additional retention tool, we may grant equity awards in connection with initial employment or under various retention programs for individuals who are responsible for contributing to our management, growth, and/or profitability. For certain employees who meet compensation, production, or other criteria, we also offer various non-qualified deferred compensation plans that provide a return to the participant, as well as a retention tool to the firm. 
 
 We strive to ensure that our programs are designed to promote equitable rewards for all associates. We have enhanced our compensation practices with the goal of achieving pay equity at all levels of the organization for female and ethnically diverse associates. Every year, we conduct pay equity studies in the U.S., U.K., and Canada and make adjustments in situations if there is a pay equity gap. 
 
 The physical, emotional, and financial wellbeing of our associates is a high priority of the firm. To that end, programs including healthcare insurance, health and flexible savings accounts, paid time off, family leave, flexible work schedules, tuition assistance, counseling services, as well as on-site services at our headquarters location of a health clinic and fitness center, are available to associates. We responded to the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic by putting the health and safety of our associates first in all of our decisions. Since March 2020, remote work has been the primary work environment for the vast majority of our associates and advisors. For the small population of those who have worked in the office during the pandemic, we have established protocols designed to mitigate the risk of community spread of the virus. We also implemented changes to some of our benefit plans to support those of our associates who were most severely affected by COVID-19. These changes included an expansion of our paid time off policy for those infected or giving care to someone infected by COVID-19, offering flexible work hours for caregivers of children or elders during times when schools were closed or only open for virtual schooling and child/adult care facilities were shut down, offering new programs to assist those in need of mental health services, and implementing extended roll-over opportunities for flexible spending accounts. 

OPERATIONS AND INFORMATION PROCESSING 
 
 We have operations personnel at various locations who are responsible for processing securities transactions, custody of client securities, support of client accounts, the receipt, identification and delivery of funds and securities, and compliance with regulatory and legal requirements for most of our securities brokerage operations. 
 
 The information technology department develops and supports the integrated solutions that provide a customized platform for our businesses. These include a platform for financial advisors designed to allow them to spend more time with their clients and enhance and grow their businesses; systems that support institutional and retail sales and trading activity from initiation to settlement and custody; and thorough security protocols to protect firm and client information. In the area of information security, we have developed and implemented a framework of principles, policies and technology to protect our own information and that of our clients. We apply numerous safeguards to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of both client and firm information. 
 
 Our business continuity program has been developed to provide reasonable assurance that we will continue to operate in the event of disruptions at our critical facilities or other business disruptions. We have developed operational plans for such disruptions, and we have devoted significant resources to maintaining those plans. Our business continuity plan continues to be enhanced and tested to allow for continuous operations in the event of weather-related or other interruptions at our corporate headquarters in Florida, one of our operations processing or data center sites (located in Florida, Colorado, Tennessee or Michigan), and our branch and office locations throughout the U.S., Canada and Europe. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we activated and successfully executed on our business continuity protocols and continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic under such protocols. We have endeavored to protect the health and well-being of our associates and our clients while ensuring the continuity of business operations for our clients. As a result, a substantial portion of our associates continue to work remotely. The firm continues to monitor conditions and has developed a phased approach to reopening our offices in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC guidelines. We have reopened our offices in a limited capacity and have been operating under strict public 
 
 10 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 health and safety protocols in such locations. We are planning for a full return to office in the second quarter of our fiscal 2022, which will include more work location flexibility for our associates; however, disruptions caused by variants may impact the timing of the implementation of these plans. 

COMPETITION 
 
 The financial services industry is intensely competitive. We compete with many other financial services firms, including a number of larger securities firms, most of which are affiliated with major financial services companies, insurance companies, banking institutions and other organizations. We also compete with companies that offer web-based financial services and discount brokerage services to individual clients, usually with lower levels of service, and, more recently, financial technology companies fintechs ). We compete principally on the basis of the quality of our associates, services, product selection, performance records, location and reputation in local markets. 
 
 Our ability to compete effectively is substantially dependent on our continuing ability to develop or attract, retain and motivate qualified financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue-producing or specialized personnel. 

REGULATION 
 
 The following summarizes the principal elements of the regulatory and supervisory framework applicable to us as a participant in the financial services industry. The framework includes extensive regulation under U.S. federal and state laws, as well as the applicable laws of the jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which we do business. While this framework is intended to protect our clients, the integrity of the financial markets, our depositors and the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund, it is not intended to protect our creditors or shareholders. These rules and regulations limit our ability to engage in certain activities, as well as our ability to fund RJF from our regulated subsidiaries, which include Raymond James Bank, our broker-dealer subsidiaries and our trust subsidiaries. To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions that are referenced. A change in applicable statutes or regulations or in regulatory or supervisory policy may have a material effect on our business. 
 
 We continue to experience a period of notable changes in financial regulation and supervision. We continue to monitor the likelihood of changes in taxation and regulations due to changes in the political environment. Changes in both corporate and individual taxation, as well as business regulations, could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in the future; however, we cannot predict the exact changes or quantify their potential impacts (see Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for further discussion of the potential future impact on our operations). 
 
 Banking supervision and regulation 
 
 RJF is a BHC under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ), that has made an election to be a FHC and is subject to regulation, oversight and consolidated supervision, including periodic examination, by the Fed. Under the system of functional regulation established under the BHC Act, the primary regulators of our U.S. non-bank subsidiaries directly regulate the activities of those subsidiaries, with the Fed exercising a supervisory role. Such functionally regulated subsidiaries include our broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), such as Raymond James Associates, Inc. RJ A and Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. RJFS ), and investment advisors registered with the SEC with respect to their investment advisory activities, among other subsidiaries. 
 
 Our depository institution, Raymond James Bank, is an FDIC-insured depository institution that converted on June 1, 2021 from a national bank supervised by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC to a Florida-chartered state member bank of the Fed, supervised jointly by the Florida Office of Financial Regulation OFR and the Fed. Raymond James Bank is also subject to supervision by the FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). We also have two non-depository trust company subsidiaries: RJ Trust, which is regulated, supervised, and examined by the OCC, and Raymond James Trust Company of New Hampshire RJTCNH which is regulated, supervised, and examined by the New Hampshire Banking Department NHBD ). RJTCNH was organized during fiscal 2021 and provides Individual Retirement Account IRA custodial services and trust services for our PCG clients. 
 
 Collectively, the rules and regulations of the Fed, the OFR, the FDIC, the CFPB, the OCC and the NHBD cover all aspects of our banking and trust businesses, including, for example, lending practices, the receipt of deposits, capital structure, transactions with affiliates, conduct and qualifications of personnel and, as discussed further in the following sections, capital requirements. This regulatory, supervisory and oversight framework is subject to significant changes that can affect the operating costs and permissible businesses of RJF and our subsidiaries. As a part of their supervisory functions, the Fed, the 
 
 11 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 OFR, the FDIC the CFPB, the OCC and the NHBD also have the power to bring enforcement actions for violations of law and, in the case of the Fed, the OFR, the FDIC, the OCC, and the NHBD for unsafe or unsound practices. 
 
 Basel III and U.S. capital rules 
 
 We are subject to the Fed s capital rules which establish an integrated regulatory capital framework and implement, in the U.S., the Basel III capital framework developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act and other capital provisions, and set the prompt corrective action framework to reflect the regulatory capital minimums (the U.S. Basel III Rules ). The U.S. Basel III Rules: (i) establish minimum requirements for both the quantity and quality of regulatory capital; (ii) set forth a capital conservation buffer; and (iii) define the calculation of risk-weighted assets. The capital requirements could restrict our ability to grow, including during favorable market conditions, and to return capital to shareholders, or require us to raise additional capital. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects could be adversely affected. See Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger discretionary, and in certain cases, mandatory actions by regulators that could have a direct material effect on the financial results of RJF and Raymond James Bank. In addition, failure to maintain the capital conservation buffer would result in constraints on distributions, including limitations on dividend payments and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments based on the amount of the shortfall and eligible retained income. Under the capital adequacy rules, RJF and Raymond James Bank must meet specific capital ratio requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under the rules. The capital amounts and classification for RJF and Raymond James Bank are also subject to the qualitative judgments of U.S. regulators based on components of capital, risk-weightings of assets, off-balance sheet transactions and other factors. 
 
 Under applicable capital rules, RJF would need to obtain prior approval from the Fed if its repurchases or redemptions of equity securities over a twelve-month period would reduce its net worth by ten percent or more and an exemption were not available. Guidance from the Fed also provides that RJF would need to inform the Fed in advance of repurchasing common stock in certain prescribed situations, such as if it were experiencing, or at risk of experiencing, financial weaknesses or considering expansion, either through acquisitions or other new activities, or if the repurchase would result in a net reduction in common equity over a quarter. Further, Fed guidance indicates that, pursuant to the Fed s general supervisory and enforcement authority, Fed supervisory staff should prevent a BHC from repurchasing its common stock if such action would be inconsistent with the BHC s prospective capital needs and safe and sound operation. 
 
 See Note 24 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 Source of strength 
 
 The Fed requires that BHCs, such as RJF, serve as a source of financial strength for any of its subsidiary depository institutions. The term source of financial strength is defined as the ability of a company to provide financial assistance to its insured depository institution subsidiaries in the event of financial distress at such subsidiaries. Under this requirement, RJF could be required to provide financial assistance to Raymond James Bank in the future should it experience financial distress. 
 
 Transactions between affiliates 
 
 Transactions between (i) Raymond James Bank, RJ Trust, or their subsidiaries on the one hand and (ii) RJF or its other subsidiaries or affiliates on the other hand are subject to compliance with Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W issued by the Fed, which generally limit the types and amounts of such transactions that may take place and generally require those transactions to be on market terms. These laws and regulations generally do not apply to transactions between Raymond James Bank or RJ Trust and their respective subsidiaries. 
 
 The Volcker Rule, a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act, generally prohibits certain transactions and imposes a market terms requirement on certain other transactions between (i) RJF or its affiliates on the one hand and (ii) covered funds for which RJF or its affiliates serve as the investment manager, investment advisor, commodity trading advisor or sponsor, or other covered funds organized and offered by RJF or its affiliates on the other hand. See The Volcker Rule in the following section. 
 
 Deposit insurance 
 
 Raymond James Bank is subject to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act because it provides deposits covered by FDIC insurance, generally up to 250,000 per account ownership type. For banks with greater than 10 billion in assets, which includes 
 
 12 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Raymond James Bank, the FDIC s current assessment rate calculation relies on a scorecard designed to measure financial performance and ability to withstand stress, in addition to measuring the FDIC s exposure should the bank fail. 
 
 Prompt corrective action 
 
 The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA requires the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet specified capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital categories for FDIC-insured banks, such as Raymond James Bank: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
 
 An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than the category indicated by its capital ratios if the institution is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions, as the capital category of an institution declines. Failure to meet the capital requirements could also require a depository institution to raise capital. Ultimately, critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. 
 
 Although the prompt corrective action regulations do not apply to BHCs, such as RJF, the Fed is authorized to take appropriate action at the BHC level, based upon the undercapitalized status of the BHC s depository institution subsidiaries. In certain instances related to an undercapitalized depository institution subsidiary, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary s capital restoration plan and might be liable for civil money damages for failure to fulfill its commitments on that guarantee. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the BHC, this guarantee would take priority over the BHC s general unsecured creditors. As of September 30, 2021, Raymond James Bank was categorized as well-capitalized. 
 
 The Volcker Rule 
 
 RJF is subject to the Volcker Rule, which generally prohibits BHCs and their subsidiaries and affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading or acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in, sponsoring, or having certain relationships with hedge funds and private equity funds, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 We have proprietary private equity investments that meet the definition of covered funds under the Volcker Rule. The conformance period for compliance with the rule with respect to investments in covered funds was July 2017; however, banking entities were able to apply for an extension to provide up to an additional five years to conform investments in certain illiquid funds. The majority of our covered fund investments meet the criteria to be considered an illiquid fund under the Volcker Rule and we received approval from the Fed to continue to hold such investments until July 2022. We have executed the appropriate strategies to comply with the Volcker Rule for many of our covered fund investments and plan to either divest or restructure the remainder of our covered fund investments on or prior to the July 2022 deadline such that any holdings will be in compliance with the Volcker Rule after the extension expires in July 2022. 
 
 Compensation practices 
 
 Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Fed. Compensation regulation in the financial industry continues to evolve, and we expect these regulations to change over a number of years. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have provided guidance designed to ensure incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk-taking and are consistent with safety and soundness. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the U.S. financial regulators to adopt rules on incentive-based payment arrangements. The U.S. financial regulators proposed revised rules in 2016, which have not yet been finalized. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act CRA regulations 
 
 Raymond James Bank is subject to the CRA, which is intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound bank operations. Under the CRA, the Fed, the FDIC and/or the OCC are required to periodically examine and assign to each bank a public CRA rating. If any insured depository institution subsidiary of a FHC fails to maintain at least a satisfactory rating under the CRA, the FHC would be subject to restrictions on certain new activities and acquisitions. 
 
 On July 20, 2021, the Fed, the FDIC and the OCC issued a joint statement in which they committed to working together to jointly modernize the CRA regulations. Until such new regulations are implemented, Raymond James Bank will continue to 
 
 13 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 operate under the Fed s CRA regulations currently in effect. At this time, it is uncertain what impact, if any, the impending CRA regulations will have on Raymond James Bank and other depositories with respect to their CRA activities. 
 
 Other restrictions 
 
 FHCs, such as RJF, generally can engage in a broader range of financial and related activities than are otherwise permissible for BHCs as long as they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for FHCs. Among other things, the broader range of permissible activities for FHCs includes underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities and making investments in non-FHCs or merchant banking activities. We are required to obtain Fed approval before engaging in certain banking and other financial activities both within and outside the U.S. 
 
 The Fed, however, has the authority to limit an FHC s ability to conduct activities that would otherwise be permissible, and will likely do so if the FHC does not satisfactorily meet certain requirements of the Fed. For example, if an FHC or any of its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries ceases to maintain its status as well-capitalized or well-managed, the Fed may impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements, as well as additional limitations or conditions. If the deficiencies persist, the FHC may be required to divest its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries or to cease engaging in activities other than the business of banking and certain closely related activities. 
 
 Broker-dealer and securities regulation 
 
 The SEC is the federal agency charged with administration of the federal securities laws in the U.S. Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to SEC regulations relating to their business operations, including sales and trading practices, public offerings, publication of research reports, use and safekeeping of client funds and securities, capital structure, record-keeping, privacy requirements, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. Financial services firms are also subject to regulation by state securities commissions in those states in which they conduct business. Our primary U.S. broker-dealers, RJ A and RJFS, are currently registered as broker-dealers in all 50 states. 
 
 Financial services firms are also subject to regulation by various foreign governments, securities exchanges, central banks and regulatory bodies, particularly in those countries where they have established offices. Outside of the U.S., we have additional offices primarily in Canada and Europe and are subject to regulations in those areas. Much of the regulation of broker-dealers in the U.S. and Canada, however, has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations SROs ), such as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada IIROC ), and securities exchanges. These SROs adopt and amend rules for regulating the industry, subject to the approval of government agencies. These SROs also conduct periodic examinations of member broker-dealers. 
 
 The SEC, SROs and state securities regulators may conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fine, suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer, its officers, employees or other associated persons. Such administrative proceedings, whether or not resulting in adverse findings, can require substantial expenditures and may adversely impact the reputation of a broker-dealer. 
 
 Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act SIPA and are required by federal law to be members of the Securities Investors Protection Corporation SIPC ). The SIPC was established under SIPA, and oversees the liquidation of broker-dealers during liquidation or financial distress. The SIPC fund provides protection for cash and securities held in client accounts up to 500,000 per client, with a limitation of 250,000 on claims for cash balances. 
 
 U.S. broker-dealer capital 
 
 Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to certain of the SEC s financial stability rules, including the: (i) net capital rule; (ii) customer protection rule; (iii) record-keeping rules; and (iv) notification rules. Broker-dealers are required to maintain the minimum net capital deemed necessary to meet their continuing commitments to customers and others, and are required to keep their assets in relatively liquid form. These rules also limit the ability of broker-dealers to transfer capital to parent companies and other affiliates. See Note 24 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information pertaining to our broker-dealer regulatory minimum net capital requirements. 
 
 Standard of care 
 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC was charged with considering whether broker-dealers should be subject to a standard of care similar to the fiduciary standard applicable to registered investment advisors. In June 2019, the SEC adopted a package of rule-makings and interpretations related to the provision of advice by broker-dealers and investment advisers, including 
 
 14 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS. Among other things, Regulation Best Interest requires a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail client when making a recommendation to that client of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. Form CRS requires that broker-dealers and investment advisers provide retail investors with a brief summary document containing simple, easy-to-understand information about the nature of the relationship between the parties. Our implementation of these regulations resulted in our review and modification of certain of our policies and procedures and associated supervisory and compliance controls, as well as the implementation of additional client disclosures, which included us providing related education and training to financial advisors. 
 
 Various states have also proposed, or adopted, laws and regulations seeking to impose new standards of conduct on broker-dealers that may differ from the SEC s new regulations, which may lead to additional implementation costs. The Department of Labor DOL has also reinstated the historical five-part test for determining who is an investment advice fiduciary when dealing with certain retirement plans and accounts and proposed a new exemption to allow investment advice fiduciaries to receive transaction-based compensation and engage in certain principal trades. In addition, the DOL is expected to amend the rule that determines whether an investment professional is a fiduciary to their clients retirement accounts under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and Internal Revenue Code. Imposing such a new standard of care on additional client relationships could result in incremental costs for our business and we are evaluating how these regulatory changes may further impact our business. 
 
 Other non-U.S. regulation 
 
 Raymond James Ltd. RJ Ltd. is currently registered as an investment dealer in all provinces and territories in Canada. The financial services industry in Canada is subject to comprehensive regulation under both federal and provincial laws. Securities commissions have been established in all provinces and territorial jurisdictions, which are charged with the administration of securities laws. Investment dealers in Canada are subject to regulation by IIROC, a SRO under the oversight of the securities commissions that make up the Canadian Securities Administrators. IIROC is responsible for the enforcement of, and conformity with, securities legislation for their members and has been granted the powers to prescribe their own rules of conduct and financial requirements of members, including RJ Ltd. IIROC also requires that RJ Ltd. be a member of the Canadian Investors Protection Fund, whose primary role is investor protection. This fund provides protection for securities and cash held in client accounts up to 1 million Canadian dollars CAD per client, with additional coverage of CAD 1 million for certain types of accounts. 
 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are registered in, and operate from, the U.K. which has a highly developed and comprehensive regulatory regime. Certain of these subsidiaries operate in the retail sector, providing investment and financial planning services to high-net-worth individuals, while others provide brokerage and investment banking services to institutional clients. These subsidiaries are authorized and regulated by the U.K. conduct regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), and have limited permissions to carry out business in certain other E.U. countries as part of treaty arrangements. We do not expect the U.K. s withdrawal from the E.U. Brexit to materially impact our business. 
 
 Investment management regulation 
 
 Our investment advisory operations, including the mutual funds that we sponsor, are also subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. The majority of our asset managers are registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 as amended, and are also required to make notice filings in certain states. Virtually all aspects of our asset management business are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are primarily intended for the benefit of our clients. 
 
 Anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, and anti-bribery and corruption regulation 
 
 The U.S. Bank Secrecy Act BSA ), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 PATRIOT Act ), the Customer Due Diligence Rule, and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 AMLA ), contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and mandates the implementation of various regulations applicable to all financial institutions, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities. Through these and other provisions, the BSA, the PATRIOT Act, and AMLA seek to promote the identification of parties that may be involved in terrorism, money laundering or other suspicious activities. Anti-money laundering laws outside the U.S. contain some similar provisions. 
 
 The U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers economic and trade sanctions programs and enforces sanctions regulations with which all U.S. persons must comply. The European Union E.U. as well as various countries have 
 
 15 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 also adopted economic sanctions programs targeted at countries, entities and individuals that are involved in terrorism, hostilities, embezzlement or human rights violations. 
 
 In addition, various countries have adopted laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, related to corrupt and illegal payments to, and hiring practices with regard to, government officials and others. The scope of the types of payments or other benefits covered by these laws is very broad and is subject to significant uncertainties that may be clarified only in the context of further regulatory guidance or enforcement proceedings. 
 
 RJF and its affiliates have implemented and maintain internal policies, procedures, and controls to meet the compliance obligations imposed by such U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations concerning anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, and anti-bribery and corruption. Failure to continue to meet the requirements of these regulations could result in supervisory action, including fines. 
 
 Privacy and data protection 
 
 U.S. federal law establishes minimum federal standards for financial privacy by, among other provisions, requiring financial institutions to adopt and disclose privacy policies with respect to consumer information and setting forth certain limitations on disclosure to third parties of consumer information. U.S. state laws and regulations adopted under U.S. federal law impose obligations on RJF and its subsidiaries for protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of client information, and require notice of data breaches to certain U.S. regulators and to clients. The SEC s Regulation S-ID mandates the development and implementation of a written Identity Theft Prevention Program that is designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft. The California Consumer Privacy Act, which became effective on January 1, 2020, imposes privacy compliance obligations with regard to the personal information of California residents, including requiring companies to provide certain specific disclosures to California consumers, and provides for a number of specific rights for California residents. 
 
 Similarly, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR imposes additional requirements for companies that collect or store personal data of E.U. residents, including residents of the U.K. since GDPR was adopted into U.K. law following the U.K. s departure from the E.U. GDPR s legal requirements extend to all foreign companies that solicit and process personal data of E.U. and U.K. residents, imposing a strict data protection compliance regime that includes new consumer rights actions that must be responded to by organizations. Canadian data privacy laws contain many provisions similar to U.S. financial privacy laws and are currently undergoing legislative reform at a federal and provincial level. We have implemented policies, processes, and training with regard to communicating to our clients and business partners required information relating to financial privacy and data security. We continue to monitor regulatory developments on both a domestic and international level to assess requirements and potential impacts on our global business operations. 
 
 The multitude of data privacy laws and regulations adds complexity and cost to managing compliance and data management capabilities and can result in potential litigation, regulatory fines and reputational harm. Data privacy requirements compel companies to track personal information use and provide greater transparency on data practices to consumers. In addition, technology advances in the areas of artificial intelligence, mobile applications, and remote connectivity solutions have increased the collection and processing of personal information as well as the risks associated with unauthorized disclosure and access to personal information. 
 
 Legislative and regulatory changes in connection with COVID-19 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in governments around the world implementing numerous measures to help control the spread of the virus, including, among others, quarantines, travel restrictions and business curtailments. In addition, governments globally intervened with fiscal policy to mitigate the impact of the pandemic, including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act in the U.S., which aimed to provide economic relief to businesses and individuals. In addition to the CARES Act enacted in March 2020, the U.S. government enacted the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 in December 2020. The December 2020 stimulus bill provides additional emergency COVID-19 relief, as well as extends certain provisions of the CARES Act. In March 2021, the U.S. government enacted the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, which provides further economic relief resulting from to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Under the CARES Act, financial institutions were permitted to temporarily suspend any determination of a loan modification as a result of the effects of COVID-19 as being a troubled debt restructuring TDR ), including impairment for accounting purposes. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 extends such relief until the earlier of: (1) 60 days after the date on which the national emergency concerning COVID-19 terminates; or (2) January 1, 2022. We elected to apply the extension for relief under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 to certain loan modifications that primarily relate to short-term payment 
 
 16 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 deferral and have not classified such modifications as TDRs. See Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk management - Credit risk for further information. 
 
 The CARES Act further provides a number of consumer finance protections. The act provides a range of forbearance rights with respect to any federally backed residential or multi-family mortgage loan and generally limits the ability of a lender or servicer to institute foreclosure or similar proceedings. These provisions are consistent with supervisory guidance previously issued by federal banking agencies, which also stated that they would not criticize financial institutions for working with customers affected by the outbreak in a safe and sound manner. We have modified our processes to ensure full compliance and have continued, as appropriate, to support affected businesses and individuals during this time. Many state and local authorities have also taken, or are considering taking, legislative, executive, or other action to respond to the economic disruptions caused by the spread of COVID-19, including with respect to foreclosure and repossession moratoriums. 
 
 On November 4, 2021, the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA issued an Emergency Temporary Standard ETS mandating that all employers with more than 100 employees ensure their workers are either fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or produce, on a weekly basis, a negative COVID test, and imposing substantial penalties for noncompliance. The ETS provides for compliance dates of December 5, 2021 and January 4, 2022. On November 12, 2021, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals extended its stay of the rule s enforcement pending further judicial review and ordered that OSHA take no steps to implement or enforce the mandate until further court order. OSHA has announced that it suspended activities related to the implementation and enforcement of the ETS pending future developments in the litigation. We will continue to monitor federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments and endeavor to comply with all applicable final rules. 
 
 The Company s legislative and regulatory environment may continue to change in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, as new or modified laws, regulations and guidance may continue to be promulgated at very short notice. 
 
 Alternative reference rate transition 
 
 Central banks and regulators have convened working groups to transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to replacement interest rate benchmarks. On March 5, 2021, the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, announced it will cease publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors after June 30, 2023, though the less commonly used tenors will cease publication after December 31, 2021. U.S. federal banking agencies have issued guidance strongly encouraging institutions to cease entering into contracts that reference LIBOR as soon as practicable, and no later than December 31, 2021. Central banks and regulators in the U.S. and other jurisdictions are working to implement the transition to suitable replacements for LIBOR. To facilitate an orderly transition away from LIBOR, we established an enterprise-wide team to assess and implement necessary changes to our contracts pursuant to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee s recommendations. This team has identified the inventory of existing contracts that will be impacted by the discontinuance of LIBOR and is working to transition those contracts accordingly. Our enterprise-wide team has also directed updates to systems, processes, documentation, and models, with additional updates expected through 2023, as we continue our transition. In conjunction with our corporate communications department, we created a plan to advise our financial advisors and clients of the change for certain impacted products. We have selected replacement rates for our LIBOR-based products based on peer benchmarking and industry research and have created a product strategy for offering non-LIBOR based products in advance of the December 31, 2021 deadline. Under that strategy, we began offering Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR )-linked derivatives and plan to offer SOFR-based SBL beginning December 2021. We have identified a plan to respond to the impacts of the alternative reference rate transition, and have taken action, or plan to take action, timely. 

17 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Executive officers of the registrant (which includes officers of certain significant subsidiaries) are as follows: 
 
 Paul D. Allison 65 Chairman, President and CEO - Raymond James Ltd. since January 2009 James E. Bunn 48 President - Global Equities and Investment Banking - Raymond James Associates, Inc. since December 2018 and Head of Investment Banking - Raymond James Associates, Inc. since January 2014; Co-President - Global Equities and Investment Banking - Raymond James Associates, Inc., October 2017 - December 2018 John C. Carson, Jr. 65 President since April 2012; President - Morgan Keegan Company, LLC, formerly known as Morgan Keegan Company, Inc., since July 2013 George Catanese 62 Chief Risk Officer since February 2006 Scott A. Curtis 59 President - Private Client Group since June 2018; President - Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. since January 2012 Jeffrey A. Dowdle 57 Chief Operating Officer and Head of Asset Management Group since October 2019; Chief Administrative Officer, August 2018 - October 2019; President - Asset Management Group, May 2016 - October 2019; Executive Vice President - Asset Management Group, February 2014 - May 2016 Tashtego S. Elwyn 50 Chief Executive Officer and President - Raymond James Associates, Inc. since June 2018; President - Private Client Group - Raymond James Associates, Inc., January 2012 - June 2018 Thomas A. James 79 Chairman Emeritus since February 2017; Executive Chairman, May 2010 - February 2017 Bella Loykhter Allaire 68 Executive Vice President - Technology and Operations - Raymond James Associates, Inc. since June 2011 Jodi L. Perry 50 President - Independent Contractor Division - Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. since June 2018; Senior Vice President, National Director - ICD - Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., May 2018 - June 2018; Senior Vice President, ICD Regional Director - Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., June 2012 - May 2018 Steven M. Raney 56 Chairman - Raymond James Bank, since November 2020; President and CEO - Raymond James Bank since January 2006 Paul C. Reilly 67 Chairman since February 2017 and Chief Executive Officer since May 2010; Director since January 2006 Jonathan N. Santelli 50 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since May 2016; Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel - First Republic Bank, October 2013 to April 2016 Paul M. Shoukry 38 Chief Financial Officer since January 2020 and Treasurer since February 2018; Senior Vice President - Finance and Investor Relations, January 2017 - December 2019; Senior Vice President - Treasury, January 2017 - February 2018; Vice President - Finance and Investor Relations, July 2012 - December 2016 

Except where otherwise indicated, the executive officer has held his or her current position for more than five years. 

18 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 Our Internet address is www.raymondjames.com. We make available on our website, free of charge and in printer-friendly format including .pdf file extensions, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our reports and other information that we electronically file with the SEC are also available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 

FACTORS AFFECTING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated savings, financial results (including expenses, earnings, liquidity, cash flow and capital expenditures), anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions and our level of success in integrating acquired businesses, industry or market conditions, demand for and pricing of our products, anticipated results of litigation, regulatory developments, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, effects of accounting pronouncements, and general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, projects, and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should, and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Although we make such statements based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider the risks described in Item 1A - Risk Factors of this report. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statement in the event it later turns out to be inaccurate, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

19 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the following sections, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common stock. The list of risk factors provided in the following sections is not exhaustive; there may be other factors that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects. The following sections should be read in conjunction with Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In particular, see Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and capital resources for additional information on liquidity and how we manage our liquidity risk and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk management for additional information on our exposure and how we monitor and manage our market, credit, operational, compliance and certain other risks. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

The worldwide COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The worldwide COVID-19 pandemic and related measures intended to control the spread of the virus have had a significant impact on global economic conditions and may negatively impact certain aspects of our business and results of operations in the future. Although certain economic conditions improved throughout fiscal 2021, the pandemic continues to evolve, as recently experienced with the rapid spread of the Delta variant, and certain of the impacts of the pandemic may continue to affect our results in the future, including: near-zero short-term interest rates resulting in lower net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party program banks; volatility in our brokerage revenues and investment banking revenues due to market uncertainty caused by the pandemic; and increased credit risk, particularly with regard to industries most vulnerable to the pandemic (e.g., airline, restaurant, gaming, entertainment/leisure and energy), which may result in an elevated bank loan loss provision and charge-offs. In addition, should market conditions deteriorate, or if there is a decline in equity markets similar to that experienced during our fiscal 2020 second quarter, the value of our clients assets and certain of our investments would also be negatively affected. 
 
 We may also continue to experience business disruptions as a result of the continued spread of COVID-19 and its variants, resulting from restrictions on our employees ability to travel, as well as temporary partial or full closures of our facilities and the facilities of our clients, suppliers, or other vendors. We often recruit skilled professionals by visiting their offices or having them visit our offices. Although we have reinstated the majority of our in-person recruiting, renewed travel restrictions or other disruptions that prevent us from meeting with professional prospects may adversely impact our ability to recruit such professional prospects. Further, the increased availability of remote working arrangements in response to the pandemic has intensified and may continue to intensify competition for prospective new associates and impair our ability to retain current associates. Recently promulgated OSHA rules related to required vaccines or alternative testing protocols for unvaccinated associates may also have negative effects on our current associates, including additional administrative burdens and concerns related to perceived health and safety risks, and may result in an increase in employee complaints as well as difficulty attracting and retaining associates. While we maintain contingency plans for events such as pandemic outbreaks, the further spread of COVID-19, or a similar contagious disease could also impair the effectiveness of our executive officers or other associates who are necessary to conduct our business. In addition, the continued spread of COVID-19 could harm the operations of third-party service providers who perform critical services for our business. In some cases, the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the transition from traditional to digital financial services and heightened customer expectations in this area, and this transition may require us to invest greater resources in technological improvements. 
 
 If COVID-19 or another highly infectious or contagious disease, continues to spread or the response to contain it is unsuccessful, we may experience adverse effects on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. A prolonged period of economic deterioration could ultimately result in impairment of our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. In addition, if financial markets deteriorate as a result of the current or a future pandemic, our access to capital and other sources of funding may become constrained, which may require us to restructure debt or obtain additional financing on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. 
 
 The extent of any of the previously-described effects on our business will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the possible further impacts on the global economy. 

20 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Damage to our reputation could damage our businesses. 
 
 Maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and maintaining clients, investors, and associates. If we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. These issues may include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this Item 1A, including appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money laundering, cybersecurity and privacy, record-keeping, sales and trading practices, and associate misconduct. In addition, the failure to either sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels or to properly identify and communicate the risks inherent in the products and services we offer could also give rise to reputational risk. Failure to maintain appropriate service and quality standards or a failure or perceived failure to treat clients fairly can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and reputational harm. Negative publicity about us, whether or not true, may also harm our reputation. Further, failures at other large financial institutions or other market participants, regardless of whether they relate to our activities, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the financial system in general. 

We are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic conditions that impact the global financial markets. 
 
 We are engaged in various financial services businesses. As such, we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, as well as economic output levels, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, prices of commodities, consumer confidence levels and changes in consumer spending, international trade policy, and fiscal and monetary policy. For example, Fed policies determine, in large part, the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments. The market impact from such policies can also decrease materially the value of certain of our financial assets, most notably debt securities, as well as our cash flows, such as those associated with client cash balances. Changes in tax law and regulation, or any market uncertainty caused by a change in the political environment, may negatively affect our business. Macroeconomic conditions may also directly and indirectly impact a number of factors in the global financial markets that may be detrimental to our operating results. 
 
 If we were to experience a period of sustained downturn in the securities markets, credit market dislocations, reductions in the value of real estate, increases in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, or other negative market factors, including from the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, our revenues could be adversely impacted. Market uncertainty could also cause clients to move their investments to lower margin products, or withdraw them, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. We could also experience a material reduction in trading volume and lower asset prices in times of market uncertainty, which would result in lower brokerage revenues, including losses on firm inventory, as well as losses on certain of our investments. Conversely, periods of severe market volatility may result in a significantly higher level of transactions and other activity which may cause operational challenges that may result in losses. These can include, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, or interruptions to our system processing. Periods of reduced revenue and other losses could lead to reduced profitability because certain of our expenses, including our interest expense on debt, rent, facilities and salary expenses, are fixed, and our ability to reduce them over short time periods is limited. 
 
 U.S. markets may also be impacted by political and civil unrest occurring in other parts of the world. Our businesses and revenues derived from non-U.S. operations may also be subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social or political instability, less established regulatory regimes, changes in governmental or central bank policies, downgrades in the credit ratings of sovereign countries, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets and unfavorable legislative, economic and political developments. For example, continued uncertainties loom over the future of the U.K. s relationship with the E.U., including future trading arrangements between the U.K. and the E.U., following the expiration of the transition period on December 31, 2020. During the transition period of Brexit, we took steps to make certain changes to our European operations in an effort to ensure that, where possible, we can continue to provide cross-border services in E.U. member states without the need for separate regulatory authorizations in each member state. There is also continued uncertainty regarding the outcome of the E.U. s financial support programs and the stability of the E.U. s sovereign debt. It is possible that other E.U. member states may experience financial troubles in the future, or may choose to follow the U.K. s lead and leave the E.U. Any negative impact on economic conditions and global markets from these developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity. 

21 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Lack of liquidity or access to capital could impair our business and financial condition. 
 
 Our inability to maintain adequate liquidity or to easily access credit and capital markets could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition. If liquidity from our brokerage or banking operations is inadequate or unavailable, we may be required to scale back or curtail our operations, such as limiting our recruiting of additional financial advisors, limiting lending, selling assets at unfavorable prices, and cutting or eliminating dividend payments. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by: the inability of our subsidiaries to generate cash to distribute to the parent company in the form of dividends from earnings; liquidity or capital requirements applicable to our subsidiaries that may prevent us from distributing cash to the parent company; limited or no accessibility to credit markets for secured and unsecured borrowings by our subsidiaries; diminished access to the capital markets for RJF; and other commitments or restrictions on capital as a result of adverse legal settlements, judgments, or regulatory sanctions. Furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to prohibitions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or repurchase our stock. Certain of our regulators have the authority, and under certain circumstances, the duty, to prohibit or to limit dividend payments by regulated subsidiaries to their parent company. 
 
 The availability of financing, including access to the credit and capital markets, depends on various factors, such as conditions in the debt and equity markets, the general availability of credit, the volume of securities trading activity, the overall availability of credit to the financial services sector, and our credit ratings. Our cost of capital and the availability of funding may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. Additionally, lenders may from time to time curtail, or even cease to provide, funding to borrowers as a result of future concerns over the strength of specific counterparties, as well as the stability of markets generally. 

We are exposed to credit risk. 
 
 We are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their obligations to us due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. This risk was and may further be exacerbated by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in certain sectors. We actively buy and sell securities from and to clients and counterparties in the normal course of our broker-dealers trading and underwriting activities, which exposes us to credit risk. Although generally collateralized by the underlying security to the transaction, we still face risk associated with changes in the market value of collateral through settlement date. We also hold certain securities, loans and derivatives as part of our trading operations. Deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans or the non-performance of counterparties to certain derivatives could result in losses. 
 
 We borrow securities from, and lend securities to, other broker-dealers and may also enter into agreements to repurchase and/or resell securities as part of our financing activities. A sharp change in the market values of the securities utilized in these transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments. We manage the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits, as well as by evaluating collateral and transaction levels on a recurring basis. Significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of our counterparties could lead to widespread concerns about the credit quality of other counterparties in the same industry, thereby exacerbating our credit risk. In addition, we permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. During periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the loan. If clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. This may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults. 
 
 We deposit our cash in depository institutions as a means of maintaining the liquidity necessary to meet our operating needs, and we also facilitate the deposit of cash awaiting investment in depository institutions on behalf of our clients. A failure of a depository institution to return these deposits could severely impact our operating liquidity, result in significant reputational damage, and adversely impact our financial performance. 
 
 We also incur credit risk by lending to businesses and individuals, including through offering C I loans, CRE loans, REIT loans, residential mortgage loans, tax-exempt loans, SBL and other loans. We also incur credit risk through certain of our investments. Our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies, or to borrowers or issuers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions, such as those most impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to experience credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans, sell loans at unattractive prices or foreclose on certain real estate properties. Credit quality may also be affected by adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our debtors or deterioration in the strength of the U.S. economy. The deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies 
 
 22 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 or pandemics, acts of terrorism, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional credit loss provisions and/or charges-offs, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital. 

We are exposed to market risk, including interest rate risk. 
 
 Market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions, which directly and indirectly affect us. Market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of an issuer. 
 
 Market risk is inherent in financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, trading assets and liabilities, derivatives and private equity investments. For example, interest rate changes could adversely affect the value of our fixed income trading inventories held to facilitate client transactions, as well as our net interest spread, which is the difference between the yield we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and other sources of funding, in turn impacting our net interest income and earnings. Interest rate changes could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities. 
 
 A rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning a larger net interest spread and an increase in servicing fees received on cash swept to third-party program banks as part of the RJBDP. Conversely, in those operations, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning a smaller net interest spread and lower RJBDP fees from third-party program banks. Moreover, while there is no indication currently that the Fed plans to reduce its targeted Fed funds rate to a negative rate, if such a policy were to be adopted, the cost to hold both firm and client deposits would have an adverse impact on our profitability. If we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
 
 Our private equity investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. The value of our private equity portfolio can fluctuate and earnings from our investments can be volatile and difficult to predict. When, and if, we recognize gains can depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the prospects of the companies in which we invest and whether these companies become subject to a monetization event. 
 
 In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. The inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing our capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition and liquidity. 

Significant volatility in our domestic clients cash balances could negatively impact our net revenues and/or our ability to fund Raymond James Bank s growth and may impact our regulatory ratios. 
 
 The majority of Raymond James Bank s deposits are driven by the RJBDP. The RJBDP is a source of relatively low-cost, stable deposits for Raymond James Bank and we rely heavily on the RJBDP to fund Raymond James Bank s asset growth. A significant reduction in PCG clients cash balances, a change in the allocation of that cash between Raymond James Bank and third-party banks within the RJBDP, or a transfer of cash away from the firm could significantly impact Raymond James Bank s ability to continue growing interest-earning assets and/or require Raymond James Bank to use higher-cost deposit sources to grow interest-earning assets. 
 
 The RJBDP also generates fees from third-party banks related to the deposits they receive through their participation in the RJBDP. If PCG clients cash balances remain elevated or increase further and third-party bank demand or capacity for RJBDP deposits do not improve or decline from current levels our RJBDP fees from third-party banks could continue to be adversely affected. In addition, our inability to deploy client cash to third-party banks through RJBDP would require us to retain more cash at Raymond James Bank or in our Client Interest Program CIP ), both of which may cause a significant increase in our assets. Such an increase in our assets may negatively impact certain of our regulatory ratios. 

23 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products, fees earned from the management of client accounts, and asset management fees. 
 
 A large portion of our revenues are derived from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as mutual funds and variable annuities, and the various services we perform related to such products. Changes in the structure or amount of the fees paid by the sponsors of these products could directly affect our revenues, business and financial condition. In addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, we may receive lower fees from the distribution and other services we provide on behalf of the mutual fund and annuity companies. 
 
 The asset management fees we are paid are dependent upon the value of client assets in fee-based accounts in our PCG segment, as well as AUM in our Asset Management segment. The value of our fee-based assets and AUM is impacted by market fluctuations and inflows or outflows of assets. As our PCG clients increasingly show a preference for fee-based accounts over traditional transaction-based accounts, a larger portion of our client assets are more directly impacted by market movements. Therefore, in periods of declining market values, the values of fee-based accounts and AUM may resultantly decline, which would negatively impact our revenues. In addition, below-market investment performance by our funds, portfolio managers or financial advisors could result in reputational damage that might cause outflows or make it more difficult to attract new investors into our asset management products and thus, further impact our business and financial condition. 
 
 Our asset management fees may also decline over time due to factors such as increased competition and the renegotiation of contracts. In addition, the market environment in recent years has resulted in a shift to passive investment products, which generate lower fees than actively managed products. A continued trend toward passive investments or changes in market values or in the fee structure of asset management accounts would negatively affect our revenues, business and financial condition. 

Our underwriting, market-making, trading, and other business activities place our capital at risk. 
 
 We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings in which we are involved. From time to time as part of our underwriting processes, we may carry significant positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry. Sudden changes in the value of these positions, despite our risk mitigation policies, could impact our financial results. 
 
 As a market maker, we take ownership of positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. Despite risk mitigation policies, we may incur losses as a result of positions we hold in connection with these activities. 
 
 We have made and, to the limited extent permitted by applicable regulations, may continue to make principal investments in private equity funds and other illiquid investments. We may be unable to realize our investment objectives if we cannot sell or otherwise dispose of our interests at attractive prices or complete a desirable exit strategy. In particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the portfolio companies in which investments are made, changes in economic conditions or changes in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions. It could take a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities and then to realize the cash value of such investments. 

Any cyber-attack or other security breach of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third-party vendors we rely on, could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation. 
 
 Our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential financial, personal and other information in our computer systems and networks. There have been several highly publicized cases involving financial services companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber-attacks involving the theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate information or other assets, in some cases as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties. There have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested ransom payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or for restoring access to information or systems. Like other financial services firms, we experience malicious cyber activity directed at our computer systems, software, networks and its users on a daily basis. This malicious activity includes attempts at unauthorized access, implantation of computer viruses or malware, and denial-of-service attacks. We also experience large volumes of phishing and other forms of social engineering attempted for the purpose of perpetrating fraud against the firm, our associates, or our clients. Additionally, like many large enterprises, since mid-March 2020, we have shifted the majority of our associates to remote work arrangements in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and expect that 
 
 24 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 many of our associates will continue to work remotely to some extent following the pandemic. This change in our operating model has enabled us to successfully continue business operations, but also introduces potential new vulnerabilities to cyber threats. We also face increased cybersecurity risk as we deploy additional mobile and cloud technologies. We seek to continuously monitor for and nimbly react to any and all such malicious cyber activity, and we develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misuse, misappropriation or corruption. Senior management of our Information Technology department gives a quarterly update on cybersecurity to the Audit and Risk Committee of our Board of Directors and an annual update to our full Board of Directors. 
 
 Cyber-attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third parties affiliated with foreign governments, organized crime or terrorist organizations. Third parties may also attempt to place individuals within our firm, or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems, to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. Although cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms are on the rise, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. However, the techniques used in these attacks are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. Although we seek to maintain a robust suite of authentication and layered information security controls, including our cyber threat analytics, data encryption and tokenization technologies, anti-malware defenses and vulnerability management programs, any one or combination of these controls could fail to detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner. Despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, equipment failure, natural disasters, power loss, spam attacks, unauthorized access, supply chain attacks, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code, and other events that could result in significant liability and damage to our reputation, and have an ongoing impact on the security and stability of our operations. 
 
 We also rely on numerous third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them. While we regularly conduct security assessments on these third-party vendors, we cannot be certain that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. We also cannot be certain that we will receive timely notification of such cyber-attacks or other security breaches. In addition, in order to access our products and services, our clients may use computers and other devices that are beyond our security control systems. 
 
 Notwithstanding the precautions we take, if a cyber-attack or other information security breach were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations or those of our clients and counterparties, exposing us to liability. As attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may be required to expend substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to communicate about cyber-attacks to our clients. Though we have insurance against some cyber-risks and attacks, we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that exceed our policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies. A technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. Further, successful cyber-attacks at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are affected, could lead to a general loss of confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our financial products and services. 
 
 Further, in light of the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of our clients, partners and counterparties, the increasing sophistication of malicious actors, and our remote work environment, a cyber-attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. We expect that any investigation of a cyber-attack would take substantial amounts of time, and that there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which would further increase the costs and consequences of such an attack. 
 
 We may also be subject to liability under various data protection laws. In providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. federal, state and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. If any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. In addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through system failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. Potential liability in the event of a security breach of 
 
 25 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 client data could be significant. Depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages. 

A continued interruption to our telecommunications or data processing systems, or the failure to effectively update the technology we utilize, could be materially adverse to our business. 
 
 Our businesses rely extensively on data processing and communications systems. In addition to better serving clients, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. Adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. Introduction of new technology presents challenges on a regular basis. There are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies or adapt our applications to emerging industry standards. 
 
 Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to: (i) successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our technology systems on a regular basis; (ii) maintain the quality of the information contained in our data processing and communications systems; (iii) address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands; and (iv) retain skilled information technology employees. Failure of our technology systems, which could result from events beyond our control, including a systems malfunction or cyber-attack, failure by a third-party service provider, or an inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses, liability to clients, violations of applicable privacy and other applicable laws and regulatory sanctions. 

The soundness of other financial institutions and intermediaries affects us. 
 
 We face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries that we use to facilitate our securities and derivative transactions. As a result of regulatory changes and the consolidation over the years among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses, our exposure to certain financial intermediaries has increased and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives should the need arise. Any failure, termination or constraint of these intermediaries could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions, service our clients and manage our exposure to risk. 
 
 Our ability to engage in routine trading and funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interdependent as a result of trading, clearing, funding, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. Defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the financial condition of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have historically led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. Losses arising in connection with counterparty defaults may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our risk management and conflicts of interest policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk. 
 
 We seek to manage, monitor and control our market, credit, operational, liquidity and legal and regulatory compliance risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be effective. While we use limits and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot always anticipate unforeseen economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Our risk management methods may not predict future risk exposures effectively. In addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate or may have limited predictive value. A failure to manage our growth adequately, including growth in the products or services we offer, or to manage our risk effectively, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Financial services firms are subject to numerous actual or perceived conflicts of interest, which are routinely examined by regulators and SROs such as FINRA and are often used as the basis for claims for legal liability by plaintiffs in actions against us. Our risk management processes include addressing potential conflicts of interest that arise in our business. Management of potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as we expand our business activities. A perceived or actual 
 
 26 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 failure to address conflicts of interest adequately could affect our reputation, the willingness of clients to transact business with us or give rise to litigation or regulatory actions. Therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could result in material harm to our business and financial condition. 

We continue to experience pricing pressures in areas of our business which may impair our future revenue and profitability. 
 
 We continue to experience pricing pressures on trading margins and commissions in fixed income and equity trading. In fixed income markets, regulatory requirements have resulted in greater price transparency, leading to price competition and decreased trading margins. In equity markets, we experience pricing pressure from institutional clients to reduce commissions, partially due to the industry trend toward the separate payment for research and execution services. Our trading margins have been further compressed by the shift from high- to low-touch execution services over time, which has created additional competitive pressure. We believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including by reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions or margins. 

We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with technological change. 
 
 We are engaged in intensely competitive businesses. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our associates, our products and services, pricing (such as execution pricing and fee levels), technology solutions, and location and reputation in relevant markets. Over time, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry, which has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors. See Item 1 - Business - Competition of this Form 10-K for additional information about our competitors. 
 
 We compete directly with other national full service broker-dealers, investment banking firms, commercial banks, and investment advisors, and to a lesser extent, with discount brokers and dealers. We face competition from more recent entrants into the market, including fintechs, and increased use of alternative sales channels by other firms. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for fintechs to compete with larger financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone-based financial solutions. This competition has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to intensify. In addition, commercial firms and other non-traditional competitors have applied for banking licenses or have entered into partnerships with banks to provide banking services. We also compete indirectly for investment assets with insurance companies, real estate firms and hedge funds, among others. This competition could cause our business to suffer. 
 
 Our future success also depends in part on our ability to develop, maintain, and enhance our products and services, including factors such as customer experience, and the pricing and range of our offerings. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. If we are not able to develop new products and services, enhance existing offerings, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, or successfully market these products and services to our customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk that payments processing and other services could be significantly disrupted by technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, that require no intermediation. New technologies have required, and could require us in the future, to spend more to modify or adapt our products to attract and retain clients and customers or to match products and services offered by our competitors, including technology companies. 

Our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business. 
 
 Our ability to recruit, serve and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, leadership, business generation capabilities and client service skills of our client-serving professionals, members of our executive team, as well as employees who support revenue-generating professionals and their clients. To compete effectively we must attract, develop, and retain qualified professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue-producing or specialized personnel. Competitive pressures we experience could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 Turnover in the financial services industry is high. The cost of recruiting and retaining skilled professionals in the financial services industry has been considerable in recent years, but has intensified further during the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. Financial industry employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, increased compensation and increased opportunities to work remotely on a permanent basis. These can be important factors in a current associate s decision to leave us as well as in a prospective associate s decision to join us. As competition for skilled 
 
 27 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 professionals in the industry remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain qualified personnel. To the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our associates, which could result in increased recruiting expense or result in our recruiting additional associates at compensation levels that are not within our target range. In particular, our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. If we were to lose the services of any of our investment bankers, senior equity research, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. If we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. Further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues. 
 
 Moreover, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. We have been subject to several such claims and may be subject to additional claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel, some of whom may work for our competitors. Some of these claims may result in material litigation. We could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. Such claims could also discourage potential associates who work for our competitors from joining us. We participate in the Protocol for Broker Recruiting Protocol ), a voluntary agreement among many firms in the industry that governs, among other things, the client information that financial advisors may take with them when they affiliate with a new firm. The ability to bring such customer data to a new broker-dealer generally means that the clients of the financial advisor are more likely to choose to open accounts at the advisor s new firm. Participation is voluntary and it is possible that certain of our competitors will withdraw from the Protocol. If the broker-dealers from whom we recruit new financial advisors prevent, or significantly limit, the transfer of client data, our recruiting efforts may be adversely affected and we could continue to experience claims against us relating to our recruiting efforts. 

A downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings and financial condition. 
 
 If our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, and as a result, adversely affect our client relationships. Such a change in our credit ratings could also adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets, trigger obligations under certain financial agreements, or decrease the number of investors, clients and counterparties willing or permitted to do business with or lend to us, thereby curtailing our business operations and reducing profitability. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain additional outside financing to fund our operations on favorable terms, or at all. The impact of a credit rating downgrade to a level below investment grade would result in our breaching provisions in certain of our derivative instruments, and may result in a request for immediate payment and/or ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. A credit rating downgrade would also result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on its 500 million unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility ), in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on the line as of and subsequent to such downgrade (see Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K and Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for information on the Credit Facility). 

Business growth, including through acquisitions, could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks. 
 
 We continue to grow, including through acquisitions and through our recruiting efforts. Integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. While cultural fit is a requirement for both our recruiting and acquisition efforts, there can be no assurance that recruited talent and/or acquisition targets will ultimately assimilate into our firm in a manner which results in the expected financial benefits. We may incur significant expense in connection with expanding our existing businesses, recruiting financial advisors or making strategic acquisitions or investments. Our overall profitability would be negatively affected if investments and expenses associated with such growth are not matched or exceeded by the earnings derived from such investments or growth. Assumptions which underlie the basis of our acquisition decisions, such as the retention of key personnel, future revenue growth of an acquired business, cost efficiencies to be realized, or the value created through the application of specialized expertise we plan to bring to the acquired business, may not be fully realized post-acquisition, resulting in an adverse impact on the value of our investment and potential dilution of the value of our shares. 

28 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Expansion may also create a need for additional compliance, risk management and internal control procedures, and often involves hiring additional personnel to address these procedures. To the extent such procedures are not adequate or not adhered to with respect to our expanded business or any new business, we could be exposed to a material loss or regulatory sanction. 
 
 Moreover, to the extent we pursue acquisitions, or enter into acquisition commitments, a number of factors may prevent us from completing such acquisitions on acceptable terms. For example, regulators such as the Fed or the FDIC could fail to approve a proposed transaction or such approvals could result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction. The shareholders of a publicly-traded target company could fail to approve the transaction. Closing conditions in the transaction agreement could fail to be satisfied, or there could be an unexpected delay in closing. Other developments that may affect future results of an acquired company may occur, including changes in asset quality and credit risk, changes in interest rates and capital markets, inflation, and/or changes in customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices. Finally, an event, change, or other circumstance could occur that gives rise to the termination of the transaction agreement. 
 
 We may be unable to integrate an acquired business into our existing business successfully, or such integration may be materially delayed or become more costly or difficult than expected. Further, either company s clients, suppliers, employees or other business partners may react negatively to the transaction. Such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we may need to raise capital or borrow funds in order to finance an acquisition, which could result in dilution or increased leverage. We may not be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms or perhaps at all. Further, we may issue our shares as a component of some or all of the purchase consideration for an acquisition, which may result in dilution. 
 
 Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. Even if such lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims could result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. An adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition. 

Associate misconduct, which is difficult to detect and deter, could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. 
 
 There is a risk that our associates could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. For example, our investment banking business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. Our associates interact with clients, customers and counterparties on an ongoing basis. All associates are expected to exhibit the behaviors and ethics that are reflected in our framework of principles, policies and technology to protect both our own information as well as that of our clients. If our associates improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to future regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. We are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over our assets under management. In addition, our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice and discretionary asset management. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our associates would adversely affect our clients and us. Associate conduct on non-business matters, such as social issues, could be inconsistent with our policies and ethics and result in reputational harm to our business as a result of their employment by us or affiliation with us. It is not always possible to deter or prevent every instance of associate misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. If our associates engage in misconduct, our business would be adversely affected. 

We are exposed to litigation risks, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and prospects. 
 
 Many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of liability. We have been named as a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits and arbitrations primarily involving claims for damages. The risks associated with potential litigation often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Unauthorized or illegal acts of our associates could also result in substantial liability. 
 
 In challenging market conditions, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions have historically increased. Litigation risks include potential liability under securities laws or other laws for: alleged materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities offerings and other transactions; issues related to our investment recommendations, including the suitability of such recommendations or potential concentration of investments; the inability to sell or redeem securities in a timely manner during adverse market conditions; contractual issues; employment claims; and potential liability for other advice we provide to participants in strategic transactions. Substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial impact or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn 
 
 29 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 could seriously harm our business and future business prospects. In addition to the foregoing financial costs and risks associated with potential liability, the costs of defending individual litigation and claims continue to increase over time. The amount of attorneys fees incurred in connection with the defense of litigation and claims could be substantial and might materially and adversely affect our results of operations. See Item 3 - Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-K for further information about legal matters. 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results and new accounting standards could adversely affect future reported results. 
 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting period. Such estimates and assumptions may require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. One of our most critical estimates is our allowance for credit losses. At any given point in time, conditions in real estate and credit markets may increase the complexity and uncertainty involved in estimating the losses inherent in our loan portfolio. If management s underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, the allowance for credit losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. Our financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 Our financial instruments, including certain trading assets and liabilities, derivatives, available-for-sale securities, certain loans and investments, among other items, require management to make a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our consolidated financial statements. Where quoted market prices are not available, we may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means, which ultimately rely to some degree on our subjective judgment. Some of these instruments and other assets and liabilities may have no directly observable inputs, making their valuation particularly subjective and, consequently, based on estimation and judgment. In addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain securities may make it more difficult to value certain items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment, as well as declines in our earnings in subsequent periods. 
 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. The Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB and the SEC have at times revised the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior-period financial statements. For further discussion of our significant accounting estimates, policies and standards, see Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical accounting estimates and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Recent accounting developments of this Form 10-K and Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 

Our operations could be adversely affected by serious weather conditions. 
 
 Certain of our principal operations are located in St. Petersburg, Florida. While we have a business continuity plan that provides for significant operations to be conducted out of remote locations, as well as our Southfield, Michigan and Memphis, Tennessee corporate offices and our U.S. information systems processing to be conducted out of our information technology data center in the Denver, Colorado area, our operations could be adversely affected by hurricanes or other serious weather conditions that could affect the processing of transactions, communications, and the ability of our associates to get to our offices, or work remotely. In addition, since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, we have allowed nearly all of our associates to work remotely and, as a result, our operations are dependent on our associates ability to relocate to a secondary location in the event of a power outage or other disruption in their primary remote work location. As previously mentioned, weather events could also adversely impact the value of certain loans within our bank loan portfolio. 

30 

Climate change and sustainability concerns could disrupt our businesses, adversely affect client activity levels, adversely affect the creditworthiness of our counterparties and damage our reputation. 
 
 Climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of our primary locations, which may negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our associates, clients, and other key stakeholders. Climate change may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients. Additionally, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our clients involvement in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change or by our failure or our clients failure to support sustainability initiatives. New regulations or guidance relating to environmental, social, and governance standards, as well as the perspectives of shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding these standards, may affect our business activities and increase disclosure requirements, which may increase costs. 

The phase-out of LIBOR could negatively impact our financial condition and require significant operational work. 
 
 Central banks and regulators in the U.S. and other jurisdictions are working to implement the transition to suitable replacements for LIBOR. The discontinuance of LIBOR has resulted in significant uncertainty regarding the transition to suitable alternative reference rates and could adversely impact our business, operations, and financial results. Although alternative reference rates have been proposed to replace LIBOR, market and client adoption of these rates varies across products, services, and contracts, leading to market fragmentation, reduced liquidity in the market, and increased operational complexity. Alternative reference rates have different characteristics than LIBOR, and may demonstrate less predictable behavior over time and across different monetary, market, and economic environments. Although the full impact of transition remains unclear, this change may have an adverse impact on the value of, return on and trading markets for a broad array of financial products, including any LIBOR-based securities, loans and derivatives that are included in our financial assets and liabilities. However, we do not believe the transition to an alternative reference rate will have a material impact on our financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. 

We are exposed to risks related to our insurance programs. 
 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our use of a combination of insurance, self-insured retention and self-insurance for a number of risks. To a large extent, we have elected to self-insure our errors and omissions liability and our employee-related health care benefit plans. We have self-insured retention risk related to several exposures, including our property and casualty, workers compensation and general liability benefit plans. 
 
 While we endeavor to purchase insurance coverage appropriate to our risk assessment, we are unable to predict with certainty the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. Our business may be negatively affected if our insurance proves to be inadequate or unavailable. In addition, claims associated with risks we have retained either through our self-insurance retention or by self-insuring may exceed our recorded liabilities which could negatively impact future earnings. Insurance claims may divert management resources away from operating our business. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 

Financial services firms are highly regulated and such regulation may increase the risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions. 
 
 Financial services firms operate in an evolving regulatory environment. The industry has experienced an extended period of significant change in laws and regulations governing the financial services industry, as well as a high degree of scrutiny from various regulators, including the SEC, the Fed, the OCC and the CFPB, in addition to stock exchanges, FINRA and state attorneys general. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act resulted in sweeping changes to the regulatory regime, including a significant increase in the supervision and regulation of the financial services industry. Penalties and fines imposed by regulatory authorities have been substantial in recent years. We may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations. Existing and new laws and regulations could affect our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, impact the value of our assets, require us to alter at least some of our business practices, impose additional compliance costs, and otherwise adversely affect our businesses. 
 
 There is also increased regulatory scrutiny (and related compliance costs) as we continue to grow and surpass certain consolidated asset thresholds, which have the effect of imposing enhanced standards and requirements on larger institutions. These include, but are not limited to, Raymond James Bank s oversight by the CFPB. Any action taken by the CFPB could 
 
 31 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 result in requirements to alter or cease offering affected products and services, make such products and services less attractive, impose additional compliance measures, or result in fines, penalties or required remediation. 
 
 We are also required to comply with the Volcker Rule s provisions. Although we have not historically engaged in significant levels of proprietary trading, due to our underwriting and trading activities and our investments in covered funds, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased operational and compliance costs and changes to our private equity investments. Any changes to regulations or changes to the supervisory approach may also result in increased compliance costs to the extent we are required to modify our existing compliance policies, procedures and practices. 
 
 Broker-dealers and investment advisors are subject to regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including, but not limited to: sales and trading methods; trade practices among broker-dealers; use and safekeeping of clients funds and securities; capital structure of securities firms; anti-money laundering efforts; recordkeeping; and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. Any violation of these laws or regulations could subject us to the following events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects: civil and criminal liability; sanctions, which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries registrations as investment advisors or broker-dealers; the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors; censures; fines; or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. 
 
 The majority of our affiliated financial advisors are independent contractors. Legislative or regulatory action that redefines the criteria for determining whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor could materially impact our relationships with our advisors and our business, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Raymond James Bank is subject to the CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other U.S. federal fair lending laws and regulations that impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies, including the CFPB, are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. An unfavorable CRA rating or a successful challenge to an institution s performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief, and the imposition of restrictions on mergers, acquisitions and expansion activity. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge a financial institution s performance under fair lending laws by bringing private class action litigation. 
 
 As discussed in Item 1 - Business - Regulation of this Form 10-K, on July 20, 2021, the Fed, the FDIC, and the OCC issued a joint statement in which they committed to working together to jointly modernize the CRA regulations. These developments create uncertainty in planning our CRA activities. Any revisions to the CRA regulations may negatively impact our business, including through increased costs related to compliance. 
 
 In addition, we have certain international business operations that are subject to laws, regulations, and standards in the countries in which we operate. Any violations of these laws, regulations or standards could subject us to a range of potential regulatory events or outcomes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects including potential adverse impacts on continued operations in the relevant international jurisdiction. 
 
 Regulatory actions brought against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. There is no assurance that regulators will be satisfied with the policies and procedures implemented by RJF and its subsidiaries. In addition, from time to time, RJF and its subsidiaries may become subject to additional findings with respect to supervisory, compliance or other regulatory deficiencies, which could subject us to additional liability, including penalties and restrictions on our business activities. Among other things, these restrictions could limit our ability to make investments, complete acquisitions, expand into new business lines, pay dividends on our common stock and/or engage in share repurchases. See Item 1 - Business - Regulation of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding our regulatory environment. 

Changes in requirements relating to the standard of conduct for broker-dealers applicable under federal and state law have increased our costs. 
 
 In June 2019, the SEC adopted a package of rulemakings and interpretations related to the provision of advice by broker-dealers and investment advisers, including Regulation Best Interest. Since June 30, 2020, Regulation Best Interest requires, among other things, a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail client when making a recommendation to that client of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. The regulation imposes heightened standards on broker-dealers, and we have incurred substantial costs in order to review and modify our policies and procedures, including associated supervisory and compliance controls. We anticipate that we will continue to incur costs in the future to comply with the standard. 

32 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 In addition to the SEC, various states have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations seeking to impose new standards of conduct on broker-dealers that, as written, differ from the SEC s new regulations and may lead to additional implementation costs. Implementation of the new SEC regulations, as well as any new state rules that are adopted addressing similar matters, has resulted in (and may continue to result in) increased costs related to compliance, legal, operations and information technology. 
 
 The DOL has also reinstated the historical five-part test for determining who is an investment advice fiduciary when dealing with certain retirement plans and accounts and proposed a new exemption to allow investment advice fiduciaries to receive transaction-based compensation and engage in certain principal trades. In addition, the DOL is expected to amend the rule that determines whether an investment professional is a fiduciary to their clients retirement accounts under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and Internal Revenue Code. As such, imposing a new standard of care on additional client relationships could lead to incremental costs for our business. 

Numerous regulatory changes and enhanced regulatory and enforcement activity relating to our investment management activities may increase our compliance and legal costs and otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 As some of our wholly-owned subsidiaries are registered as investment advisors with the SEC, increased regulatory scrutiny and rulemaking initiatives may result in additional operational and compliance costs or the assessment of significant fines or penalties against our asset management business, and may otherwise limit our ability to engage in certain activities. While it is not possible to determine the extent of the long-term impact of any new laws or regulations that have been promulgated, or initiatives that have been or may be proposed, even the short-term impact of preparing for or implementing changes to our infrastructure and processes could negatively impact the ways we conduct business and increase our compliance and legal costs. Conformance with any new law or regulations could also make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect our product and service offerings. 
 
 Investment management businesses have been affected by the SEC s Regulation Best Interest which, in addition to creating a standard of care a financial advisor owes its clients, also impacts investment advice provided by investment advisers. The result has been increased scrutiny within the industry regarding how advisory products are offered and sold. Such changes could impact our revenues and profitability. 
 
 New regulations regarding the management of hedge funds and the use of certain investment products, including additional recordkeeping and disclosure requirements, may also impact our asset management business and result in increased costs. 

Failure to comply with regulatory capital requirements primarily applicable to RJF, Raymond James Bank or our broker-dealer subsidiaries would significantly harm our business. 
 
 As discussed in Item 1 - Business - Regulation of this Form 10-K, RJF and Raymond James Bank are subject to capital requirements administered by various federal regulators in the U.S. and, accordingly, must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of RJF and Raymond James Bank s assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidelines. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger certain mandatory (and potentially discretionary) actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could harm either RJF or Raymond James Bank s operations and financial condition. Further, we are subject to the SEC s Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1) and FINRA s net capital rule, which may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from our broker-dealer subsidiaries. RJ Ltd. is subject to similar limitations under applicable regulations in Canada by IIROC. Regulatory capital requirements applicable to some of our significant subsidiaries may impede access to funds that RJF may need to make payments on any of its obligations. See Note 24 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information on regulations and capital requirements. 

The Basel III regulatory capital standards impose capital and other requirements on us that could negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 The Fed and other federal banking regulators have implemented the global regulatory capital requirements of Basel III and certain requirements implemented by the Dodd-Frank Act. The U.S. Basel III Rules establish the quantity and quality of regulatory capital, set forth a capital conservation buffer and define the calculation of risk-weighted assets. The capital requirements stipulated under the U.S. Basel III Rules could restrict our ability to grow during favorable market conditions or require us to raise additional capital. Revisions to the Basel III Rules, including in connection with the implementation of the standards released by the Basel Committee in December 2017 could, when implemented in the United States, negatively impact our regulatory capital ratio calculations. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could 
 
 33 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 be adversely affected. See Item 1 - Business - Regulation of this Form 10-K for further information on the Basel III regulatory capital standards. 

As a financial holding company, RJF s liquidity depends on payments from its subsidiaries, which may be subject to regulatory restrictions. 
 
 RJF as a financial holding company depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations, including its debt service obligations. RJF s subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prevent or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to RJF. RJF s broker-dealers and bank subsidiary are limited in their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and are subject to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as limitations on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. These requirements may hinder RJF s ability to access funds from its subsidiaries. RJF may also become subject to a prohibition or limitations on its ability to pay dividends or repurchase its common stock. Federal regulators, including the Fed and the SEC (through FINRA), have the authority and under certain circumstances, the obligation, to limit or prohibit dividend payments and stock repurchases by the banking organizations they supervise, including RJF and its bank subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We operate our business from our principal location in St. Petersburg, Florida in 1.25 million square feet of office space that we own in the Carillon Office Park. We conduct certain operations from our owned facility in Southfield, Michigan, comprising approximately 90,000 square feet, and operate a 40,000 square foot information technology data center on land we own in the Denver, Colorado area. Generally, our owned locations and principal leases, identified below, support all of our business segments. 
 
 We lease the premises we occupy in other U.S. and foreign locations, including employee-based branch office operations. Leases for branch offices for independent contractors are the responsibility of the respective independent contractor financial advisors and are not included in the amounts listed below. Our leases contain various expiration dates through fiscal year 2032. Our principal leases are in the following locations: 
 
 We occupy leased space of approximately 250,000 square feet in Memphis, along with approximately 165,000 square feet in New York City, 70,000 square feet in Chicago and 30,000 square feet in Denver, with other office and branch locations throughout the U.S.; 
 
 We occupy leased space of approximately 80,000 and 85,000 square feet in Vancouver and Toronto, respectively, along with other office and branch locations throughout Canada; 
 
 We occupy leased space of approximately 30,000 square feet in London, along with other office locations in Europe, primarily in Germany. 
 
 Additionally, we own approximately 65 acres of land located in Pasco County, Florida for potential development, as needed. We regularly monitor the facilities we own or occupy to ensure that they suit our needs, particularly as we introduce more flexibility in work location for our associates as we return to office. To the extent that they do not meet our needs, we will expand, contract or relocate, as necessary. See Note 2 and Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for information regarding our lease obligations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 In the normal course of our business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our activities as a diversified financial services institution. 
 
 RJF and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to regular reviews and inspections by regulatory authorities and self-regulatory organizations. Reviews can result in the imposition of sanctions for regulatory violations, ranging from non-monetary censures to fines and, in serious cases, temporary or permanent suspension from conducting business, or limitations on certain business 
 
 34 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 activities. In addition, regulatory agencies and SROs institute investigations from time to time, among other things, into industry practices, which can also result in the imposition of such sanctions. 
 
 We may contest liability and/or the amount of damages, as appropriate, in each pending matter. Over the last several years, the level of litigation and investigatory activity (both formal and informal) by government and self-regulatory agencies in the financial services industry continues to be significant. There can be no assurance that material losses will not be incurred from claims that have not yet been asserted or are not yet determined to be material. 
 
 For many legal and regulatory matters, we are unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss as we cannot predict if, how or when such proceedings or investigations will be resolved or what the eventual settlement, fine, penalty or other relief, if any, may be. A large number of factors may contribute to this inherent unpredictability: the proceeding is in its early stages; the damages sought are unspecified, unsupported or uncertain; it is unclear whether a case brought as a class action will be allowed to proceed on that basis; the other party is seeking relief other than or in addition to compensatory damages (including, in the case of regulatory and governmental proceedings, potential fines and penalties); the matters present significant legal uncertainties; we have not engaged in settlement discussions; discovery is not complete; there are significant facts in dispute; and numerous parties are named as defendants (including where it is uncertain how liability might be shared among defendants). Subject to the foregoing, after consultation with counsel, we believe that the outcome of such litigation and regulatory proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition. However, the outcome of such litigation and regulatory proceedings could be material to our operating results and cash flows for a particular future period, depending on, among other things, our revenues or income for such period. 
 
 See Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding legal and regulatory matter contingencies, and refer to Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical accounting estimates in the section Loss provisions for legal and regulatory matters and Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for information on our criteria for establishing accruals. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol RJF. As of November 18, 2021, we had 309 holders of record of our common stock. Shares of our common stock are held by a substantially greater number of beneficial owners, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 
 See Note 24 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for information regarding our intentions for paying cash dividends and the related capital restrictions. 
 
 Information related to our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance is presented in Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 We did not have any sales of unregistered securities for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 or 2019. 

35 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 We purchase our own stock from time to time in conjunction with a number of activities, each of which is described in the following paragraphs. The following table presents information on our purchases of our own stock, on a monthly basis, for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. Share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the September 2021 three-for-two stock split. 
 Total number of shares purchased Average price per share Number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value (in millions) at each month-end, of securities that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs October 1, 2020 October 31, 2020 1,806 53.36 487 November 1, 2020 November 30, 2020 139,838 60.33 487 December 1, 2020 December 31, 2020 175,139 62.01 161,625 740 First quarter 316,783 61.23 161,625 January 1, 2021 January 31, 2021 3,602 66.71 740 February 1, 2021 February 28, 2021 10,412 66.62 740 March 1, 2021 March 31, 2021 752,640 80.03 750,000 680 Second quarter 766,654 79.79 750,000 April 1, 2021 April 30, 2021 1,331 85.94 680 May 1, 2021 May 31, 2021 680 June 1, 2021 June 30, 2021 562,500 85.70 562,500 632 Third quarter 563,831 85.70 562,500 July 1, 2021 July 31, 2021 1,217 86.71 632 August 1, 2021 August 31, 2021 114 90.55 632 September 1, 2021 September 30, 2021 632 Fourth quarter 1,331 87.04 Fiscal year total 1,648,599 78.24 1,474,125 
 
 In the preceding table, the total number of shares purchased includes shares purchased pursuant to the Restricted Stock Trust Fund, which was established to acquire our common stock in the open market and used to settle restricted stock units RSUs granted as a retention vehicle for certain employees of our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiaries. For more information on this trust fund, see Note 2 and Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. These activities do not utilize the repurchase authorization presented in the preceding table. 
 
 The total number of shares purchased also includes shares repurchased as a result of employees surrendering shares as payment for option exercises or withholding taxes. These activities do not utilize the repurchase authorization presented in the preceding table. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

36 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 INDEX PAGE Introduction 38 
 Executive overview 38 
 Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures 40 
 Segments 42 
 Net interest analysis 42 
 Results of Operations Private Client Group 44 
 Capital Markets 48 
 Asset Management 
 50 
 Raymond James Bank 53 
 Other 54 
 Certain statistical disclosures by bank holding companies 55 
 Statement of financial condition analysis 55 
 Liquidity and capital resources 56 
 Regulatory 61 
 Critical accounting estimates 61 
 Recent accounting developments 62 
 Risk management 62 

37 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand the results of our operations and financial condition. This MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. Where NM is used in various percentage change computations, the computed percentage change has been determined to be not meaningful. 
 
 We operate as a financial holding company and bank holding company. Results in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to general economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the U.S. equity and fixed income markets, changes in interest rates, market volatility, corporate and mortgage lending markets and commercial and residential credit trends. Overall market conditions, economic, political and regulatory trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control. These factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants, including investors, borrowers, and competitors, impacting their level of participation in the financial markets. These factors also impact the level of investment banking activity and asset valuations, which ultimately affect our business results. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 compared with the year ended September 30, 2020 
 
 We generated strong results for fiscal 2021, with net revenues of 9.76 billion, an increase of 22 compared with the prior year, and pre-tax income of 1.79 billion, an increase of 70 . During fiscal 2021, pre-tax margin increased in all of our operating segments and we generated particularly strong results in our PCG, Capital Markets and Asset Management segments. Our net income of 1.40 billion was 72 higher than the prior year, and our earnings per diluted share of 6.63 (1) , which reflected the impact of a 3-for-2 stock split in September 2021, increased 71 . Our return on equity ROE was 18.4 , compared with 11.9 for the prior year, and return on tangible common equity ROTCE was 20.4 (2) , compared with 13.0 (2) for the prior year. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we completed a 750 million, 30-year senior notes offering at 3.75 , utilizing the proceeds from the offering and cash on hand to early-redeem our 250 million of 5.625 senior notes due 2024 and our 500 million of 3.625 senior notes due 2026. We recognized losses on the extinguishment of such notes of 98 million. Excluding these losses and acquisition-related expenses of 19 million, our adjusted net income was 1.49 billion (2) , an increase of 74 compared with adjusted net income for the prior year. Adjusted earnings per diluted share were 7.05 (1)(2) , a 73 increase compared with adjusted earnings per diluted share of 4.08 (1)(2) for the prior year. Our adjusted ROE was 19.5 (2) , compared with 12.5 (2) for the prior year, and adjusted ROTCE was 21.6 (2) , compared with 13.6 (2) for the prior year. 
 
 The significant increase in net revenues compared with the prior year was driven by higher asset management and related administrative fees, largely attributable to higher PCG assets in fee-based accounts, as well as strong investment banking revenues and brokerage revenues. Revenues in the current year also included 74 million of private equity valuation gains, of which 25 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests and were offset in other expenses, compared with 28 million of losses in the prior year, of which 20 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests. Offsetting these increases was the negative impact of lower short-term interest rates on our net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks. 
 
 Compensation, commissions and benefits expense increased 1.12 billion, or 20 , primarily resulting from the growth in revenues and pre-tax income compared with the prior year. Our compensation ratio, or the ratio of compensation, commissions and benefits expense to net revenues, decreased to 67.4 compared with 68.4 for the prior year. The decrease in our compensation ratio primarily resulted from higher revenues and changes in our revenue mix due to strong net revenues in our Capital Markets segment, which had a lower compensation ratio at 56 than our PCG segment, and the private equity valuation gains which have no associated direct compensation. Our compensation ratio also benefited from expense management initiatives. 

(1) During our fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 the Board of Directors approved a 3-for-2 stock split, effected in the form of a 50 stock dividend, paid on September 21, 2021. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect this stock split. 
 
 (2) ROTCE, Adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted ROE and adjusted ROTCE are each non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in this MD A for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and for other important disclosures. 
 
 38 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Non-compensation expenses decreased 87 million, or 6 , primarily due to a 265 million decrease in the bank loan provision for credit losses, which was a benefit of 32 million in the current year computed under the current expected credit loss CECL methodology compared with a provision of 233 million in the prior year computed under the incurred loss methodology. Non-compensation expenses also decreased as a result of 46 million of expenses in the prior year related to a reduction in workforce, which did not recur in the current year, as well as a decrease in business development expenses due to lower travel and event-related expenses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. These decreases were partially offset by the aforementioned losses on extinguishment of debt of 98 million in the current year, and an increase in other expenses, primarily due to the change in private equity valuations attributable to noncontrolling interests compared with the prior year. 
 
 Our effective income tax rate was 21.7 for fiscal 2021, a decrease compared with the 22.2 effective tax rate for fiscal 2020, primarily due to an increase in non-taxable gains on our corporate-owned life insurance portfolio. 
 
 Liquidity and capital remained strong. As of September 30, 2021, our total capital ratio of 26.2 and tier 1 leverage ratio of 12.6 were each more than double the regulatory requirements to be considered well-capitalized. We also continued to have substantial liquidity, with 1.16 billion (1) of cash at the parent company, which includes parent cash loaned to RJ A. We expect to continue to be opportunistic in deploying our capital in fiscal 2022, through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions, as evidenced by our fiscal 2021 acquisitions of NWPS Holdings, Inc., Financo, LLC, and Cebile Capital, and the announced acquisitions of Charles Stanley Group PLC and TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. which we expect to close in fiscal 2022. Pursuant to our Board of Directors share repurchase authorization, we repurchased 1.5 million (2) shares of common stock during fiscal 2021 for 118 million, leaving 632 million of availability remaining under the authorization as of September 30, 2021. However, due to regulatory restrictions following our announced acquisition of TriState Capital Holdings, we do not expect to repurchase shares until after closing. 
 
 We remain well-positioned entering fiscal 2022, with nearly 1.2 trillion of client assets under administration, strong activity levels for financial advisory recruiting, and a strong investment banking pipeline. However, we expect to continue to face headwinds from near-zero short-term interest rates and economic uncertainty, including that arising from inflation, supply chain complications and uncertainty around U.S. economic policy. In addition, although the economy has improved since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the pace of recovery in the future is uncertain due to concerns related to the pandemic, including the spread of the Delta variant and other variants, vaccine distribution, and vaccine rates. As a result, we may experience volatility in brokerage and investment banking revenues, which may negatively impact our ability to sustain the level of revenues in future periods which were achieved in fiscal 2021. Although our results during the year were positively impacted by a benefit for credit losses related to our bank loan portfolio, net loan growth and/or future market deterioration could result in increased provisions in future periods. In addition, we expect that expenses will continue to increase in fiscal 2022, as business and event-related travel increase and as we continue to make investments in our people and technology to support our growth. 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 compared with the year ended September 30, 2019 
 
 Refer to Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2020 Form 10-K for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019. 

(1) For additional information, please see the Liquidity and capital resources - Sources of liquidity section in this MD A. 
 
 (2) During our fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 the Board of Directors approved a 3-for-2 stock split, effected in the form of a 50 stock dividend, paid on September 21, 2021. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect this stock split. 
 
 39 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES TO GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 We utilize certain non-GAAP financial measures as additional measures to aid in, and enhance, the understanding of our financial results and related measures. These non-GAAP financial measures include adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted ROE, ROTCE, and adjusted ROTCE. We believe certain of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to management and investors by excluding certain material items that may not be indicative of our core operating results. We utilize these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing the financial performance of the business, as they facilitate a meaningful comparison of current- and prior-period results. We believe that ROTCE is meaningful to investors as this measure facilitates comparison of our results to the results of other companies. In the following tables, the tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments reflects the statutory rate associated with each non-GAAP item. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures of other companies. The following tables provide a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for the periods indicated. 
 Year ended September 30, in millions, except per share amounts 2021 2020 Net income 
 1,403 818 Non-GAAP adjustments: Losses on extinguishment of debt 98 Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 
 19 7 Reduction in workforce expenses 46 Pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments 117 53 Tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments 
 (28) (13) Total non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax 
 89 40 Adjusted net income 
 1,492 858 Earnings per diluted share 6.63 3.88 Non-GAAP adjustments: Losses on extinguishment of debt 0.46 Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 0.09 0.03 Reduction in workforce expenses 0.22 Pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments 0.55 0.25 Tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (0.13) (0.05) Total non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax 0.42 0.20 Adjusted earnings per diluted share 7.05 4.08 

40 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Year ended September 30, in millions 2021 2020 Return on equity Average equity 7,635 6,860 Impact on average equity of non-GAAP adjustments: Losses on extinguishment of debt 39 Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 6 1 Reduction in workforce expenses 9 Pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments 45 10 Tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments 
 (11) (2) Total non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax 
 34 8 Adjusted average equity 
 7,669 6,868 Average equity 7,635 6,860 Less : 
 Average goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net 809 605 Average deferred tax liabilities, net (53) (31) Average tangible common equity 6,879 6,286 Impact on average tangible common equity of non-GAAP adjustments : 
 Losses on extinguishment of debt 39 Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 6 1 Reduction in workforce expenses 9 Pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments 45 10 Tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (11) (2) Total non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax 34 8 Adjusted average tangible common equity 6,913 6,294 Return on equity 
 18.4 11.9 Adjusted return on equity 
 19.5 12.5 Return on tangible common equity 20.4 13.0 Adjusted return on tangible common equity 21.6 13.6 
 
 Tangible common equity is computed by subtracting goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net, along with the associated deferred tax liabilities, from total equity attributable to RJF. Average equity is computed by adding the total equity attributable to RJF as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total and dividing by five, or in the case of average tangible common equity, computed by adding tangible common equity as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of year total, and dividing by five. Adjusted average equity is computed by adjusting for the impact on average equity of the non-GAAP adjustments, as applicable for each respective period. Adjusted average tangible common equity is computed by adjusting for the impact on average tangible common equity of the non-GAAP adjustments, as applicable for each respective period. 
 
 ROE is computed by dividing net income by average equity for each respective period or, in the case of ROTCE, computed by dividing net income by average tangible common equity for each respective period. Adjusted ROE is computed by dividing adjusted net income by adjusted average equity for each respective period, or in the case of adjusted ROTCE, computed by dividing adjusted net income by adjusted average tangible common equity for each respective period. 

41 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

SEGMENTS 
 
 The following table presents our consolidated and segment net revenues and pre-tax income/(loss) for the years indicated. 
 Year ended September 30, change in millions 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs. 2020 2020 vs. 2019 Total company Net revenues 9,760 7,990 7,740 22 3 Pre-tax income 
 1,791 1,052 1,375 70 (23) Private Client Group Net revenues 6,611 5,552 5,359 19 4 Pre-tax income 749 539 579 39 (7) Capital Markets Net revenues 1,885 1,291 1,083 46 19 Pre-tax income 532 225 110 136 105 Asset Management Net revenues 867 715 691 21 3 Pre-tax income 389 284 253 37 12 Raymond James Bank Net revenues 672 765 846 (12) (10) Pre-tax income 367 196 515 87 (62) Other Net revenues (8) (82) 5 90 NM Pre-tax loss (246) (192) (82) (28) (134) Intersegment eliminations Net revenues (267) (251) (244) (6) (3) 

NET INTEREST ANALYSIS 
 
 The following table presents the high, low and end of period target federal funds rates for our fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Target federal funds rate Twelve months ended: Low High End of period September 30, 2021 0.00 0.25 0 - 0.25 September 30, 2020 0.00 2.00 0 - 0.25 September 30, 2019 1.75 2.50 1.75 - 2.00 
 
 In response to macroeconomic concerns resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve decreased its benchmark short-term interest rate in March 2020 to a range of 0-0.25 , a decrease of 150 basis points. These decreases, as well as the interest rate cuts implemented in calendar 2019 (225 basis points in total) have negatively impacted our net interest income, as well as the fees we earn from third-party banks on client cash balances swept to such banks as part of the RJBDP which are also sensitive to changes in interest rates. The negative impact of the decline in short-term interest rates has outweighed the growth in average interest-earning assets and average RJBDP balances swept to third-party banks compared with the prior year. We expect the current near-zero interest rate environment to continue into fiscal 2022. 
 
 Given the relationship between our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities (primarily held in our PCG, Raymond James Bank and Other segments) and the nature of fees we earn from third-party banks on the RJBDP, decreases in short-term interest rates generally result in an overall decrease in our net earnings, although the magnitude of the impact to our net interest margin depends on the yields on interest-earning assets relative to the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, including deposit rates paid to clients on their cash balances. Conversely, any increases in short-term interest rates and/or decreases in the deposit rates paid to clients generally have a positive impact on our earnings. 

42 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Refer to the discussion of the specific components of our net interest income within the Management s Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations of our PCG, Raymond James Bank, and Other segments. Also refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations - Private Client Group - Clients domestic cash sweep balances for further information on the RJBDP. 
 
 The following table presents our consolidated average interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability balances, interest income and expense and the related yields and rates. 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 in millions Average balance Interest Average rate Average balance Interest Average rate Average balance Interest Average rate Interest-earning assets: Cash and cash equivalents 5,561 12 0.21 5,173 41 0.79 3,340 83 2.49 Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash 8,735 15 0.17 3,042 28 0.94 2,399 59 2.47 Available-for-sale securities 
 7,950 85 1.07 4,250 83 1.94 2,872 69 2.39 Brokerage client receivables 2,280 77 3.37 2,232 84 3.77 2,584 122 4.73 Bank loans, net of unearned income and deferred expenses: Loans held for investment: 
 C I loans 
 7,828 201 2.54 7,860 274 3.43 8,050 377 4.62 CRE loans 2,703 70 2.56 2,589 88 3.34 2,311 110 4.68 REIT loans 1,273 32 2.48 1,333 42 3.09 1,381 62 4.43 Tax-exempt loans 
 1,270 34 3.31 1,246 33 3.35 1,284 35 3.36 Residential mortgage loans 
 5,110 140 2.72 4,874 148 3.04 4,091 135 3.30 SBL and other 
 4,989 112 2.22 3,559 112 3.10 3,139 145 4.57 Loans held for sale 
 163 4 2.55 130 5 3.70 151 7 4.73 Total bank loans, net 
 23,336 593 2.55 21,591 702 3.25 20,407 871 4.26 All other interest-earning assets 2,251 41 1.77 2,289 62 2.70 2,967 77 2.60 Total interest-earning assets 50,113 823 1.64 38,577 1,000 2.59 34,569 1,281 3.71 Interest-bearing liabilities: 
 Bank deposits: 
 Savings, money market and Negotiable Order of Withdrawal NOW accounts 28,359 6 0.02 23,629 21 0.09 20,889 120 0.58 Certificates of deposit 
 904 17 1.90 1,006 20 2.03 536 12 2.24 Total bank deposits 29,263 23 0.08 24,635 41 0.17 21,425 132 0.62 Brokerage client payables 10,180 3 0.03 4,179 11 0.28 3,326 21 0.62 Other borrowings 862 19 2.20 892 20 2.24 926 21 2.30 Senior notes payable 2,078 96 4.58 1,800 85 4.72 1,550 73 4.70 All other interest-bearing liabilities 585 9 0.82 795 21 1.99 1,030 36 3.13 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 42,968 150 0.34 32,301 178 0.54 28,257 283 1.00 Net interest income 
 673 822 998 Firmwide net interest margin (net yield on interest-earning assets) 1.35 2.14 2.89 Raymond James Bank net interest margin 1.95 2.63 3.32 
 
 Nonaccrual loans are included in the average loan balances in the preceding table. Any payments received for corporate nonaccrual loans are applied entirely to principal. Interest income on residential mortgage nonaccrual loans is recognized on a cash basis. 
 
 The yield on tax-exempt loans in the preceding table is presented on a tax-equivalent basis utilizing the applicable federal statutory rates for each of the years presented. 

43 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. The following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. The effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous period s average yield/cost. Similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average yield/cost by the previous period s volume. Changes attributable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately. 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 2020 
 2020 compared to 2019 
 Increase/(decrease) due to Increase/(decrease) due to in millions Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest income: Interest-earning assets: Cash and cash equivalents 3 (32) (29) 46 (88) (42) Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash 54 (67) (13) 16 (47) (31) Available-for-sale securities 71 (69) 2 33 (19) 14 Brokerage client receivables 2 (9) (7) (16) (22) (38) Bank loans, net of unearned income and deferred expenses: Loans held for investment: C I loans (1) (72) (73) (9) (94) (103) CRE loans 4 (22) (18) 13 (34) (21) REIT loans (2) (8) (10) (3) (18) (21) Tax-exempt loans 2 (1) 1 (2) (2) Residential mortgage loans 8 (16) (8) 26 (13) 13 SBL and other 45 (45) 19 (52) (33) Loans held for sale 1 (2) (1) (1) (1) (2) Total bank loans, net 57 (166) (109) 43 (212) (169) All other interest-earning assets (1) (20) (21) (18) 3 (15) Total interest-earning assets 186 (363) (177) 104 (385) (281) Interest expense: Interest-bearing liabilities: Bank deposits: Savings, money market and NOW accounts 4 (19) (15) 17 (116) (99) Certificates of deposit (2) (1) (3) 10 (2) 8 Total bank deposits 2 (20) (18) 27 (118) (91) Brokerage client payables 17 (25) (8) 5 (15) (10) Other borrowings (1) (1) (1) (1) Senior notes payable 13 (2) 11 12 12 All other interest-bearing liabilities (9) (3) (12) (8) (7) (15) Total interest-bearing liabilities 22 (50) (28) 35 (140) (105) Change in net interest income 164 (313) (149) 69 (245) (176) 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP 
 
 Through our PCG segment, we provide financial planning, investment advisory and securities transaction services for which we generally charge either asset-based fees (presented in Asset management and related administrative fees or sales commissions (presented in Brokerage revenues ). We also earn revenues for distribution and related support services performed primarily related to mutual funds, fixed and variable annuities and insurance products. Revenues of this segment are typically correlated with the level of PCG client AUA, including fee-based accounts, as well as the overall U.S. equity markets. In periods where equity markets improve, AUA and client activity generally increase, thereby having a favorable impact on net revenues. 
 
 We also earn servicing fees, such as omnibus and education and marketing support fees, from mutual fund and annuity companies whose products we distribute. Servicing fees earned from mutual fund and annuity companies are based on the level of assets, a flat fee or number of positions in such programs. Our PCG segment also earns fees from banks to which we sweep clients cash in the RJBDP, including both third-party banks and Raymond James Bank. Such fees are included in Account 
 
 44 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

and service fees. See Clients domestic cash sweep balances in the Selected key metrics section for further information about fees earned from the RJBDP. 
 
 Net interest income in the PCG segment is primarily generated by interest earnings on margin loans provided to clients and on assets segregated for regulatory purposes, less interest paid on client cash balances in the CIP. Higher client cash balances generally lead to increased interest income, depending on spreads realized in the CIP. For more information on client cash balances, see Clients domestic cash sweep balances in the Selected key metrics section. 
 
 For an overview of our PCG segment operations, refer to the information presented in Item 1 - Business of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Operating results 
 Year ended September 30, change in millions 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs. 2020 
 2020 vs. 2019 
 Revenues: Asset management and related administrative fees 
 4,056 3,162 2,820 28 12 Brokerage revenues: 
 Mutual and other fund products 670 567 599 18 (5) Insurance and annuity products 438 397 412 10 (4) Equities, ETFs and fixed income products 438 419 378 5 11 Total brokerage revenues 1,546 1,383 1,389 12 Account and service fees: 
 Mutual fund and annuity service fees 408 348 334 17 4 RJBDP fees: Third-party banks 76 150 280 (49) (46) Raymond James Bank 183 180 173 2 4 Client account and other fees 157 129 122 22 6 Total account and service fees 824 807 909 2 (11) Investment banking 
 47 41 32 15 28 Interest income 
 123 155 225 (21) (31) All other 
 25 27 26 (7) 4 Total revenues 6,621 5,575 5,401 19 3 Interest expense 
 (10) (23) (42) (57) (45) Net revenues 6,611 5,552 5,359 19 4 Non-interest expenses: Financial advisor compensation and benefits 4,204 3,428 3,190 23 7 Administrative compensation and benefits 1,015 971 933 5 4 Total compensation, commissions and benefits 5,219 4,399 4,123 19 7 Non-compensation expenses: 
 Communications and information processing 275 251 235 10 7 Occupancy and equipment 179 175 168 2 4 Business development 71 79 124 (10) (36) Professional fees 46 33 33 39 All other 72 76 97 (5) (22) Total non-compensation expenses 643 614 657 5 (7) Total non-interest expenses 5,862 5,013 4,780 17 5 Pre-tax income 749 539 579 39 (7) 

45 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Selected key metrics 
 
 PCG client asset balances 
 As of September 30, in billions 2021 2020 2019 AUA 1,115.4 883.3 798.4 Assets in fee-based accounts (1) 
 627.1 475.3 409.1 Percent of AUA in fee-based accounts 
 56.2 53.8 51.2 
 (1) A portion of our Assets in fee-based accounts is invested in managed programs overseen by our Asset Management segment, specifically AMS. These assets are included in our Financial assets under management as disclosed in the Selected key metrics section of our Management s Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations - Asset Management. 
 
 Fee-based accounts within our PCG segment are comprised of a wide array of products and programs that we offer our clients. The majority of assets in fee-based accounts within our PCG segment are invested in programs for which our financial advisors provide investment advisory services, either on a discretionary or non-discretionary basis. Administrative services for such accounts (e.g., record-keeping) are generally performed by our Asset Management segment and, as a result, a portion of the related revenue is shared with the Asset Management segment. 
 
 We also offer our clients fee-based accounts that are invested in managed programs overseen by AMS, which is part of our Asset Management segment. Fee-billable assets invested in managed programs are included in both Assets in fee-based accounts in the preceding table and Financial assets under management in the Asset Management segment. Revenues related to managed programs are shared by our PCG and Asset Management segments. The Asset Management segment receives a higher portion of the revenues related to accounts invested in managed programs, as compared to the portion received for non-managed programs, as it is performing portfolio management services in addition to administrative services. 
 
 The vast majority of the revenues we earn from fee-based accounts are recorded in Asset management and related administrative fees on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. Fees received from such accounts are based on the value of client assets in fee-based accounts and vary based on the specific account types in which the client invests and the level of assets in the client relationship. As fees for substantially all of such accounts are billed based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter, revenues from fee-based accounts may not be immediately affected by changes in asset values, but rather the impacts are seen in the following quarter. Assets in fee-based accounts in this segment increased 2 as of September 30, 2021 compared with June 30, 2021, which we expect will have a favorable impact on our related revenues in our fiscal first quarter of 2022. 
 
 PCG AUA increased compared to the prior year due to equity market appreciation, the net addition of financial advisors, as well as net inflows of client assets. In addition, PCG assets in fee-based accounts continued to increase as a percentage of overall PCG AUA due to clients increased preference for fee-based alternatives versus transaction-based accounts. As a result of the shift to fee-based accounts over the past several years, a larger portion of our PCG revenues are more directly impacted by market movements. 
 
 Financial advisors September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Employees 3,461 3,404 3,301 Independent contractors 5,021 
 4,835 4,710 Total advisors 8,482 8,239 8,011 
 
 The number of financial advisors increased from prior years due to a combination of strong retention and recruiting of financial advisors, as well as new trainees that were moved into production roles, partially offset by the impact of advisors who left the firm, including planned retirements, where assets are generally retained at the firm. The growth in the number of financial advisors has been negatively impacted by the transfer of advisors who were previously affiliated with the firm as independent contractors or employees to our RCS division. Advisors in RCS are not included in the financial advisor count, although their assets of 92.7 billion are included in client AUA. The recruiting pipeline remains robust across our affiliation options despite an increasingly competitive recruiting environment. 

46 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Clients domestic cash sweep balances 
 As of September 30, in millions 2021 2020 2019 RJBDP Raymond James Bank 31,410 25,599 21,649 Third-party banks 24,496 25,998 14,043 Subtotal RJBDP 55,906 51,597 35,692 CIP 10,762 3,999 2,022 Total clients domestic cash sweep balances 66,668 55,596 37,714 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Average yield on RJBDP - third-party banks 
 0.30 0.77 1.88 
 
 A significant portion of our clients cash is included in the RJBDP, a multi-bank sweep program in which clients cash deposits in their accounts are swept into interest-bearing deposit accounts at Raymond James Bank and various third-party banks. We earn servicing fees for the administrative services we provide related to our clients deposits that are swept to such banks as part of the RJBDP. The amounts from third-party banks are variable in nature and fluctuate based on client cash balances in the program, as well as the level of short-term interest rates and the interest paid to clients by the third-party banks on balances in the RJBDP. The Average yield on RJBDP - third party banks in the preceding table is computed by dividing RJBDP fees from third-party banks, which are net of the interest expense paid to clients by the third-party banks, by the average daily RJBDP balance at third-party banks. The average yield on RJBDP - third-party banks decreased compared with the prior year to 0.30 , as the current year reflected a full year of near-zero short-term interest rates. If demand for deposits from third-party banks does not improve from current levels, this yield could further decline, particularly in the second half of fiscal 2022. The PCG segment also earns RJBDP servicing fees from the Raymond James Bank segment, which are based on the number of accounts that are swept to Raymond James Bank. The fees from the Raymond James Bank segment are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 PCG segment results are impacted by changes in the allocation of client cash balances in RJBDP between Raymond James Bank and third-party banks. PCG segment results are also impacted by changes in the allocation of cash balances between RJBDP and CIP, as the net yield to the firm on cash balances in CIP (i.e., the spread between amounts earned on assets segregated for regulatory purposes and the interest paid to clients on CIP balances) is lower than the yield to the firm on RJBDP balances, on average. 
 
 Client cash balances remained elevated as of September 30, 2021, as a result of a number of factors, including the continuing economic uncertainty caused, in part, by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as uncertainty related to the nature and timing of policy changes that may be put forth by the federal government administration. As we continued to experience growing cash balances and less demand from third-party banks in the RJBDP during fiscal 2021, cash held in CIP increased significantly, also driving an increase in our segregated asset balances. 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 compared with the year ended September 30, 2020 
 
 Net revenues of 6.61 billion increased 1.06 billion, or 19 , and pre-tax income of 749 million increased 210 million, or 39 . 
 
 Asset management and related administrative fees increased 894 million, or 28 , primarily due to higher assets in fee-based accounts at the beginning of each of the current-year quarterly billing periods compared with the prior-year quarterly billing periods. 
 
 Brokerage revenues increased 163 million, or 12 , primarily due to higher trailing revenues from mutual and other fund products and annuity products, resulting from higher average asset values, as well as higher transactional revenues due to increased client activity. 
 
 Account and service fees increased 17 million, or 2 , primarily due to an increase in mutual fund service fees, primarily resulting from higher average mutual fund assets, as well as incremental client account and other fees resulting from our acquisition of NWPS at the end of our fiscal first quarter of 2021. Partially offsetting these increases was a decline in RJBDP fees from third-party banks as a result of lower short-term interest rates. 
 
 47 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Net interest income decreased 19 million, or 14 , driven by a decline in interest income due to lower short-term interest rates, which more than offset the impact of higher average asset balances. In addition, our CIP balances increased significantly compared with the prior year resulting in an increase in segregated assets, and a significant portion of the increase was held in segregated short-term U.S. Treasury securities at very low interest rates. Partially offsetting the impact of the decrease in interest income, interest expense also decreased, despite the significant increase in client cash balances in our CIP, due to the impact of lower deposit rates paid on these balances. 
 
 Compensation-related expenses increased 820 million, or 19 , primarily due to higher compensable net revenues. 
 
 Non-compensation expenses increased 29 million, or 5 , largely due to higher communications and information processing expenses primarily due to ongoing upgrades to our technology platforms, as well as higher professional fees largely due to an increase in external legal fees and consulting expenses. Partially offsetting these increases was a decline in business development expenses due to limited travel and event-related expenses during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 compared with the year ended September 30, 2019 
 
 Refer to Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2020 Form 10-K for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS CAPITAL MARKETS 
 
 Our Capital Markets segment conducts investment banking, institutional sales, securities trading, the syndication and management of investments in low-income housing funds, the majority of which qualify for tax credits, and equity research. 
 
 We provide various investment banking services, including underwriting or advisory services on public and private equity and debt financing for corporate clients, public financing activities, merger acquisition advisory, and other advisory services. Revenues from investment banking activities are driven principally by our role in the transaction and the number and sizes of the transactions with which we are involved. 
 
 We earn brokerage revenues for the sale of both equity and fixed income products to institutional clients. Client activity is influenced by a combination of general market activity and our Capital Markets group s ability to find attractive investment opportunities for clients. In certain cases, we transact on a principal basis, which involves the purchase of securities from, and the sale of securities to, our clients as well as other dealers who may be purchasing or selling securities for their own account or acting on behalf of their clients. Profits and losses related to this activity are primarily derived from the spreads between bid and ask prices, as well as market trends for the individual securities during the period we hold them. To facilitate such transactions, we carry inventories of financial instruments. In our fixed income businesses, we also enter into interest rate swaps and futures contracts to facilitate client transactions or to actively manage risk exposures. 
 
 For an overview of our Capital Markets segment operations, refer to the information presented in Item 1 - Business of this Form 10-K. 

48 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Operating results 
 Year ended September 30, change in millions 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs. 2020 2020 vs. 2019 Revenues: Brokerage revenues: 
 Fixed income 515 421 283 22 49 Equity 145 150 131 (3) 15 Total brokerage revenues 
 660 571 414 16 38 Investment banking: 
 Merger acquisition and advisory 639 290 379 120 (23) Equity underwriting 285 185 100 54 85 Debt underwriting 172 133 85 29 56 Total investment banking 
 1,096 608 564 80 8 Interest income 
 16 25 38 (36) (34) Tax credit fund revenues 
 105 83 86 27 (3) All other 
 18 20 15 (10) 33 Total revenues 1,895 1,307 1,117 45 17 Interest expense 
 (10) (16) (34) (38) (53) Net revenues 1,885 1,291 1,083 46 19 Non-interest expenses: 
 Compensation, commissions and benefits 
 1,055 774 665 36 16 Non-compensation expenses: 
 Communications and information processing 
 83 77 75 8 3 Occupancy and equipment 37 36 35 3 3 Business development 
 34 47 48 (28) (2) Professional fees 
 54 48 45 13 7 Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 
 6 7 15 (14) (53) Goodwill impairment 
 19 (100) All other 
 84 77 71 9 8 Total non-compensation expenses 
 298 292 308 2 (5) Total non-interest expenses 
 1,353 1,066 973 27 10 Pre-tax income 
 532 225 110 136 105 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 compared with the year ended September 30, 2020 
 
 Net revenues of 1.89 billion increased 594 million, or 46 , and pre-tax income of 532 million increased 307 million, or 136 . 
 
 Investment banking revenues increased 488 million, or 80 , due to a significant increase in merger acquisition and advisory revenues and, to a lesser extent, underwriting revenues. The significant increase in merger acquisition and advisory revenues reflected larger individual transactions and an increase in the number of transactions, as the current year reflected high levels of client activity throughout the year, while the prior year was impacted by lower levels of client activity during the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Equity underwriting revenues also increased significantly, primarily due to an increase in market activity in both the U.S. and Canada. An increase in debt underwriting primarily resulted from higher revenues from corporate underwritings. In addition to the strong results during the current year, our investment banking pipelines remain strong at the beginning of fiscal 2022 and, in part, reflect the results of investments we have made over the past several years, which have positioned us to enhance our services to our clients. The most recent examples of such investments are our acquisitions of Financo and Cebile, which closed during fiscal 2021. 
 
 Brokerage revenues increased 89 million, or 16 , due to a significant increase in fixed income brokerage revenues as a result of higher levels of client activity throughout the current year. The significant increase in client activity levels, particularly with depository institution clients, began toward the end of our fiscal second quarter of fiscal 2020, but were more sustained throughout fiscal 2021. We expect fixed income brokerage revenues to remain solid in fiscal 2022 driven in large part by anticipated continued demand from depository clients. 
 
 Compensation-related expenses increased 281 million, or 36 , primarily due to the increase in net revenues. 

49 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Non-compensation expenses increased 6 million, or 2 , primarily due to an increase in various expense categories as a result of growth in the business. These increases were partially offset by lower travel and event-related expenses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Acquisition and disposition-related expenses were flat year-over-year, as the current year included 6 million of amortization expense related to intangible assets with short useful lives associated with our Financo and Cebile acquisitions, while the prior year included a 7 million loss related to the disposition of our interests in certain entities that operated predominantly in France. 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 compared with the year ended September 30, 2019 
 
 Refer to Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2020 Form 10-K for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
 
 Our Asset Management segment earns asset management and related administrative fees for providing asset management, portfolio management and related administrative services to retail and institutional clients. This segment oversees the portion of our fee-based AUA invested in managed programs for our PCG clients through AMS and through RJ Trust. This segment also provides asset management services through Carillon Tower Advisers for retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts or proprietary mutual funds that we manage, generally utilizing active portfolio management strategies. Asset management fees are based on fee-billable AUM, which are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets. Rising equity markets have historically had a positive impact on revenues as existing accounts increase in value. 
 
 Our Asset Management segment also earns administrative fees on certain fee-based assets within PCG that are not overseen by our Asset Management segment, but for which the segment provides administrative support (e.g., record-keeping). These administrative fees are based on asset balances, which are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets. For an overview of our Asset Management segment operations, refer to the information presented in Item 1 - Business of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Operating results 
 Year ended September 30, change in millions 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs. 2020 2020 vs. 2019 Revenues: Asset management and related administrative fees: 
 Managed programs 
 570 481 467 19 3 Administration and other 
 267 207 178 29 16 Total asset management and related administrative fees 
 837 688 645 22 7 Account and service fees 
 18 16 31 13 (48) All other 12 11 15 9 (27) Net revenues 867 715 691 21 3 Non-interest expenses: Compensation, commissions and benefits 
 182 177 179 3 (1) Non-compensation expenses: 
 Communications and information processing 
 47 45 44 4 2 Investment sub-advisory fees 
 127 99 93 28 6 All other 
 122 110 122 11 (10) Total non-compensation expenses 296 254 259 17 (2) Total non-interest expenses 478 431 438 11 (2) Pre-tax income 
 389 284 253 37 12 

50 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Selected key metrics 
 
 Managed programs 
 
 Management fees recorded in our Asset Management segment are generally calculated as a percentage of the value of our fee-billable AUM. These AUM include the portion of fee-based AUA in our PCG segment that is invested in programs overseen by our Asset Management segment (included in the AMS line of the following table), as well as retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and proprietary mutual funds that we manage (collectively included in the Carillon Tower Advisers line of the following table). 
 
 Revenues related to fee-based AUA in our PCG segment are shared by the PCG and Asset Management segments, the amount of which depends on whether clients are invested in assets that are in managed programs overseen by our Asset Management segment and the administrative services provided (see our Management s Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations - Private Client Group for more information). Our AUM in AMS are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets, including transfers between fee-based accounts and transaction-based accounts within our PCG segment. 
 
 Revenues earned by Carillon Tower Advisers for retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and our proprietary mutual funds are recorded entirely in the Asset Management segment. Our AUM in Carillon Tower Advisers are impacted by market and investment performance and net inflows or outflows of assets. 
 
 Fees for our managed programs are generally collected quarterly. Approximately 65 of these fees are based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter, approximately 10 are based on balances as of the end of the quarter, and approximately 25 are based on average daily balances throughout the quarter. 
 
 Financial assets under management 
 September 30, in billions 2021 2020 2019 AMS (1) 
 134.4 102.2 91.8 Carillon Tower Advisers 
 67.8 59.5 58.5 Subtotal financial assets under management 
 202.2 161.7 150.3 Less: Assets managed for affiliated entities 
 (10.3) (8.6) (7.2) Total financial assets under management 
 191.9 153.1 143.1 
 
 (1) Represents the portion of our PCG segment fee-based AUA (as disclosed in Assets in fee-based accounts in the Selected key metrics - PCG client asset balances section of our Management s Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations - Private Client Group that is invested in managed programs overseen by the Asset Management segment. 
 
 Activity (including activity in assets managed for affiliated entities) 
 Year ended September 30, in billions 2021 2020 2019 Financial assets under management at beginning of year 161.7 150.3 146.6 Carillon Tower Advisers - net outflows (0.5) (5.4) (5.8) AMS - net inflows 13.5 6.1 6.0 Net market appreciation in asset values 27.5 10.7 3.5 Financial assets under management at end of year 202.2 161.7 150.3 
 
 AMS 
 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations - Private Client Group for further information about our retail client assets, including those fee-based assets invested in programs managed by AMS. 

51 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Carillon Tower Advisers 
 
 Assets managed by Carillon Tower Advisers include assets managed by its subsidiaries and affiliates: Eagle Asset Management, Scout Investments, Reams Asset Management (a division of Scout Investments), ClariVest Asset Management and Cougar Global Investments. The following table presents Carillon Tower Advisers AUM by objective, excluding assets for which it does not exercise discretion, as well as the approximate average client fee rate earned on such assets. 
 
 in billions September 30, 2021 Average fee rate Equity 30.1 0.52 Fixed income 31.6 0.18 Balanced 6.1 0.35 Total financial assets under management 67.8 0.35 
 
 Non-discretionary asset-based programs 
 
 The following table includes assets held in certain non-discretionary asset-based programs for which the Asset Management segment does not exercise discretion but provides administrative support (including for affiliated entities). The vast majority of these assets are also included in our PCG segment fee-based AUA (as disclosed in Assets in fee-based accounts in the Selected key metrics - PCG client asset balances section of our Management s Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations - Private Client Group ). 
 Year ended September 30, in billions 2021 2020 2019 Total assets 365.3 280.6 229.7 
 
 The increase in assets over the prior year was primarily due to equity market appreciation, successful financial advisor recruiting and retention, and the continued trend of clients moving to fee-based accounts from transaction-based accounts. Administrative fees associated with these programs are predominantly based on balances at the beginning of the quarter. 
 
 RJ Trust 
 
 The following table includes assets held in asset-based programs in RJ Trust (including those managed for affiliated entities). 
 Year ended September 30, in billions 2021 2020 2019 Total assets 8.1 7.1 6.6 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 compared with the year ended September 30, 2020 
 
 Net revenues of 867 million increased 152 million, or 21 , and pre-tax income of 389 million increased 105 million, or 37 . 
 
 Asset management and related administrative fees increased 149 million, or 22 , driven by higher average AUM and higher assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs compared with the prior year, resulting from equity market appreciation and net inflows at AMS. While Carillon Tower Advisers continued to be negatively impacted by the industry shift from actively managed investment strategies to passive investment strategies, its net outflows for the year were much lower than in prior years. Beginning October 1, 2021, AMS will receive a lower portion of the client fee on certain managed fee-based products offered to PCG clients through AMS. Based on balances as of September 30, 2021, these changes are expected to result in an approximately 35 million annual reduction in asset management and related administrative fees in the Asset Management segment and an approximately 25 million reduction in firmwide pre-tax income. 
 
 Compensation expenses increased 5 million, or 3 , and included the impact of higher net revenues. Non-compensation expenses increased 42 million, or 17 , primarily due to increases in investment sub-advisory fees, resulting from an increase in AUM in sub-advised programs, and an increase in platform fees. 

52 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the year ended September 30, 2019 
 
 Refer to Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2020 Form 10-K for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS RAYMOND JAMES BANK 
 
 Raymond James Bank provides various types of loans, including corporate loans, tax-exempt loans, residential loans, SBL and other loans. Raymond James Bank is active in corporate loan syndications and participations and also provides FDIC-insured deposit accounts, including to clients of our broker-dealer subsidiaries. Raymond James Bank generates net interest income principally through the interest income earned on loans and an investment portfolio of available-for-sale securities, which is offset by the interest expense it pays on client deposits and on its borrowings. Raymond James Bank s net interest income is affected by the levels of interest rates, interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Higher interest-earning asset balances and higher interest rates generally lead to increased net interest income, depending upon spreads realized on interest-bearing liabilities. For more information on average interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability balances and the related interest income and expense, see the following discussion in this MD A. For an overview of our Raymond James Bank segment operations, refer to the information presented in Item 1- Business of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Operating results 
 Year ended September 30, change in millions 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs. 2020 2020 vs. 2019 Revenues: Interest income 684 800 975 (15) (18) Interest expense (42) (62) (155) (32) (60) Net interest income 642 738 820 (13) (10) All other 30 27 26 11 4 Net revenues 672 765 846 (12) (10) Non-interest expenses: Compensation and benefits 
 51 51 49 4 Non-compensation expenses: 
 Bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses (32) 233 22 NM 959 RJBDP fees to PCG 
 183 180 173 2 4 All other 
 103 105 87 (2) 21 Total non-compensation expenses 254 518 282 (51) 84 Total non-interest expenses 305 569 331 (46) 72 Pre-tax income 367 196 515 87 (62) 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 compared with the year ended September 30, 2020 
 
 Net revenues of 672 million decreased 93 million, or 12 , while pre-tax income of 367 million increased 171 million, or 87 . 
 
 Net interest income decreased 96 million, or 13 , as the negative impact from lower short-term interest rates more than offset the impact of higher average interest-earning assets. The increase in average interest-earning assets was primarily driven by growth in the available-for-sale securities portfolio and securities-based loans to PCG clients. The net interest margin decreased to 1.95 from 2.63 for the prior year, primarily due to the relatively low short-term interest rates throughout fiscal 2021 compared to only a partial year of such low rates in fiscal 2020, as well as a higher concentration of agency-backed available-for-sale securities, which have a lower yield on average than loans. Based on current interest rates and our current asset mix, we expect our net interest margin to approximate 1.90 for the first half of fiscal 2022. 
 
 The bank loan benefit for credit losses was 32 million in the current year, which was calculated under the CECL model, compared with a provision for credit losses of 233 million in the prior year, which was calculated under the incurred loss model. The current year benefit reflected improved economic forecasts used in our CECL model since our adoption of CECL on October 1, 2020, including improved outlooks on unemployment, gross domestic product and property price indices, as well as improved credit ratings within our corporate loan portfolio, partially offset by provisions for credit losses related to loan growth. We plan to continue to grow our bank loan portfolio in fiscal 2022, which we expect will result in an increased 
 
 53 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

provision for credit losses in future periods, absent further improvement in our economic forecasts. The provision for credit losses in the prior year was significant due to the rapid and widespread economic deterioration and uncertainty caused by the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as charge-offs on certain corporate loans sold during the prior year primarily driven by our credit risk mitigation activities. 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the year ended September 30, 2019 
 
 Refer to Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2020 Form 10-K for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OTHER 
 
 This segment includes our private equity investments, interest income on certain corporate cash balances, certain acquisition-related expenses, and certain corporate overhead costs of RJF, including the interest costs on our public debt and any losses on extinguishment of such debt. The Other segment also includes the reduction in workforce expenses, primarily the result of the elimination of certain positions, that occurred in our fiscal fourth quarter of 2020 in response to the economic environment at that time. For an overview of our Other segment operations, refer to the information presented in Item 1 - Business of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Operating results 
 Year ended September 30, change in millions 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs. 2020 2020 vs. 2019 Revenues: Interest income 8 30 63 (73) (52) Gains/(losses) on private equity investments 74 (28) 14 NM NM All other 6 4 3 50 33 Total revenues 88 6 80 1,367 (93) Interest expense (96) (88) (75) 9 17 Net revenues (8) (82) 5 90 NM Non-interest expenses: Compensation and all other 127 64 87 98 (26) Losses on extinguishment of debt 98 NM Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 13 NM Reduction in workforce expenses 46 (100) NM Total non-interest expenses 238 110 87 116 26 Pre-tax loss (246) (192) (82) (28) (134) 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the year ended September 30, 2020 
 
 The pre-tax loss of 246 million was 54 million larger than the loss generated in the prior year. 
 
 Net revenues increased 74 million, primarily due to private equity valuation gains in the current year, compared with valuation losses in the prior year, which reflected the impact of challenging market conditions at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The current year included 74 million of private equity valuation gains, of which 25 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests and were offset within Other expenses. These valuation gains were primarily the result of an improvement in market conditions and an improved outlook for certain of our investments. The prior year included 28 million of private equity valuation losses, of which 20 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests and were offset within Other expenses. Interest income earned on corporate cash balances decreased compared with the prior year due to lower short-term interest rates, and interest expense increased primarily as a result of an increase in corporate debt arising from the issuance of 500 million of senior notes in March 2020. 
 
 Non-interest expenses increased 128 million, or 116 , primarily due to losses on extinguishment of debt of 98 million in the current year (refer to the Executive overview section of this MD A), the aforementioned 25 million of gains attributable to noncontrolling interests compared with 20 million of losses in the prior year, and acquisition-related expenses of 13 million in the current year, which primarily included professional and integration expenses associated with our acquisitions of NWPS, Financo and Cebile during fiscal 2021 and our announced acquisitions of Charles Stanley and TriState Capital. These increases 
 
 54 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

were partially offset by the impact of 46 million of reduction in workforce expenses in the prior year, which did not recur in the current year. 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the year ended September 30, 2019 
 
 Refer to Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2020 Form 10-K for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019. 

CERTAIN STATISTICAL DISCLOSURES BY BANK HOLDING COMPANIES 
 
 We are required to provide certain statistical disclosures as a bank holding company under the SEC s Industry Guide 3. The following table provides certain of those disclosures. 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Return on assets 2.5 1.9 2.7 Return on equity 18.4 11.9 16.2 Average equity to average assets 13.8 15.5 16.7 Dividend payout ratio 15.7 25.4 19.0 
 
 Return on assets is computed by dividing net income by average assets for each indicated fiscal year. Average assets is computed by adding total assets as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total and dividing by five. 
 
 Return on equity is computed by dividing net income by average equity for each indicated fiscal year. Average equity is computed by adding the total equity attributable to RJF as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total and dividing by five. 
 
 Average equity to average assets is computed by dividing average equity by average assets for each indicated fiscal year, as calculated in accordance with the previous explanations. 
 
 Dividend payout ratio is computed by dividing dividends declared per common share by earnings per diluted common share for each indicated fiscal year. 
 
 Refer to the Net interest analysis and Risk management - Credit risk sections of this MD A and to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for the other required disclosures. 

STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL CONDITION ANALYSIS 
 
 The assets on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents, assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash (primarily segregated for the benefit of clients), receivables including bank loans, financial instruments held either for trading purposes or as investments, and other assets. A significant portion of our assets were liquid in nature, providing us with flexibility in financing our business. 
 
 Total assets of 61.89 billion as of September 30, 2021 were 14.41 billion, or 30 , greater than our total assets as of September 30, 2020. The increase in assets was primarily due to a 7.10 billion increase in assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash, primarily due to a significant increase in client cash balances. Bank loans, net increased by 3.80 billion, primarily due to an increase in securities-based loans to PCG clients and an increase in corporate loans. In addition, cash and cash equivalents increased 1.81 billion, available-for-sale securities increased 665 million, and brokerage client receivables, net increased 396 million. Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net increased 282 million due to the acquisitions of NWPS, Financo, and Cebile during fiscal 2021. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, our total liabilities of 53.59 billion were 13.28 billion, or 33 , greater than our total liabilities as of September 30, 2020. The increase in total liabilities was primarily related to the significant increase in client cash balances as of September 30, 2021, resulting in a 7.20 billion increase in brokerage client payables, primarily due to an increase in client cash held in our CIP, and a 5.69 billion increase in bank deposits, reflecting higher RJBDP balances held at Raymond James Bank. Our accrued compensation, commissions and benefits increased 441 million, primarily due to an increase in accrued bonuses and benefits resulting from higher net revenues and pre-tax earnings compared with the prior year. 

55 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Liquidity and capital are essential to our business. The primary goal of our liquidity management activities is to ensure adequate funding to conduct our business over a range of economic and market environments. We seek to manage capital levels to support execution of our business strategy, provide financial strength to our subsidiaries, and maintain sustained access to the capital markets, while at the same time meeting our regulatory capital requirements and conservative internal management targets. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources are provided primarily through our business operations and financing activities. Financing activities could include bank borrowings, collateralized financing arrangements or additional capital raising activities under our universal shelf registration statement. We believe our existing assets, most of which are liquid in nature, together with funds generated from operations and available from committed and uncommitted financing facilities, provide adequate funds for continuing operations at current levels of activity in the short-term. We also believe that we will be able to continue to meet our long-term cash requirements due to our strong financial position and ability to access capital from financial markets. 

Liquidity and capital management 
 
 Senior management establishes our liquidity and capital management frameworks. Our liquidity and capital management frameworks are overseen by the RJF Asset and Liability Committee, a senior management committee that develops and executes strategies and policies to manage our liquidity risk and interest rate risk, as well as provides oversight over the firm s investments. The liquidity management framework includes senior management s review of short- and long-term cash flow forecasts, review of capital expenditures, monitoring of the availability of alternative sources of financing, and daily monitoring of liquidity in our significant subsidiaries. Our decisions on the allocation of resources to our business units consider, among other factors, projected profitability, cash flow, risk, and future liquidity needs. Our treasury department assists in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our financial condition and liquidity, and also maintains our relationships with various lenders. The objective of our liquidity management framework is to support the successful execution of our business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity. 
 
 Our capital planning and capital risk management processes are governed by the Capital Planning Committee CPC ), a senior management committee that provides oversight on our capital planning and ensures that our strategic planning and risk management processes are integrated into the capital planning process. The CPC meets at least quarterly to review key metrics related to the firm s capital, such as debt structure and capital ratios; to analyze potential and emerging risks to capital; to oversee our annual firmwide capital stress test; and to propose capital actions to the Board of Directors, such as declaring dividends, repurchasing securities, and raising capital. To ensure that we have sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses, the firm adheres to capital risk appetite statements and tolerances set in excess of regulatory minimums, which are established by the CPC and approved by the Board of Directors. We conduct enterprise-wide capital stress testing to ensure that we maintain adequate capital to adhere to our established tolerances under multiple scenarios, including stressed scenarios. 

Cash flows 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents increased 1.81 billion to 7.20 billion during the year ended September 30, 2021. During the year ended September 30, 2021, cash provided by our operations (including significant net income) and proceeds from our 750 million of 3.75 senior notes offering (net of debt issuance costs), were offset by cash used for the early-redemption of 750 million of our pre-existing senior notes and the related make-whole premiums, dividend payments, share repurchases, and investments in future growth with our acquisitions of NWPS, Financo, and Cebile. We also had significant increases in client cash balances, which increased both our brokerage client payables and our bank deposits. However, this cash was largely used to increase our assets segregated for regulatory purposes, including through the purchase of U.S. Treasuries, as part of our brokerage activities, and to increase our bank loan portfolio and available-for-sale securities as part of our banking activities. 

Sources of liquidity 
 
 Approximately 1.16 billion of our total September 30, 2021 cash and cash equivalents included cash held directly at the parent, or parent cash loaned to RJ A. This parent cash balance does not include 400 million of cash set aside by RJF in a restricted account during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 to be used to fund our closing obligations associated with the pending acquisition of Charles Stanley. As of September 30, 2021, this restricted cash was included in Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and is not included in the amounts presented in the following table. As of September 30, 2021, RJF had loaned 649 million to RJ A (such amount is included in the RJ A cash balance in the following table), which RJ A has invested on behalf of RJF in cash and cash equivalents or 
 
 56 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

otherwise deployed in its normal business activities. The following table presents our holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
 in millions September 30, 2021 RJF 527 RJ A 2,799 Raymond James Bank 2,359 RJ Ltd. 853 RJFS 142 Carillon Tower Advisers 98 Other subsidiaries 423 Total cash and cash equivalents 7,201 
 
 RJF maintained depository accounts at Raymond James Bank with a balance of 229 million as of September 30, 2021. The portion of this total that was available on demand without restrictions, which amounted to 152 million as of September 30, 2021, is reflected in the RJF total (and is excluded from the Raymond James Bank cash balance in the preceding table). 
 
 A large portion of the RJ Ltd. cash and cash equivalents balance as of September 30, 2021 was held to meet regulatory requirements and was not available for use by the parent. 
 
 In addition to the cash balances described, we have various other potential sources of cash available to the parent from subsidiaries, as described in the following section. 

Liquidity available from subsidiaries 
 
 Liquidity is principally available to RJF, the parent company, from RJ A and Raymond James Bank. 
 
 Certain of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the requirements of the Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. As a member firm of FINRA, RJ A is subject to FINRA s capital requirements, which are substantially the same as Rule 15c3-1. Rule 15c3-1 provides for an alternative net capital requirement, which RJ A has elected. Regulations require that minimum net capital, as defined, be equal to the greater of 1.5 million or 2 of aggregate debit items arising from client transactions. In addition, covenants in RJ A s committed financing facilities require its net capital to be a minimum of 10 of aggregate debit items. At September 30, 2021, RJ A significantly exceeded the minimum regulatory requirements, the covenants in its financing arrangements pertaining to net capital, as well as its internally-targeted net capital tolerances and intends to use a portion of its excess net capital to remit dividends to RJF in fiscal 2022, in conformity with all required regulatory rules or approvals. FINRA may impose certain restrictions, such as restricting withdrawals of equity capital, if a member firm were to fall below a certain threshold or fail to meet minimum net capital requirements which may result in RJ A limiting dividends it would otherwise remit to RJF. We evaluate regulatory requirements, loan covenants and certain internal tolerances when determining the amount of liquidity available to RJF from RJ A. 
 
 Raymond James Bank may pay dividends to RJF without prior approval of its regulator as long as the dividends do not exceed the sum of Raymond James Bank s current calendar year and the previous two calendar years retained net income, and Raymond James Bank maintains its targeted regulatory capital ratios. Dividends from Raymond James Bank may be limited to the extent that capital is needed to support its balance sheet growth. 
 
 Although we have liquidity available to us from our other subsidiaries, the available amounts are not as significant as those previously described and, in certain instances, may be subject to regulatory requirements. 

Borrowings and financing arrangements 
 
 Committed financing arrangements 
 
 Our ability to borrow is dependent upon compliance with the conditions in our various loan agreements and, in the case of secured borrowings, collateral eligibility requirements. Our committed financing arrangements consist of a tri-party repurchase agreement (i.e., securities sold under agreements to repurchase) and, in the case of our 500 million revolving credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility ), an unsecured line of credit. The required market value of the collateral associated with the tri-party repurchase agreement ranges from 105 to 125 of the amount financed. 

57 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The following table presents our committed financing arrangements with third-party lenders, which we generally utilize to finance a portion of our fixed income trading instruments, and the outstanding balances related thereto. 
 September 30, 2021 in millions RJ A RJF Total Total number of arrangements Financing arrangement: Committed secured 100 100 1 Committed unsecured 200 300 500 1 Total committed financing arrangements 
 300 300 600 2 Outstanding borrowing amount: Committed secured Committed unsecured 
 Total outstanding borrowing amount 

Our committed unsecured financing arrangement in the preceding table represents our Credit Facility, which provides for maximum borrowings of up to 500 million, with a sublimit of 300 million for RJF. RJ A may borrow up to 500 million under the Credit Facility, depending on the amount of outstanding borrowings by RJF. For additional details on our committed unsecured financing arrangement, see our discussion of the Credit Facility in Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. In April 2021, we amended our Credit Facility, maintaining the 500 million maximum borrowing amount, but extending the term through April 2026 and incorporating a lower cost of borrowing under the facility and certain favorable covenant modifications. 
 
 Uncommitted financing arrangements 
 
 Our uncommitted financing arrangements are in the form of secured lines of credit, secured bilateral or tri-party repurchase agreements, or unsecured lines of credit. Our arrangements with third-party lenders are generally utilized to finance a portion of our fixed income securities or for cash management purposes. Our uncommitted secured financing arrangements generally require us to post collateral in excess of the amount borrowed and are generally collateralized by RJ A-owned securities or by securities that we have received as collateral under reverse repurchase agreements (i.e., securities purchased under agreements to resell). As of September 30, 2021, we had outstanding borrowings under two uncommitted secured borrowing arrangements out of a total of 11 uncommitted financing arrangements (seven uncommitted secured and four uncommitted unsecured). However, lenders are under no contractual obligation to lend to us under uncommitted credit facilities. 
 
 The following table presents our borrowings on uncommitted financing arrangements, all of which were in the form of repurchase agreements in RJ A and were included in Collateralized financings on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 in millions September 30, 2021 Outstanding borrowing amount: Uncommitted secured 205 Uncommitted unsecured Total outstanding borrowing amount 
 205 
 
 The average daily balance outstanding during the five most recent quarters, the maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter and the period-end balances for repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements are detailed in the following table. 
 Repurchase transactions Reverse repurchase transactions For the quarter ended: 
 in millions) 
 Average daily balance outstanding Maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter End of period balance outstanding Average daily balance outstanding Maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter End of period balance outstanding September 30, 2021 220 234 205 269 286 279 June 30, 2021 194 185 185 283 339 289 March 31, 2021 226 260 222 242 280 224 December 31, 2020 211 236 233 204 259 162 September 30, 2020 140 165 165 199 260 207 
 
 58 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Other borrowings and collateralized financings 
 
 We had 850 million in Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB borrowings outstanding at September 30, 2021, comprised of floating-rate advances. The interest rates on the floating-rate advances, which mature in December 2022, reset quarterly and are generally based on LIBOR. We use interest rate swaps to manage the risk of increases in interest rates associated with these floating-rate advances by converting the balances subject to variable interest rates to a fixed interest rate. The interest rates on the FHLB borrowings will transition to a SOFR-based rate in December 2021. These FHLB borrowings were secured by a blanket lien on Raymond James Bank s residential mortgage loan portfolio. Raymond James Bank had an additional 3.31 billion in immediate credit available from the FHLB as of September 30, 2021 and, with the pledge of additional eligible collateral to the FHLB, total available credit of 30 of total assets. See Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these borrowings. 
 
 Raymond James Bank is eligible to participate in the Federal Reserve s discount window program; however, we do not view borrowings from the Federal Reserve as a primary source of funding. The credit available in this program is subject to periodic review, may be terminated or reduced at the discretion of the Federal Reserve, and is secured by pledged C I loans. 
 
 We act as an intermediary between broker-dealers and other financial institutions whereby we borrow securities from one broker-dealer and then lend them to another. Where permitted, we have also loaned, to broker-dealers and other financial institutions, securities owned by clients or the firm. We account for each of these types of transactions as collateralized agreements and financings, with the outstanding balance of 72 million as of September 30, 2021 related to the securities loaned included in Collateralized financings on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition of this Form 10-K. See Notes 2 and 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for more information on our collateralized agreements and financings. 
 
 Senior notes payable 
 
 In April 2021, we sold 750 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.75 senior notes due April 2051 in a registered underwritten public offering. We utilized the proceeds from the offering and cash on hand to early-redeem our 250 million par 5.625 senior notes due 2024 and our 500 million par 3.625 senior notes due 2026. See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 After the issuance of the 3.75 senior notes due April 2051 and repurchase and redemption of the 5.625 senior notes due 2024 and 3.625 senior notes due 2026, at September 30, 2021, we had aggregate outstanding senior notes payable of 2.04 billion, which, exclusive of any unaccreted premiums or discounts and debt issuance costs, was comprised of 500 million par 4.65 senior notes due 2030, 800 million par 4.95 senior notes due 2046, and 750 million par 3.75 senior notes due 2051. At September 30, 2021, estimated future contractual interest payments on our senior notes were approximately 2 billion, of which 91 million is payable in fiscal 2022, with the remainder extending through 2051. 
 
 Credit ratings 
 
 Our issuer and senior long-term debt ratings as of the most current report are detailed in the following table. 
 Rating Agency Rating Outlook Fitch Ratings, Inc. (1) 
 A- Stable Moody s Investors Services (2) 
 Baa1 Review for Upgrade Standard Poor s Ratings Services BBB+ Stable 
 
 (1) In March 2021, Fitch Ratings, Inc. assigned its first issuer and senior long-term debt rating for Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 (2) In November 2021, Moody s Investor Services placed our senior debt and issuer rating on review for upgrade. 
 
 Our current long-term debt ratings depend upon a number of factors, including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins, earnings trends and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, capital structure, overall risk management, business diversification and market share, and competitive position in the markets in which we operate. Deterioration in any of these factors could impact our credit ratings. Any rating downgrades could increase our costs in the event we were to obtain additional financing. 
 
 Should our credit rating be downgraded prior to a public debt offering, it is probable that we would have to offer a higher rate of interest to bond holders. A downgrade to below investment grade may make a public debt offering difficult to execute on terms we would consider to be favorable. A downgrade below investment grade could result in the termination of certain 
 
 59 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

derivative contracts and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. A credit downgrade could damage our reputation and result in certain counterparties limiting their business with us, result in negative comments by analysts, potentially negatively impact investors and/or clients perception of us, and cause a decline in our stock price. None of our borrowing arrangements contains a condition or event of default related to our credit ratings. However, a credit downgrade would result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on the Credit Facility, in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on that line as of and subsequent to such downgrade. Conversely, an improvement in RJF s current credit rating could have a favorable impact on the facility fee, as well as the interest rate applicable to any borrowings on such line. 

Other sources and uses of liquidity 
 
 We have company-owned life insurance policies which are utilized to fund certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans. Certain of our non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans are employee-directed while others are company-directed. Of the company-owned life insurance policies which fund these plans, certain policies could be used as a source of liquidity for the firm. Those policies against which we could readily borrow had a cash surrender value of 835 million as of September 30, 2021, comprised of 520 million related to employee-directed plans and 315 million related to company-directed plans, and we were able to borrow up to 90 , or 751 million, of the September 30, 2021 total without restriction. To effect any such borrowing, the underlying investments would be converted to money market investments, therefore requiring us to take market risk related to the employee-directed plans. There were no borrowings outstanding against any of these policies as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 On May 12, 2021, we filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC pursuant to which we can issue debt, equity and other capital instruments if and when necessary or perceived by us to be opportune. Subject to certain conditions, this registration statement will be effective through May 12, 2024. 
 
 On July 29, 2021, we announced our firm intention to make an offer for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of U.K.-based Charles Stanley Group PLC Charles Stanley at a price of 5.15 per share, or approximately 279 million 387 million as of July 28, 2021). Under the terms of the intended offer, a loan note alternative will be available to Charles Stanley shareholders which will enable eligible Charles Stanley shareholders to elect to receive a loan note in lieu of part or all of the cash consideration to which they would otherwise be entitled under the terms of the offer. The initial interest rate for the loan note alternative for the first year is 0.1 . The note bears interest at a variable rate which resets annually, calculated as the Bank of England s base rate plus a differential defined in the loan note, with the interest rate not to exceed 1.5 in any period. The transaction, which is subject to FCA approval, is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2022. We have segregated 400 million in cash to fund the acquisition on the closing date, which is included in Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2021. See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10 K for additional information. 
 
 On October 20, 2021, we announced we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. TriState Capital in a combination cash and stock transaction, valued at approximately 1.1 billion. Under the terms of the agreement, TriState Capital common stockholders will receive 6.00 cash and 0.25 RJF shares for each share of TriState Capital common stock, which represents per share consideration of 31.09 based on the closing price of RJF common stock on October 19, 2021. We have entered into an agreement with the sole holder of the TriState Capital Series C Perpetual Non-Cumulative Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock Series C Convertible Preferred pursuant to which the Series C Convertible Preferred will be converted to common shares at the prescribed exchange ratio and cashed out at 30 per share. The TriState Capital Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock and Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock will remain outstanding and will be converted into equivalent preferred stock of RJF. The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and approval by TriState Capital shareholders, is expected to close in fiscal 2022. We currently have the ability to utilize our cash on hand to fund the acquisition. See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 As part of our ongoing operations, we also enter into contractual arrangements that may require future cash payments, including certificates of deposit, lease obligations and other contractual arrangements, such as for software and various services. See Notes 14 and 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for information regarding our lease obligations and certificates of deposit, respectively. We have entered into investment commitments, lending commitments and other commitments to extend credit for which we are unable to reasonably predict the timing of future payments. See Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information. 

60 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

REGULATORY 
 
 Refer to the discussion of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the impact on our operations of certain rules and regulations in Item 1 - Business - Regulation of this Form 10-K. 
 
 RJF and many of its subsidiaries are each subject to various regulatory capital requirements. As of September 30, 2021, all of our active regulated domestic and international subsidiaries had net capital in excess of minimum requirements. In addition, RJF and Raymond James Bank were categorized as well-capitalized as of September 30, 2021. The maintenance of certain risk-based and other regulatory capital levels could influence various capital allocation decisions impacting one or more of our businesses. However, due to the current capital position of RJF and its regulated subsidiaries, we do not anticipate these capital requirements will have a negative impact on our future business activities. See Note 24 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information on regulatory capital requirements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during any reporting period in our consolidated financial statements. Management has established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure the appropriateness of such estimates and assumptions and their consistent application from period to period. For a description of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Due to their nature, estimates involve judgment based upon available information. Actual results or amounts could differ from estimates and the difference could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. Therefore, understanding these critical accounting estimates is important in understanding our reported results of operations and financial position. We believe that of our accounting estimates and assumptions, those described in the following sections involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. 

Valuation of financial instruments 
 
 The use of fair value to measure financial instruments, with related gains or losses recognized on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, is fundamental to our financial statements and our risk management processes. Financial instruments and Financial instrument liabilities are reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses related to these financial instruments are reflected in our net income or our other comprehensive income/(loss) OCI ), depending on the underlying purpose of the instrument. 
 
 We measure the fair value of our financial instruments in accordance with GAAP, which defines fair value, establishes a framework that we use to measure fair value, and provides for certain disclosures in our financial statements. Fair value is defined by GAAP as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
 
 In determining the fair value of our financial instruments, we use various valuation approaches, including market and/or income approaches. Fair value is a market-based measurement considered from the perspective of a market participant. As such, our fair value measurements reflect assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. A hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the relevant observable inputs be used when available. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels: Level 1 represents unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments; Level 2 represents valuations based on inputs other than unadjusted quoted prices in active markets, but for which all significant inputs are observable; and Level 3 consists of valuation techniques that incorporate one or more significant unobservable inputs and, therefore, requires the greatest use of judgment. The availability of observable inputs can vary from instrument to instrument and, in certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement of an instrument requires judgment and consideration of factors specific to the instrument. 
 
 The fair values for certain of our financial instruments are derived using pricing models and other valuation techniques that involve management judgment. The price transparency of financial instruments is a key determinant of the degree of judgment involved in determining the fair value of our financial instruments. Financial instruments which are actively traded will 
 
 61 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

generally have a higher degree of price transparency than financial instruments that are less frequently traded. As a result, the valuation of certain financial instruments which are less frequently traded included management judgment in determining the relevance and reliability of market information available and are generally classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 See Notes 2 and 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information about the level within the fair value hierarchy, specific valuation techniques and inputs, and other significant accounting policies pertaining to financial instruments at fair value. 

Loss provisions 
 
 Loss provisions for legal and regulatory matters 
 
 The recorded amount of liabilities related to legal and regulatory matters is subject to significant management judgment. For a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing such accruals, see the Contingent liabilities section of Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. In addition, refer to Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for information regarding legal and regulatory matter contingencies as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 
 We evaluate certain of our financial assets, including bank loans, to estimate an allowance for credit losses. Effective October 1, 2020, we adopted the CECL accounting guidance which changed the methodology used to measure the allowance for credit losses from an allowance based on incurred losses to an allowance based on expected credit losses over a financial asset s lifetime. The remaining life of our financial assets is determined by considering contractual terms and expected prepayments, among other factors. We employ multiple methodologies in estimating an allowance for credit losses and our approaches differ by type of financial asset and the risk characteristics within each financial asset type. Our estimates are based on ongoing evaluations of the portfolio, the related credit risk characteristics, and the overall economic and environmental conditions affecting the financial assets. Our process for determining the allowance for credit losses includes a complex analysis of several quantitative and qualitative factors requiring significant management judgment due to matters that are inherently uncertain. This uncertainty can produce volatility in our allowance for credit losses. In addition, the allowance for credit losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. In such an event, any losses in excess of our allowance would result in a decrease in our net income, as well as a decrease in the level of regulatory capital. See the discussion regarding our methodology in estimating the allowance for credit losses in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 The FASB has issued certain accounting updates which were assessed and either determined to be not applicable or are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements. 

RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 Risks are an inherent part of our business and activities. Management of risk is critical to our fiscal soundness and profitability. Our risk management processes are multi-faceted and require communication, judgment and knowledge of financial products and markets. We have a formal Enterprise Risk Management ERM program to assess and review aggregate risks across the firm. Our management takes an active role in the ERM process, which requires specific administrative and business functions to participate in the identification, assessment, monitoring and control of various risks. 
 
 The principal risks related to our business activities are market, credit, liquidity, operational, model, and compliance. 

Governance 
 
 Our Board of Directors, including its Audit and Risk Committee, oversees the firm s management and mitigation of risk, reinforcing a culture that encourages ethical conduct and risk management throughout the firm. Senior management communicates and reinforces this culture through three lines of risk management and a number of senior-level management committees. Our first line of risk management, which includes all of our businesses, owns its risks and is responsible for helping to identify, escalate, and mitigate risks arising from its day-to-day activities. The second line of risk management, which includes the Compliance, Legal, and Risk Management departments, supports and provides guidance and oversight to client-facing businesses and other first-line risk management functions in identifying and mitigating risk. The second line of risk management also tests and monitors the effectiveness of controls, escalates risks when appropriate, and reports on these 
 
 62 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

risks. The third line of risk management, Internal Audit, independently reviews activities conducted by the previous lines of risk management to assess their management and mitigation of risk, providing additional assurance to the Board of Directors and senior management, with a view toward enhancing our oversight, management, and mitigation of risk. 

Market risk 
 
 Market risk is our risk of loss resulting from the impact of changes in market prices on our trading inventory, derivatives and investment positions. We have exposure to market risk primarily through our broker-dealer trading operations and our banking operations. Our broker-dealer subsidiaries, primarily RJ A, act as market makers and trade debt obligations and equity securities and maintain inventories to ensure availability of securities and to facilitate client transactions. Inventory levels may fluctuate daily as a result of client demand. We also hold investments in agency-backed MBS and agency-backed CMOs within Raymond James Bank s available-for-sale securities portfolio, and from time-to-time may hold SBA loan securitizations not yet transferred. Our primary market risks relate to interest rates, equity prices, and foreign exchange rates. Interest rate risk results from changes in levels of interest rates, the volatilities of interest rates, mortgage prepayment speeds and credit spreads. Equity risk results from changes in prices of equity securities. Foreign exchange risk results from changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of foreign exchange rates. 
 
 See Notes 2, 4, 5 and 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for fair value and other information regarding our trading inventories, available-for-sale securities and derivative instruments. 
 
 We regularly enter into underwriting commitments and, as a result, we may be subject to market risk on any unsold shares issued in the offerings to which we are committed. Risk exposure is controlled by limiting our participation, the transaction size or through the syndication process. 
 
 The Market Risk Management department is responsible for measuring, monitoring, and reporting market risks associated with the firm s trading and derivative portfolios. While Market Risk Management maintains ongoing communication with the revenue-generating business units, it is independent of such units. 

Interest rate risk 
 
 Trading activities 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of our trading inventory (primarily comprised of fixed income instruments) in our Capital Markets segment. Changes in value of our trading inventory may result from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, macroeconomic factors, investor expectations or risk appetites, liquidity, as well as dynamic relationships among these factors. We actively manage interest rate risk arising from our fixed income trading securities through the use of hedging strategies utilizing U.S. Treasury securities, futures contracts, liquid spread products and derivatives. 
 
 Our primary method for controlling risks within trading inventories is through the use of dollar-based and exposure-based limits. A hierarchy of limits exists at multiple levels, including firm, business unit, desk (e.g., for equities, corporate bonds, municipal bonds), product sub-type (e.g., below-investment-grade positions) and, at times, at the individual position. For derivative positions, which are primarily comprised of interest rate swaps, we have established limits based on a number of factors, including interest rate, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, spread, ratio, basis, and volatility risk. Derivative exposures are also monitored both for the total portfolio and by maturity periods. Trading positions and derivatives are monitored against these limits through daily reports that are distributed to senior management. During volatile markets, we may temporarily reduce limits and/or choose to pare our trading inventories to reduce risk. 
 
 We monitor Value-at-Risk VaR for all of our trading portfolios on a daily basis for risk management purposes and as a result of applying the Fed s Market Risk Rule MRR for the purpose of calculating our capital ratios. The MRR, also known as the Risk-Based Capital Guidelines: Market Risk rule released by the Fed, the OCC and the FDIC, requires us to calculate VaR for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income, equity, derivatives, and foreign exchange instruments. VaR is an appropriate statistical technique for estimating potential losses in trading portfolios due to typical adverse market movements over a specified time horizon with a suitable confidence level. However, there are inherent limitations of utilizing VaR including: historical movements in markets may not accurately predict future market movements; VaR does not take into account the liquidity of individual positions; VaR does not estimate losses over longer time horizons; and extended periods of one-directional markets potentially distort risks within the portfolio. In addition, should markets become more volatile, actual trading losses may exceed VaR results presented on a single day and might accumulate over a longer time horizon. As a result, management complements VaR with sensitivity analysis and stress testing and employs additional controls such as a daily 
 
 63 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

review of trading results, review of aged inventory, independent review of pricing, monitoring of concentrations and review of issuer ratings. 
 
 To calculate VaR, we use models which incorporate historical simulation. This approach assumes that historical changes in market conditions, such as in interest rates and equity prices, are representative of future changes. Simulation is based on daily market data for the previous twelve months. VaR is reported at a 99 confidence level for a one-day time horizon. Assuming that future market conditions change as they have in the past twelve months, we would expect to incur losses greater than those predicted by our one-day VaR estimates about once every 100 trading days, or about three times per year on average. For regulatory capital calculation purposes, we also report VaR and Stressed VaR numbers for a ten-day time horizon. The VaR model is independently reviewed by our Model Risk Management function. See the Model risk section that follows for further information. 
 
 The modeling of the risk characteristics of trading positions involves a number of assumptions and approximations that management believes to be reasonable. However, there is no uniform industry methodology for estimating VaR, and different assumptions or approximations could produce materially different VaR estimates. As a result, VaR results are more reliable when used as indicators of risk levels and trends within a firm than as a basis for inferring differences in risk-taking across firms. 
 
 The following table sets forth the high, low, period-end and average daily one-day VaR for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income and equity instruments, and for our derivatives for the periods and dates indicated. 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 Period-end VaR For the year ended September 30, in millions High Low September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 in millions 2021 2020 Daily VaR 11 1 1 8 Average daily VaR 4 3 
 
 Average daily VaR was higher during fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year due to the impact of scenarios of elevated volatility as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic (which commenced in March 2020) on our VaR model during the first half of the year. However, during our fiscal third quarter of 2021, the remaining COVID-19 pandemic-related scenarios fell outside of the VaR model s 12-month historical simulation period, resulting in period-end VaR decreasing to 1 million as of September 30, 2021 from 8 million as of September 30, 2020. 
 
 The Fed s MRR requires us to perform daily back-testing procedures for our VaR model, whereby we compare each day s projected VaR to its regulatory-defined daily trading losses, which exclude fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income and intraday trading. Regulatory-defined daily trading losses are used to evaluate the performance of our VaR model and are not comparable to our actual daily net revenues. Based on these daily ex ante versus ex post comparisons, we determine whether the number of times that regulatory-defined daily trading losses exceed VaR is consistent with our expectations at a 99 confidence level. During the year ended September 30, 2021, our regulatory-defined daily losses in our trading portfolios did not exceed our predicted VaR. 
 
 Separately, RJF provides additional market risk disclosures to comply with the MRR, including 10-day VaR and 10-day Stressed VaR, which are available on our website at https://www.raymondjames.com/investor-relations/financial-information/filings-and-reports within Other Reports and Information. 
 
 Banking operations 
 
 Raymond James Bank maintains an interest-earning asset portfolio that is comprised of cash, C I loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, REIT loans, tax-exempt loans and SBL and other loans, as well as agency-backed MBS and agency-backed CMOs (held in the available-for-sale securities portfolio), and SBA loan securitizations. These interest-earning assets are primarily funded by client deposits. Based on its current asset portfolio, Raymond James Bank is subject to interest rate risk. Raymond James Bank analyzes interest rate risk based on forecasted net interest income, which is the net amount of interest received and interest paid, and the net portfolio valuation, both across a range of interest rate scenarios. 
 
 One of the objectives of Raymond James Bank s Asset and Liability Committee is to manage the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in market interest rates. This committee uses several measures to monitor and limit Raymond James Bank s interest rate risk, including scenario analysis and economic value of equity. 
 
 To ensure that Raymond James Bank remains within its tolerances established for net interest income, a sensitivity analysis of net interest income to interest rate conditions is estimated under a variety of scenarios. We use simulation models and 
 
 64 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

estimation techniques to assess the sensitivity of net interest income to movements in interest rates. The model estimates the sensitivity by calculating interest income and interest expense in a dynamic balance sheet environment using current repricing, prepayment, and reinvestment of cash flow assumptions over a 12-month time horizon. Assumptions used in the model include interest rate movement, the slope of the yield curve, and balance sheet composition and growth. The model also considers interest rate-related risks such as pricing spreads, pricing of client cash accounts, and prepayments. Various interest rate scenarios are modeled in order to determine the effect those scenarios may have on net interest income. 
 
 The following table is an analysis of Raymond James Bank s estimated net interest income over a 12-month period based on instantaneous shifts in interest rates (expressed in basis points) using our asset/liability model, which assumes that interest rates do not decline below zero. While not presented, additional rate scenarios are performed, including interest rate ramps and yield curve shifts that may more realistically mimic the speed of potential interest rate movements. We also perform simulations on time horizons of up to five years to assess longer-term impacts to various interest rate scenarios. On a quarterly basis, we test expected model results to actual performance. Additionally, any changes made to key assumptions in the model are documented and approved by Raymond James Bank s Asset and Liability Committee. 
 Instantaneous changes in rate Net interest income 
 in millions) 
 Projected change in net interest income +200 974 35 +100 918 28 0 720 -25 693 (4) 
 
 Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Net interest analysis of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the impact changes in short-term interest rates could have on the firm s operations. In addition, we utilize a hedging strategy using interest rate swaps as a result of Raymond James Bank s asset and liability management process. For further information regarding this hedging strategy, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The following table shows the contractual maturities of our bank loan portfolio at September 30, 2021, including contractual principal repayments. This table does not include any estimates of prepayments, which could shorten the average loan lives and cause the actual timing of the loan repayments to differ significantly from those shown in the table. 
 Due in in millions One year or less > One year five years > Five years Total C I loans 257 4,663 3,520 8,440 CRE loans 727 1,637 508 2,872 REIT loans 168 924 20 1,112 Tax-exempt loans 59 1,262 1,321 Residential mortgage loans 6 5,312 5,318 SBL and other 6,067 39 6,106 Total loans held for investment 7,219 7,328 10,622 25,169 Held for sale loans 14 131 145 Total loans 7,219 7,342 10,753 25,314 

65 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The following table shows the distribution of the recorded investment of those bank loans that mature in more than one year between fixed and adjustable interest rate loans at September 30, 2021. 
 Interest rate type in millions Fixed Adjustable Total C I loans 303 7,880 8,183 CRE loans 90 2,055 2,145 REIT loans 944 944 Tax-exempt loans 1,321 1,321 Residential mortgage loans 198 5,120 5,318 SBL and other 39 39 Total loans held for investment 1,912 16,038 17,950 Held for sale loans 1 144 145 Total loans 1,913 16,182 18,095 
 
 Contractual loan terms for C I, CRE, REIT and residential mortgage loans may include an interest rate floor, cap and/or fixed interest rates for a certain period of time, which would impact the timing of the interest rate reset for the respective loan. See the discussion within the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk management - Credit risk - Risk monitoring process section of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding Raymond James Bank s interest-only residential mortgage loan portfolio. 
 
 In our available-for-sale securities portfolio, we hold primarily fixed-rate agency-backed MBS and agency-backed CMOs which are carried at fair value on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, with changes in the fair value of the portfolio recorded through OCI on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. At September 30, 2021, our available-for-sale securities portfolio had a fair value of 8.32 billion with a weighted-average yield of 1.14 and a weighted-average life of approximately four years. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. 

Equity price risk 
 
 We are exposed to equity price risk as a result of our capital markets activities. Our broker-dealer activities are generally client-driven, and we carry equity securities as part of our trading inventory to facilitate such activities, although the amounts are not as significant as our fixed income trading inventory. We attempt to reduce the risk of loss inherent in our inventory of equity securities by monitoring those security positions each day and establishing position limits. Equity securities held in our trading inventory are generally included in VaR. 
 
 In addition, we have a private equity portfolio, included in Other investments on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, which is comprised of various direct investments, as well as investments in third-party private equity funds and various legacy private equity funds which we sponsor. Of the total private equity investments at September 30, 2021 of 169 million, the portion we owned was 120 million. See Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information on this portfolio. 

Foreign exchange risk 
 
 We are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our investments in foreign subsidiaries, as well as transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. For example, our bank loan portfolio includes loans which are denominated in Canadian dollars, totaling 1.29 billion and 1.05 billion at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, when converted to the U.S. dollar. A majority of such loans are held by Raymond James Bank s Canadian subsidiary, which is discussed in the following sections. 
 
 Investments in foreign subsidiaries 
 
 Raymond James Bank has an investment in a Canadian subsidiary, resulting in foreign exchange risk. To mitigate its foreign exchange risk, Raymond James Bank utilizes short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. These derivatives are primarily accounted for as net investment hedges in the consolidated financial statements. See Notes 2 and 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information regarding these derivatives. 
 
 We had foreign exchange risk in our investment in RJ Ltd. of CAD 346 million at September 30, 2021, which was not hedged. Foreign exchange gains/losses related to this investment are primarily reflected in OCI on our Consolidated Statements of 
 
 66 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Income and Comprehensive Income. See Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information regarding our components of OCI. 
 
 We also have foreign exchange risk associated with our investments in subsidiaries located in Europe. These investments are not hedged and we do not believe we had material foreign exchange risk either individually, or in the aggregate, pertaining to these subsidiaries as of September 30, 2021. As previously noted, on July 29, 2021 we announced our intention to make an offer for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of U.K.-based Charles Stanley at a price of 5.15 per share, or approximately 279 million. Prior to closing, we will use U.S. dollars to purchase the required British pounds sterling GBP to be used at closing. Upon closing, this transaction will increase our foreign exchange exposure associated with investments in subsidiaries located in Europe. 
 
 Transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar 
 
 We are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our holdings of cash and certain other assets and liabilities resulting from transactions denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. Any currency-related gains/losses arising from these foreign currency denominated balances are reflected in Other revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The foreign exchange risk associated with a portion of such transactions and balances denominated in foreign currency are mitigated utilizing short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. Such derivatives are not designated hedges and therefore, the related gains/losses are included in Other revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for information regarding our derivatives. 

Credit risk 
 
 Credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower s, issuer s or counterparty s ability to meet its financial obligations under contractual or agreed-upon terms. The nature and amount of credit risk depends on the type of transaction, the structure and duration of that transaction, and the parties involved. Credit risk is an integral component of the profit assessment of lending and other financing activities. 
 
 The initial decline in economic activity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic caused increased credit risk particularly with regard to companies in sectors that were most significantly impacted by the economic disruption. The speed and magnitude in which various sectors have recovered since the onset of the pandemic has been continually evolving. Given the stresses on certain of our clients liquidity, we enhanced our credit monitoring activities, with an increased focus on monitoring our credit exposures and counterparty credit risk. In addition, since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, Raymond James Bank has enacted risk mitigation strategies including, but not limited to, the sale of loans in those sectors with a high likelihood of adverse impact arising from the pandemic. Although economic conditions have generally improved, we have maintained our increased focus on monitoring our credit exposures and counterparty credit risk. 
 
 Brokerage activities 
 
 We are engaged in various trading and brokerage activities in which our counterparties primarily include broker-dealers, banks and other financial institutions. We are exposed to risk that these counterparties may not fulfill their obligations. In addition, certain commitments, including underwritings, may create exposure to individual issuers and businesses. The risk of default depends on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and/or the issuer of the instrument. In addition, we may be subject to concentration risk if we hold large positions in or have large commitments to a single counterparty, borrower, or group of similar counterparties or borrowers (e.g., in the same industry). We seek to mitigate these risks by imposing and monitoring individual and aggregate position limits within each business segment for each counterparty, conducting regular credit reviews of financial counterparties, reviewing security and loan concentrations, holding and calculating the fair value of collateral on certain transactions and conducting business through clearing organizations, which may guarantee performance. See Notes 2, 6 and 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information about our credit risk mitigation related to derivatives and collateralized agreements. 
 
 Our client activities involve the execution, settlement, and financing of various transactions on behalf of our clients. Client activities are transacted on either a cash or margin basis. Credit exposure results from client margin loans, which are monitored daily and are collateralized by the securities in the clients accounts. We monitor exposure to industry sectors and individual securities and perform analysis on a daily basis in connection with our margin lending activities. We adjust our margin requirements if we believe our risk exposure is not appropriate based on market conditions. In addition, when clients execute a 
 
 67 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

purchase, we are at some risk that the client will default on their financial obligation associated with the trade. If this occurs, we may have to liquidate the position at a loss. 
 
 We offer loans to financial advisors for recruiting and retention purposes. We have credit risk and may incur a loss primarily in the event that such borrower is no longer affiliated with us. See Notes 2 and 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information about our loans to financial advisors. 
 
 Banking activities 
 
 Raymond James Bank has a substantial loan portfolio. While our bank loan portfolio is diversified, a significant downturn in the overall economy, such as that experienced in our fiscal year 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, deterioration in real estate values or a significant issue within any sector or sectors where we have a concentration will generally result in large provisions for credit losses and/or charge-offs. Conversely, should the economy recover at a faster pace than initially forecasted, or the negative impact of the significant downturn event be less than originally projected, we may experience a benefit for credit losses and/or recovery of amounts previously charged off, the timing and magnitude of which can be uncertain. We determine the allowance required for specific loan grades based on relative risk characteristics of the loan portfolio. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our methods for determining the allowance for each class of loans and make enhancements we consider appropriate. 
 
 Our strategy for credit risk management related to bank loans includes well-defined credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria, and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all corporate, tax-exempt, residential, SBL and other credit exposures. The strategy also includes diversification on a geographic, industry and client level, regular credit examinations and management reviews of all corporate and tax-exempt loans as well as individual delinquent residential loans. The credit risk management process also includes an annual independent review of the credit risk monitoring process that performs assessments of compliance with credit policies, risk ratings, and other critical credit information. We seek to identify potential problem loans early, record any necessary risk rating changes and charge-offs promptly, and maintain appropriate reserve levels for expected losses. We utilize a comprehensive credit risk rating system to measure the credit quality of individual corporate and tax-exempt loans and related unfunded lending commitments, including the probability of default and/or loss given default of each corporate and tax-exempt loan and commitment outstanding. For our SBL and residential mortgage loans, we utilize the credit risk rating system used by bank regulators in measuring the credit quality of each homogeneous class of loans. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses methodology is described in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. As our bank loan portfolio is segregated into six portfolio segments, likewise, the allowance for credit losses is segregated by these same segments. The risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows. 
 
 C I: Loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by all assets of the business. Repayment is expected from the cash flows of the respective business. Unfavorable economic and political conditions, including the resultant decrease in consumer or business spending, may have an adverse effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment. 
 
 CRE: Loans in this segment are primarily secured by income-producing properties. For owner-occupied properties, the cash flows are derived from the operations of the business, and the underlying cash flows may be adversely affected by the deterioration in the financial condition of the operating business. The underlying cash flows generated by non-owner-occupied properties may be adversely affected by increased vacancy and rental rates, which are monitored on a quarterly basis. This portfolio segment includes CRE construction loans which also look at other risks such as project budget overruns and performance variables related to the contractor and subcontractors. With respect to commercial construction of residential developments, there is also the risk that the builder has a geographical concentration of developments. Adverse information arising from any of these factors may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment. 
 
 REIT: Loans in this segment are made to businesses that own or finance income-producing real estate across various property sectors. This portfolio segment may include extensions of credit to companies that engage in real estate development. Repayment of these loans is dependent on income generated from real estate properties or the sale of real estate. A portion of this segment may consist of loans secured by residential product types (single-family residential, including condominiums and land held for residential development) within a range of markets. Deterioration in the financial condition of the operating business, reductions in the value of real estate, as well as increased vacancy and rental rates may all adversely affect the loans in this segment. 

68 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Tax-exempt: Loans in this segment are made to governmental and nonprofit entities and are generally secured by a pledge of revenue and, in some cases, by a security interest in or a mortgage on the asset being financed. For loans to governmental entities, repayment is expected from a pledge of certain revenues or taxes. For nonprofit entities, repayment is expected from revenues which may include fundraising proceeds. These loans are subject to demographic risk, therefore much of the credit assessment of tax-exempt loans is driven by the entity s revenue base and the general economic environment. Adverse developments in either of these areas may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment. 
 
 Residential mortgage (includes home equity loans/lines): All of our residential mortgage loans adhere to stringent underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of borrower, loan-to-value LTV ), and combined LTV (including second mortgage/home equity loans). We do not originate or purchase adjustable rate mortgage ARM loans with negative amortization, reverse mortgages, or loans to subprime borrowers. Loans with deeply discounted teaser rates are also not originated or purchased. All loans in this segment are collateralized by residential real estate and repayment is primarily dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. A decline in the strength of the economy, particularly unemployment rates and housing prices, among other factors, could have a significant effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment. 
 
 SBL and other: Loans in this segment are collateralized generally by the borrower s marketable securities at advance rates consistent with industry standards. These loans are monitored daily for adherence to LTV guidelines and when a loan exceeds the required LTV, a collateral call is issued. Past due loans are minimal as any past due amounts result in a notice to the client for payment or the potential sale of the collateral which will bring the loan to a current status. 
 
 In evaluating credit risk, we consider trends in loan performance, the level of allowance coverage relative to similar banking institutions, industry or client concentrations, the loan portfolio composition and macroeconomic factors (both current and forecasted). These factors have a potentially negative impact on loan performance and net charge-offs. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2021 was determined under the CECL model due to our October 1, 2020 adoption of the standard. See Notes 2 and 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information. Our allowance for credit losses, as well as our methodologies and assumptions used in estimating the allowance, are regularly evaluated to determine if our methods and estimates continue to be appropriate for each class of loans, with adjustments made on a quarterly basis. Several factors were taken into consideration in evaluating the allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2021, including loan and borrower characteristics, such as internal risk ratings, delinquency status, collateral type and the remaining term of the loan adjusted for expected prepayments. In addition, the estimate of credit losses considered the relatively small amount of net charge-offs during the period, the level of nonperforming loans, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We also considered the uncertainty related to certain industry sectors, including commercial real estate, and the extent of credit exposure to specific borrowers within the portfolio. Finally, we considered current economic conditions that might impact the portfolio. We continue to assess the impact of both the COVID-19 pandemic and the economic recovery therefrom, as new information becomes available regarding the financial repercussions to our borrowers, the risk ratings for individual loans will be updated and the allowance will be adjusted accordingly. 

69 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The following table presents our changes in the allowance for credit losses related to our bank loan portfolio. 
 Year ended September 30, in millions 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Allowance for credit losses beginning of year 354 218 203 190 197 Impact of CECL Adoption 9 Provision/(benefit) for credit losses (32) 233 22 20 13 Charge-offs: C I loans (4) (96) (2) (10) (26) CRE loans (10) (2) (5) REIT loans (2) Residential mortgage loans (1) (1) Total charge-offs (14) (100) (8) (10) (27) Recoveries: CRE loans 5 Residential mortgage loans 1 2 2 2 1 Total recoveries 1 2 2 2 6 Net charge-offs (13) (98) (6) (8) (21) Foreign exchange translation adjustment 2 1 (1) 1 1 Allowance for credit losses end of year (1) 
 320 354 218 203 190 Allowance for credit losses as a of total bank loans held for investment 1.27 1.65 1.04 1.04 1.11 
 (1) The allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2021 was computed under the CECL methodology, while the prior years were computed under the incurred loss methodology. 
 
 See further explanation of the current year benefit for credit losses in Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Raymond James Bank of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The level of charge-off activity is a factor that is considered in evaluating the potential severity of future credit losses. The following tables present net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries and the percentage of net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries to the average outstanding loan balances by loan portfolio segment. 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 in millions Net loan 
 (charge-off)/recovery 
 amount (1) 
 of avg. outstanding loans Net loan 
 (charge-off)/recovery 
 amount (1) 
 of avg. outstanding loans Net loan 
 (charge-off)/recovery 
 amount (1) 
 of avg. outstanding loans C I loans (4) 0.05 (96) 1.22 (2) 0.02 CRE loans (10) 0.37 (2) 0.08 (5) 0.22 REIT loans (2) 0.15 Residential mortgage loans 1 0.02 2 0.04 1 0.02 Total (13) 0.06 (98) 0.45 (6) 0.03 
 Year ended September 30, 2018 2017 in millions Net loan 
 (charge-off)/recovery 
 amount (1) 
 of avg. outstanding loans Net loan 
 (charge-off)/recovery 
 amount (1) 
 of avg. outstanding loans C I loans (10) 0.13 (26) 0.36 CRE loans 5 0.30 Residential mortgage loans 2 0.06 Total (8) 0.04 (21) 0.13 
 
 (1) Charge-offs related to loan sales amounted to 4 million, 87 million, 2 million, 9 million and 26 million for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. 

70 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The level of nonperforming loans is another indicator of potential future credit losses. The following tables present the nonperforming loans balance and total allowance for credit losses for the periods presented. 
 September 30, 2021 2020 2019 in millions Nonperforming loan balance Allowance for credit losses balance (1) 
 Nonperforming loan balance Allowance for credit losses balance (1) 
 Nonperforming loan balance Allowance for credit losses balance (1) 
 C I loans 39 191 2 200 19 139 CRE loans 20 66 14 81 8 34 REIT loans 22 36 15 Tax-exempt loans 2 14 9 Residential mortgage loans 15 35 14 18 16 16 SBL and other 4 5 5 Total nonperforming loans held for investment (2) 
 74 320 30 354 43 218 Total nonperforming loans as a of total bank loans 0.29 0.14 0.21 
 (1) The allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2021 was computed under the CECL methodology, while the prior years were computed under the incurred loss methodology. 
 (2) Total nonperforming loans held for investment at September 30, 2021 included 61 million of nonperforming loans which were current pursuant to their contractual terms, including a 39 million C I loan. 
 September 30, 2018 2017 in millions Nonperforming loan balance Allowance for credit losses balance (1) 
 Nonperforming loan balance Allowance for credit losses balance (1) 
 C I loans 2 123 5 120 CRE loans 33 28 REIT loans 17 15 Tax-exempt loans 9 6 Residential mortgage loans 23 17 34 17 SBL and other 4 4 Total nonperforming loans held for investment 25 203 39 190 Total nonperforming loans as a of total bank loans 0.12 0.23 
 (1) The allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2021 was computed under the CECL methodology, while the prior years were computed under the incurred loss methodology. 
 
 The nonperforming loan balances in the preceding table exclude 8 million, 10 million, 12 million, 12 million and 14 million as of September 30, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, of residential TDRs which were returned to accrual status in accordance with our policy. 
 
 The following table presents total nonperforming assets, including the nonperforming loans in the preceding table and other real estate acquired in the settlement of residential mortgages, as a percentage of Raymond James Bank s total assets. 
 
 Year ended September 30, in millions 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Total nonperforming assets (1) 
 74 32 46 28 44 Total nonperforming assets as a of Raymond James Bank s total assets 0.20 0.10 0.18 0.12 0.21 
 (1) Total nonperforming assets at September 30, 2021 included 61 million of nonperforming loans which were current pursuant to their contractual terms, including a 39 million C I loan. 
 
 Although our nonperforming assets as a percentage of Raymond James Bank s assets remained low as of September 30, 2021, prolonged market deterioration could result in an increase in our nonperforming assets, an increase in our allowance for credit losses and/or an increase in net charge-offs in future periods, although the extent will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain. 
 
 See Note 8 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for loan categories as a percentage of total bank loans. 

71 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

We have received requests from certain borrowers for forbearance, which is generally a short-term deferral of their loan payments or modification of certain covenant terms driven or exacerbated by the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Based on the amortized costs, approximately 13 million and 3 million of our corporate and residential loans, respectively, were in active forbearance as of September 30, 2021. As certain borrowers exit forbearance, we have received requests for loan modifications, including repayment plans. In accordance with the CARES Act and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, we are not applying TDR classification to any COVID-19 related loan modifications performed from March 1, 2020 through December 31, 2021, to borrowers who were current as of December 31, 2019. As of September 30, 2021, we had residential loans of 10 million for which the borrower had requested a loan modification, where the request had been initiated but not completed or approved. As the delinquency status is not affected for loans that are in active forbearance or for loan modifications that have not yet been approved, the recognition of charge-offs, delinquencies, and nonaccrual status could be delayed for those borrowers who would have otherwise moved into past due or nonaccrual status. Forbearance and modification requests have continued to decline and the majority of the borrowers that have exited forbearance but have not requested loan modifications, have become current on their principal and interest payments. 

Loan underwriting policies 
 
 A component of Raymond James Bank s credit risk management strategy is conservative, well-defined policies and procedures. Raymond James Bank s underwriting policies for the major types of loans are described in the following sections. 
 
 Residential mortgage and SBL and other loan portfolios 
 
 Our residential mortgage loan portfolio consists of first mortgage loans originated by us via referrals from our PCG financial advisors and the general public, as well as first mortgage loans purchased by us. All of our residential mortgage loans adhere to strict underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of the borrower, LTV and combined LTV (including second mortgage/home equity loans). As of September 30, 2021, 96 of the residential mortgage loan portfolio consisted of owner-occupant borrowers (75 for their primary residences and 21 for second home residences). Approximately 37 of the first lien residential mortgage loans were ARM loans, which receive interest-only payments based on a fixed rate for an initial period of the loan and then become fully amortizing, subject to annual and lifetime interest rate caps. A significant portion of our originated 15 or 30-year fixed-rate mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market. 
 
 Our SBL and other portfolio is primarily comprised of loans fully collateralized by client s marketable securities and represented 24 of our total loan portfolio as of September 30, 2021. The underwriting policy for the SBL and other portfolio primarily includes a review of collateral, including LTV, and a review of repayment history. 
 
 While we have chosen not to participate in any government-sponsored loan modification programs, our loan modification policy takes into consideration some of the programs parameters and supports every effort to assist borrowers within the guidelines of safety and soundness. In general, we consider the qualification terms outlined in the government-sponsored programs as well as the affordability test and other factors. We retain flexibility to determine the appropriate modification structure and required documentation to support the borrower s current financial situation before approving a modification. Short sales are also used by us to mitigate credit losses. 
 
 Corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios 
 
 Our corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios were comprised of approximately 500 borrowers, the majority of which are underwritten, managed and reviewed at our corporate headquarters location, which facilitates close monitoring of the portfolio by credit risk personnel, relationship officers and senior bank executives. Our corporate loan portfolio is diversified among a number of industries in both the U.S. and Canada and is comprised of project finance real estate loans, commercial lines of credit and term loans, the majority of which are participations in Shared National Credit SNC or other large syndicated loans, and tax-exempt loans. We are sometimes involved in the syndication of the loan at inception and some of these loans have been purchased in secondary trading markets. The remainder of the corporate loan portfolio is comprised of smaller participations and direct loans. There are no subordinated loans or mezzanine financings in the corporate loan portfolio. Our tax-exempt loans are long-term loans to governmental and nonprofit entities. These loans generally have lower overall credit risk, but are subject to other risks that are not usually present with corporate clients, including the risk associated with the constituency served by a local government and the risk in ensuring an obligation has appropriate tax treatment. 
 
 Regardless of the source, all corporate and tax-exempt loans are independently underwritten to our credit policies and are subject to approval by a loan committee, and credit quality is monitored on an ongoing basis by our lending staff. Our credit policies include criteria related to LTV limits based upon property type, single borrower loan limits, loan term and structure parameters (including guidance on leverage, debt service coverage ratios and debt repayment ability), industry concentration 
 
 72 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

limits, secondary sources of repayment, municipality demographics, and other criteria. A large portion of our corporate loans are to borrowers in industries in which we have expertise through coverage provided by our Capital Markets research analysts. Approximately half of our corporate borrowers are public companies. Our corporate loans are generally secured by all assets of the borrower, in some instances are secured by mortgages on specific real estate, and with respect to tax-exempt loans, are generally secured by a pledge of revenue. In a limited number of transactions, loans in the portfolio are extended on an unsecured basis. In addition, corporate and tax-exempt loans are subject to regulatory review. 

Risk monitoring process 
 
 Another component of credit risk strategy for our bank loan portfolio is the ongoing risk monitoring and review processes, including our internal loan review process, for all residential, SBL, corporate and tax-exempt credit exposures, as well as our rigorous processes to manage and limit credit losses arising from loan delinquencies. There are various other factors included in these processes, depending on the loan portfolio. 
 
 Residential mortgage and SBL and other loan portfolios 
 
 The collateral securing our SBL and other portfolio is monitored on a recurring basis, with marketable collateral monitored on a daily basis. Collateral adjustments, as triggered by our monitoring procedures, are made by the borrower as necessary to ensure our loans are adequately secured, resulting in minimizing our credit risk. Collateral calls have been minimal relative to our SBL and other portfolio with no losses incurred to date. 
 
 We track and review many factors to monitor credit risk in our residential mortgage loan portfolio. The factors include, but are not limited to: loan performance trends, loan product parameters and qualification requirements, borrower credit scores, level of documentation, loan purpose, geographic concentrations, average loan size, risk rating and LTV ratios. See Note 8 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of delinquent residential mortgage loans, the vast majority of which are first mortgage loans, which are comprised of loans which are two or more payments past due as well as loans in the process of foreclosure. Amounts in the following table do not include residential loans to borrowers who were granted forbearance as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and whose loans were not considered delinquent prior to the forbearance. Such loans may be considered delinquent after the forbearance period or completion of loss mitigation efforts, depending on their payment status. As a result, the amount of residential loans considered delinquent may increase significantly in the future. 
 
 Amount of delinquent residential loans Delinquent residential loans as a percentage of outstanding loan balances in millions 30-89 days 90 days or more Total 30-89 days 90 days or more Total September 30, 2021 4 6 10 0.08 0.11 0.19 September 30, 2020 3 7 10 0.06 0.14 0.20 
 
 Our September 30, 2021 percentage compares favorably to the national average for over 30 day delinquencies of 2.67 , as most recently reported by the Fed. 
 
 To manage and limit credit losses, we maintain a rigorous process to manage our loan delinquencies. With all residential first mortgages serviced by a third party, the primary collection effort resides with the servicer. Our personnel direct and actively monitor the servicers efforts through extensive communications regarding individual loan status changes and requirements of timely and appropriate collection or property management actions and reporting, including management of third parties used in the collection process (e.g., appraisers, attorneys, etc.). Additionally, every residential mortgage loan over 60 days past due is reviewed by our personnel monthly and documented in a written report detailing delinquency information, balances, collection status, appraised value, and other data points. Our senior management meets quarterly to discuss the status, collection strategy and charge-off recommendations on every residential mortgage loan over 60 days past due. Updated collateral valuations are obtained for loans over 90 days past due and charge-offs are taken on individual loans based on these valuations. 

73 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Credit risk is also managed by diversifying the residential mortgage portfolio. Most of the loans in our residential loan portfolio are to PCG clients across the U.S. The following table details the geographic concentrations (top five states) of our one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. 
 September 30, 2021 Loans outstanding as a of total residential mortgage loans Loans outstanding as a of total bank loans CA 25.6 5.4 FL 17.6 3.7 TX 8.8 1.9 NY 7.9 1.7 CO 4.0 0.8 
 
 Loans where borrowers may be subject to payment increases include ARM loans with terms that initially require payment of interest only. Payments may increase significantly when the interest-only period ends and the loan principal begins to amortize. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, these loans totaled 1.97 billion and 1.67 billion, respectively, or approximately 37 and 34 of the residential mortgage portfolio, respectively. The weighted-average number of years before the remainder of the loans, which were still in their interest-only period at September 30, 2021, begins amortizing is 6 years. 
 
 Corporate and tax-exempt loans 
 
 Credit risk in our corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios is monitored on an individual loan basis for trends in borrower operating performance, payment history, credit ratings, collateral performance, loan covenant compliance, semi-annual SNC exam results, municipality demographics and other factors including industry performance and concentrations. As part of the credit review process, the loan grade is reviewed at least quarterly to confirm the appropriate risk rating for each credit. The individual loan ratings resulting from the SNC exams are incorporated in our internal loan ratings when the ratings are received. If the SNC rating is lower on an individual loan than our internal rating, the loan is downgraded. While we consider historical SNC exam results in our loan ratings methodology, differences between the SNC exam and internal ratings on individual loans typically arise due to subjectivity of the loan classification process. Downgrades resulting from these differences may result in additional provisions for credit losses in periods when SNC exam results are received. The majority of our tax-exempt loan portfolio is comprised of loans to investment-grade borrowers. See Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information on our allowance for credit losses policies. 
 
 Credit risk is managed by diversifying the corporate bank loan portfolio. Our corporate bank loan portfolio does not contain a significant concentration in any single industry. The following table details the industry concentrations (top five categories) of our corporate bank loans. 
 September 30, 2021 Loans outstanding as a of total corporate bank loans Loans outstanding as a of total bank loans Office real estate 7.4 3.6 Consumer products and services 6.8 3.4 Business systems and services 6.7 3.3 Automotive/transportation 6.3 3.1 Multi-family 5.9 2.9 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our corporate loan portfolio in fiscal 2020. Although economic conditions have improved and we reduced our exposure and revised our credit limits related to sectors that we believe to be most vulnerable to the COVID-19 pandemic, such as the energy, airlines, entertainment and leisure, restaurant and gaming sectors, we may experience further losses on our remaining loans to borrowers in these sectors, particularly if economic conditions do not continue to improve in the future. In addition, we continue to monitor our exposure to office real estate, where trends have changed rapidly and possibly permanently as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and may experience additional losses on loans in this sector in the future. We may also experience further losses on corporate loans in other industries as a direct or indirect result of the pandemic, including on our CRE loans secured by retail and hospitality properties. 

Liquidity risk 
 
 See Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and capital resources of this Form 10-K for information regarding our liquidity and how we manage liquidity risk. 

74 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Operational risk 
 
 Operational risk generally refers to the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including, but not limited to, business disruptions, improper or unauthorized execution and processing of transactions, deficiencies in our technology or financial operating systems and inadequacies or breaches in our control processes including cybersecurity incidents (see Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for a discussion of certain cybersecurity risks). These risks are less direct than credit and market risk, but managing them is critical, particularly in a rapidly changing environment with increasing transaction volumes and complexity. We operate different businesses in diverse markets and are reliant on the ability of our employees and systems to process a large number of transactions. In the event of a breakdown or improper operation of systems or improper action by employees, we could suffer financial loss, regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. In order to mitigate and control operational risk, we have developed and continue to enhance specific policies and procedures that are designed to identify and manage operational risk at appropriate levels throughout the organization and within such departments as Finance, Operations, Information Technology, Legal, Compliance, Risk Management and Internal Audit. These control mechanisms attempt to ensure that operational policies and procedures are being followed and that our various businesses are operating within established corporate policies and limits. In addition, we have created business continuity plans for critical systems, and redundancies are built into the systems as deemed appropriate. 
 
 We have an Operational Risk Management Committee comprised of members of senior management, which reviews and addresses operational risks across our businesses. The committee establishes risk appetite levels for major operational risks, monitors operating unit performance for adherence to defined risk tolerances, and establishes policies for risk management at the enterprise level. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we activated and successfully executed on our business continuity protocols and continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic under such protocols. We have endeavored to protect the health and well-being of our associates and our clients while ensuring the continuity of business operations for our clients. As a result, a substantial portion of our associates continue to work remotely. The firm continues to monitor conditions and has developed and is implementing a phased approach to reopening our offices which complies with all applicable laws, regulations, and CDC guidelines. As of September 30, 2021, we had reopened most of our offices in a limited capacity and have been operating under strict public health and safety protocols in such locations. We are planning for a full return to office in the second quarter of our fiscal 2022, which will include more work location flexibility for our associates; however, disruptions caused by variants may impact the timing of the implementation of these plans. Periods of severe market volatility, such as those that arose most notably in fiscal 2020 in response to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, can result in a significantly higher level of transactions on specific days and other activity which may present operational challenges from time to time that may result in losses. These losses can result from, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, or interruptions to our system processing. We did not incur any significant losses related to such operational challenges during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 As more fully described in the discussion of our business technology risks included in various risk factors presented in Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K, despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, and other events that could have an impact on the security and stability of our operations. 

Model risk 
 
 Model risk refers to the possibility of unintended business outcomes arising from the design, implementation or use of models. Models are used throughout the firm for a variety of purposes such as the valuation of financial instruments, the calculation of our allowance for credit losses, assessing risk, stress testing, and to assist in making certain business decisions. Model risk includes the potential risk that management makes incorrect decisions based upon either incorrect model results or incorrect understanding and use of model results. Model risk may also occur when model outputs differ from the expected result. Model errors or misuse could result in significant financial loss, inaccurate financial or regulatory reporting, misaligned business strategies or damage to our reputation. 
 
 Model Risk Management MRM is a separate department within our Risk Management department and is independent of model owners, users, and developers. Our model risk management framework consists primarily of model governance, maintaining the firmwide model inventory, validating and approving models used across the firm, and ongoing monitoring. Results of validations and issues identified are reported to the Enterprise Risk Management Committee and the Audit and Risk 
 
 75 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Committee of the Board of Directors. MRM assumes responsibility for the independent and effective challenge of model completeness, integrity and design based on intended use. 

Compliance risk 
 
 Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or reputational damage that the firm may suffer from a failure to comply with applicable laws, external standards, or internal requirements. 
 
 We have established a framework to oversee, manage, and mitigate compliance risk throughout the firm, both within and across businesses, functions, legal entities, and jurisdictions. The framework includes roles and responsibilities for the Board of Directors, senior management, and all three lines of risk management. This framework also includes programs and processes through which the firm identifies, assesses, controls, measures, monitors, and reports on compliance risk and provides compliance-related training throughout the firm. The Compliance department plays a key leadership role in the oversight, management, and mitigation of compliance risk throughout the firm. It does this by conducting an annual compliance risk assessment, carrying out compliance monitoring and testing activities, implementing compliance policies, training associates on compliance-related topics, and reporting compliance risk-related issues and metrics to the Board of Directors and senior management, among other activities. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 See Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk management of this Form 10-K for our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. 

76 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 84 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 - Organization and basis of presentation 86 
 Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies 86 
 Note 3 - Acquisitions 104 
 Note 4 - Fair value 106 
 Note 5 - Available-for-sale securities 112 
 Note 6 - Derivative assets and derivative liabilities 114 
 Note 7 - Collateralized agreements and financings 116 
 Note 8 - Bank loans, net 117 
 Note 9 - Loans to financial advisors, net 123 
 Note 10 - Variable interest entities 123 
 Note 11 - Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net 125 
 Note 12 - Other assets 127 
 Note 13 - Property and equipment, net 127 
 Note 14 - Leases 128 
 Note 15 - Bank deposits 129 
 Note 16 - Other borrowings 130 
 Note 17 - Senior notes payable 131 
 Note 18 - Income taxes 132 
 Note 19 - Commitments, contingencies and guarantees 134 
 Note 20 - Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 137 
 Note 21 - Revenues 138 
 Note 22 - Interest income and interest expense 141 
 Note 23 - Share-based and other compensation 141 
 Note 24 - Regulatory capital requirements 143 
 Note 25 - Earnings per share 145 
 Note 26 - Segment information 146 
 Note 27 - Condensed financial information (parent company only) 148 

77 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Raymond James Financial, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Raymond James Financial, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated November 23, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Assessment of the allowance for credit losses related to the commercial and industrial (C I), real estate investment trust (REIT) and the commercial real estate (CRE) portfolio segments that are collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 and Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses on Bank loans was 320 million as of September 30, 2021, a portion of which related to the allowance for credit losses (ACL) on C I, REIT and CRE portfolio segments evaluated on a collective basis (the collective ACL). The Company estimates the collective ACL using a current expected credit losses methodology which is based on relevant information about historical losses, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions that affect the collectability of loan balances. The collective ACL is a product of multiplying the Company s estimates of probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default. The Company uses third-party historical information 
 
 78 

combined with macroeconomic variables over the reasonable and supportable forecast periods based on a single economic forecast scenario to estimate the PDs and LGDs. After the reasonable and supportable forecast periods, for C I and REIT portfolio segments, the Company reverts to historical loss information over a one-year period using a straight-line reversion approach. For the CRE portfolio segment, the Company incorporates a reasonable and supportable forecast of various macroeconomic variables over the remaining life of the assets. The estimated PDs and LGDs are applied to estimated exposure at default considering the contractual loan term adjusted for expected prepayments to estimate expected losses. Adjustments are made to the collective ACL to reflect certain qualitative factors that are not incorporated into the quantitative models and related estimate. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the September 30, 2021 collective ACL on Bank loans related to the C I, REIT and CRE portfolio segments as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the September 30, 2021 collective ACL methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate the PDs and LGDs and their significant assumptions. Such significant assumptions included portfolio segmentation, risk ratings, the selection of the single economic forecast scenario and macroeconomic variables, the reasonable and supportable forecast periods and the reversion periods, and third-party historical information. The assessment also included the evaluation of the qualitative factors by portfolio segment. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD and LGD models. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the September 30, 2021 collective ACL estimate on Bank loans related to the C I, REIT and CRE portfolio segments, including controls over the: 
 development of the collective ACL methodology on Bank loans related to the C I, REIT and CRE portfolio segments 
 development of the PD and LGD models 
 identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the PD and LGD models 
 development of the qualitative methodology and factors 
 performance monitoring of the PD and LGD models 
 analysis of the collective ACL on Bank loans related to the C I, REIT and CRE portfolio segments results, trends, and ratios. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the September 30, 2021 collective ACL estimate on Bank loans related to the C I, REIT and CRE portfolio segments by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the Company s collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the development and performance testing of the PD and LGD models by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices 
 assessing the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD and LGD models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use 
 evaluating the selection of the economic forecast scenario and underlying macroeconomic variables by comparing it to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 evaluating the length of the reasonable and supportable forecast periods and the reversion periods by comparing them to specific portfolio segment risk characteristics and trends 
 determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 evaluating the relevance of third-party historical information by comparing to specific portfolio segment risk characteristics 
 performing credit file reviews on a selection of loans to assess loan characteristics or risk ratings by evaluating the financial performance of the borrower, sources of repayment, and any relevant guarantees or underlying collateral and 
 evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative factors and the effect of those factors on the allowance for credit losses on Bank loans compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative models. 

79 

We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the September 30, 2021 collective ACL estimate on Bank loans related to the C I, REIT and CRE portfolio segments by evaluating the: 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices and 
 potential bias in the accounting estimate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. 
 
 Tampa, Florida 
 November 23, 2021 
 
 80 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION September 30, in millions, except per share amounts 2021 2020 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash and at fair value) 
 Collateralized agreements Financial instruments, at fair value: Trading assets and pledged as collateral) 
 Available-for-sale securities and pledged as collateral) 
 Derivative assets Other investments and pledged as collateral) 
 Brokerage client receivables, net Other receivables, net Bank loans, net Loans to financial advisors, net Deferred income taxes, net 
 Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net 
 Other assets 
 Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity: 
 Bank deposits Collateralized financings 
 Financial instrument liabilities, at fair value: Trading liabilities Derivative liabilities Brokerage client payables Accrued compensation, commissions and benefits Other payables Other borrowings 
 Senior notes payable 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 19) 
 Shareholders equity 
 Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; - - shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and common shares as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Total equity attributable to Raymond James Financial, Inc. Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 81 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year ended September 30, in millions, except per share amounts 2021 2020 2019 Revenues: Asset management and related administrative fees 
 Brokerage revenues: 
 Securities commissions 
 Principal transactions 
 Total brokerage revenues 
 Account and service fees 
 Investment banking 
 Interest income 
 Other 
 Total revenues 
 Interest expense 
 ) ) ) Net revenues 
 Non-interest expenses: 
 Compensation, commissions and benefits 
 Non-compensation expenses: 
 Communications and information processing 
 Occupancy and equipment 
 Business development 
 Investment sub-advisory fees 
 Professional fees 
 Bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses ) Losses on extinguishment of debt Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 
 Reduction in workforce expenses Other 
 Total non-compensation expenses Total non-interest expenses Pre-tax income 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Net income 
 Earnings per common share basic 
 Earnings per common share diluted 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 
 Weighted-average common and common equivalent shares outstanding diluted 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: Available-for-sale securities 
 ) Currency translations, net of the impact of net investment hedges ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Total other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive income 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 82 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Year ended September 30, in millions, except per share amounts 2021 2020 2019 Common stock, par value per share: 
 Balance beginning of year 
 Share issuances Issuance of shares for stock split Other ) Balance end of year 
 Additional paid-in capital: 
 Balance beginning of year 
 Employee stock purchases 
 Vesting of restricted stock units and exercise of stock options, net of forfeitures ) ) Restricted stock, stock option and restricted stock unit expense Acquisition of noncontrolling interest and other 
 ) Issuance of shares for stock split ) Balance end of year 
 Retained earnings: 
 Balance beginning of year 
 Cumulative adjustments for changes in accounting principles ) Net income attributable to Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 Cash dividends declared (see Note 25) 
 ) ) ) Balance end of year 
 Treasury stock: 
 Balance beginning of year 
 ) ) ) Purchases/surrenders 
 ) ) ) Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, net of forfeitures 
 ) Balance end of year 
 ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss): 
 Balance beginning of year 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax 
 ) Other 
 ) Balance end of year 
 ) ) Total equity attributable to Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 Noncontrolling interests: 
 Balance beginning of year 
 Net income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other 
 ) ) Balance end of year 
 Total shareholders equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 83 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year ended September 30, in millions 2021 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Premium and discount amortization on available-for-sale securities and net gain/loss on other investments Provisions/(benefits) for credit losses and legal and regulatory proceedings ) Share-based compensation expense Unrealized gain on company-owned life insurance policies, net of expenses ) ) ) Losses on extinguishment of debt Goodwill impairment Other Net change in: 
 Assets segregated for regulatory purposes excluding cash and cash equivalents ) Collateralized agreements, net of collateralized financings ) ) ) Loans provided to financial advisors, net of repayments ) ) ) Brokerage client receivables and other receivables, net ) Trading instruments, net ) Derivative instruments, net ) ) Other assets ) ) Brokerage client payables and other payables ) Accrued compensation, commissions and benefits Purchases and originations of loans held for sale, net of proceeds from sales of securitizations and loans held for sale 
 ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Increase in bank loans, net 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for investment 
 Purchases of available-for-sale securities 
 ) ) ) Available-for-sale securities maturations, repayments and redemptions 
 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities 
 Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 ) ) ) Additions to property and equipment 
 ) ) ) Other investing activities, net 
 ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 84 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year ended September 30, in millions 2021 2020 2019 Cash flows from financing activities: Increase in bank deposits Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options and employee stock purchases Proceeds from senior notes issuances, net of debt issuance costs paid Extinguishment of senior notes payable ) Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances Repayments of Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowed funds ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings on the RJF Credit Facility Repayment of borrowings on the RJF Credit Facility ) Other financing, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Currency adjustment: Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents, including those segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, including those segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, including those segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash at end of year Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents, including those segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net Cash outflows for lease liabilities N/A Non-cash right-of-use assets recorded for new and modified leases N/A 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 85 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2021 

NOTE 1 
 
 -owned subsidiaries. In addition, we consolidate any variable interest entity VIE in which we are the primary beneficiary. Additional information on these VIEs is provided in Note 2 and in Note 10 of this Form 10-K. When we do not have a controlling interest in an entity, but we exert significant influence over the entity, we apply the equity method of accounting. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 On August 24, 2021, our Board approved a three-for-two stock split, effected in the form of a stock dividend, paid on September 21, 2021. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect this stock split. 

NOTE 2 - 

million (including million related to loans to financial advisors, million related to funded bank loans and million related to unfunded lending commitments) and a corresponding reduction in the beginning balance of retained earnings of 
 
 86 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, net of tax. Prior-period amounts were calculated under the incurred loss model and have not been restated. See Notes 8 and 9 for further information related to bank loans and loans to financial advisors and the related allowances for credit losses. Our significant accounting policies described below have been updated for adoption of this guidance where applicable. 

87 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

88 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion of U.S. Treasuries with maturities of 3 months or less as of our date of purchase), and highly liquid securities, such as U.S. Treasuries, which have maturities of greater than 3 months as of our date of purchase and are carried at fair value on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition billion as of September 30, 2021). 
 
 We may also from time-to-time be required to restrict cash for other corporate purposes, including cash contractually required to fund acquisition commitments (see Note 3 for further discussion). In addition, Raymond James Ltd. RJ Ltd. holds client Registered Retirement Savings Plan funds in trust in accordance with Canadian retirement plan regulations. 
 
 Collateralized agreements and financings 

89 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

90 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

91 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

92 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

93 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

loan portfolio segments: C I, commercial real estate CRE (primarily loans that are secured by income-producing properties and CRE construction loans), REIT (loans made to businesses that own or finance income-producing real estate), tax-exempt, residential mortgage, and SBL and other. These portfolio segments also serve as the portfolio loan classes for purposes of credit analysis. See the Allowance for credit losses section below for information on our allowance policies. 
 
 Loans held for sale 
 
 Certain residential mortgage loans originated and intended for sale in the secondary market due to their fixed interest rate terms, as well as Small Business Administration SBA loans purchased and intended for sale in the secondary market but not yet aggregated for securitization into pools, are each carried at the lower of cost or estimated fair value. The fair values of the residential mortgage loans held for sale are estimated using observable prices obtained from counterparties for similar loans. These nonrecurring fair value measurements are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 We purchase t he guaranteed portions of SBA loans and account f or these loans in accordance with the policy for loans held for sale. We then aggregate SBA loans with similar characteristics into pools for securitization and sell these pools in the secondary market. Individual SBA loans may be sold prior to securitization. The fair values of the SBA loans are determined based upon their committed sales price, third-party price quotes, or are determined using a third-party pricing service. 
 
 Once the SBA loans are securitized into a pool, the respective securities are classified as trading instruments and are carried at fair value based on our intention to sell the securitizations. Sales of the securitizations are accounted for as of settlement date, which is the date we have surrendered control over the transferred assets. We do not retain any interest in the securitizations once they are sold. 
 
 Corporate loans, which include C I, CRE and REIT loans, and tax-exempt loans are designated as held for investment upon inception and recognized in loans receivable. If we subsequently designate a corporate or tax-exempt loan as held for sale, which generally occurs as part of our credit management activities, we then write down the carrying value of the loan with a partial charge-off, if necessary, to carry it at the lower of cost or estimated fair value. 
 
 Gains and losses on sales of residential mortgage loans held for sale, SBA loans that are not part of a securitized pool, and corporate loans transferred from the held for investment portfolio, are included as a component of Other revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, while interest collected on these assets is included in Interest income. Net unrealized losses are a component of Other revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Unfunded lending commitments 
 
 We have outstanding at any time a significant number of commitments to extend credit and other credit-related off-balance-sheet financial instruments such as revolving lines of credit, standby letters of credit and loan purchases. Our policy is 
 
 94 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 days or more as to contractual interest or principal unless the loan, in our opinion, is well-secured and in the process of collection. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, the accrued and unpaid interest receivable is written-off against interest income and accretion of the net deferred loan origination fees ceases. Interest is recognized using the cash method for residential mortgage loans and SBL and other loans, and the cost recovery method for corporate and tax-exempt loans thereafter until the loan qualifies for return to accrual status. Most loans (including residential mortgage TDRs) are returned to an accrual status when the loans have been brought contractually current with the original or amended terms and have been maintained on a current basis for a reasonable period, generally . However, corporate loan TDRs have generally been partially charged off and therefore, remain on nonaccrual status until the loan is fully repaid or sold. 
 
 Other real estate acquired in the settlement of loans, including through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure, is initially recorded at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated selling costs through a charge to the allowance for credit losses, thus establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed and the assets are carried at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value, as determined by a current appraisal or valuation less estimated costs to sell, and are included in Other assets on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. These nonrecurring fair value measurements are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Bank loan charge-off policies 
 
 Corporate and tax-exempt loans are monitored on an individual basis, and loan grades are reviewed at least quarterly to ensure they reflect the loan s current credit risk. When we determine that it is likely that a corporate or tax-exempt loan will not be collected in full, the loan is evaluated for a potential write down of the carrying value. After consideration of the borrower s ability to restructure the loan, alternative sources of repayment, and other factors affecting the borrower s ability to repay the debt, the portion of the loan deemed to be a confirmed loss, if any, is charged-off. For collateral-dependent loans secured by real estate, the amount of the loan considered a confirmed loss and charged-off is generally equal to the difference between the recorded investment in the loan and the collateral s appraised value less estimated costs to sell. For C I and tax-exempt loans, we evaluate all sources of repayment to arrive at the amount considered to be a loss and charged-off. Corporate banking and credit risk managers also meet regularly to review criticized loans (i.e., loans that are rated special mention or worse as defined by bank regulators, see Note 8 for further discussion). Additional charge-offs are taken when the value of the collateral changes or there is an adverse change in the expected cash flows. 

95 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million that are shared between or more regulated institutions. The agent bank s regulator reviews a portion of SNC loans on a semi-annual basis and provides a synopsis of each loan s regulatory classification, including loans that are designated for nonaccrual status and directed charge-offs. We are at least as critical with nonaccrual designations, directed charge-offs, and classifications, potentially impacting our allowance for credit losses and charge-offs. Corporate loans are subject to our internal review procedures and regulatory review by the Florida Office of Financial Regulation OFR and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System the Fed as part of the Bank s regulatory examinations. 
 
 Every residential mortgage loan over days past due is reviewed to determine loan status, collection strategy and charge-off recommendations. Charge-offs are typically considered on residential mortgage loans once the loans are delinquent days or more and then generally taken before the loan is days past due. A charge-off is taken against the allowance for credit losses for the difference between the loan amount and the amount that we estimate will ultimately be collected, based on the value of the underlying collateral less estimated costs to sell. We predominantly use broker price opinions for these valuations. If a loan remains in pre-foreclosure status for more than , an updated valuation is obtained to determine if further charge-offs are necessary. 
 
 period, with interest recognized as earned and are contingent upon affiliation with us (i.e., whether the advisor is actively affiliated with us or has terminated affiliation with us). These loans are not assignable by the financial advisor and may only be assigned by us to a successor in interest. There is no fee income associated with these loans. In the event that the financial advisor is no longer affiliated with us, any unpaid balance of such loan becomes immediately due and payable to us and generally does not continue to accrue interest. Based upon the nature of these financing receivables, affiliation status is the primary credit risk factor within this portfolio. We present the outstanding balance of loans to financial advisors on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, net of the allowance for credit losses. Refer to the allowance for credit losses section that follows for further information related to our allowance for credit losses on our loans to financial advisors. See Note 9 for additional information on our loans to financial advisors. 
 
 Loans for financial advisors who are actively affiliated with us are considered past due once they are 30 days or more delinquent as to the payment of contractual interest or principal. Such loans are placed on nonaccrual status when we determine that full payment of contractual principal and interest is in doubt, or the loan is past due 180 days or more as to contractual interest or principal. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, the accrued and unpaid interest receivable is written-off against interest income. Interest is recognized using the cash method for these loans thereafter until the loan qualifies for return to accrual status. Loans are returned to an accrual status when the loans have been brought contractually current with the original terms and have been maintained on a current basis for a reasonable period, generally six months. 
 
 When we determine that it is likely a loan will not be collected in full, the loan is evaluated for a potential write down of the carrying value. After consideration of the borrower s ability to restructure the loan, sources of repayment, and other factors affecting the borrower s ability to repay the debt, the portion of the loan deemed a confirmed loss, if any, is charged-off. A charge-off is taken against the allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost and the amount we estimate will ultimately be collected. Additional charge-offs are taken if there is an adverse change in the expected cash flows. 

96 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

97 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

98 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment to years 
 Software to years 
 Leasehold improvements (lessee-owned) Lesser of useful life or lease term 
 
 Costs for significant internally developed software projects are capitalized when the costs relate to development of new applications or modification of existing internal-use software that results in additional functionality. Internally developed software project costs related to preliminary-project and post-project activities are expensed as incurred. 

99 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

100 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

101 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 or more investor members or limited partners. These LIHTC funds are organized as LLCs or limited partnerships for the purpose of investing in a number of project partnerships, which are limited partnerships or LLCs that purchase and develop, or hold, low-income housing properties qualifying for tax credits and/or provide a mechanism for banks and other institutions to meet their Community Reinvestment Act obligations throughout the U.S. 
 
 Our determination of the primary beneficiary of each tax credit fund in which RJTCF has a variable interest requires judgment and is based on an analysis of all relevant facts and circumstances, including: (1) an assessment of the characteristics of RJTCF s variable interest and other involvement it has with the tax credit fund, including involvement of related parties and any de facto agents, as well as the involvement of other variable interest holders, namely, limited partners or investor members, and (2) the tax credit fund s purpose and design, including the risks that the tax credit fund was designed to create and pass through to its variable interest holders. In the design of most tax credit fund VIEs, the investor members invest solely for tax attributes associated with the portfolio of low-income housing properties held by the fund. However, the tax credit fund VIEs which invest and hold LIHTC project partnerships that have already delivered most of the tax credits to their investors hold the projects to monetize anticipated future tax benefits for which the project may ultimately qualify. In both instances, RJTCF, as the managing member or general partner of the fund, is responsible for overseeing the fund s operations. 
 
 RJTCF sponsors general types of tax credit funds designed to deliver tax benefits to the investors. Generally, neither type meets the VIE consolidation criteria. These types of funds include single investor funds and multi-investor funds. RJTCF does not typically provide guarantees related to the delivery or funding of tax credits or other tax attributes to the investor members or limited partners of tax credit funds. The investor member(s) or limited partner(s) of the VIEs bear the risk of loss on their investment. Additionally, under the tax credit funds designed structure, the investor member(s) or limited partner(s) receive nearly all of the tax credits and tax-deductible loss benefits designed to be delivered by the fund entity, as well as a majority of any proceeds upon a sale of a project partnership held by a tax credit fund (fund level residuals). RJTCF earns fees from the fund for its services in organizing the fund, identifying and acquiring the project partnership investments and ongoing asset management, and receives a share of any residuals arising from sale of project partnerships upon the termination of the fund. 
 
 In single investor funds that deliver tax benefits, RJTCF has concluded that the single investor member or limited partner in such funds, in nearly all instances, has significant participating rights over the activities that most significantly impact the 
 
 102 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 party with power over such activities and resultantly is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of such single investor funds and, in nearly all cases, these funds are not consolidated. 
 
 In multi-investor funds that deliver tax benefits, RJTCF has concluded that since the participating rights over the activities that most significantly impact the economics of the fund are not held by one single investor member or limited partner, RJTCF is deemed to have the power over such activities. RJTCF then assesses whether its projected benefits to be received from the multi-investor funds, primarily its share of any residuals upon the termination of the fund, are potentially significant to the fund. As such residuals received upon termination are not expected to be significant to the funds, in nearly all cases, these funds are not consolidated. 
 
 LIHTC funds designed to hold projects to monetize future tax benefits for which the project may qualify are also sponsored by RJTCF in either single investor or multi-investor form. In single investor form, the limited partner has significant participating rights over the activities that most significantly impact the economics of the fund, and therefore RJTCF is not the primary beneficiary of such funds and such funds are not consolidated. In multi-investor form, RJTCF has concluded it meets both the power and benefits criteria for such funds since participating rights are not held by any one single investor, and thus RJTCF is deemed to have the power over such activities. In such instances, since RJTCF has benefit opportunities in the fund that could potentially be significant, such fund is consolidated. 
 
 Direct investments in LIHTC project partnerships 
 
 Raymond James Bank is the investor member of a LIHTC fund that delivers tax benefits which we have determined to be a VIE, and in which a subsidiary of RJTCF is the managing member. We have determined that Raymond James Bank is the primary beneficiary of this VIE and therefore, we consolidate the fund. These LIHTC funds which we consolidate are investor members in certain LIHTC project partnerships. Since unrelated third parties are the managing members of the investee project partnerships, we have determined that consolidation of these project partnerships is not required and the funds account for their project partnership investments under the equity method. The carrying value of the funds project partnership investments are included in Other assets on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Any losses on such equity method investments are included in Other expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The federal tax credits that result from these investments reduce our provision for income taxes in the year they are received. 

103 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 3 
 
 million of goodwill and million of identifiable intangible assets. The goodwill associated with this acquisition primarily represents synergies from combining NWPS with our existing businesses. The identifiable intangible assets primarily relate to client relationships and have a weighted-average useful life of years. 
 
 Financo 
 
 In March 2021, we completed our acquisition of all of the outstanding ownership interests of Financo, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively Financo ), an investment bank focused on the consumer sector. The addition of Financo expands our investment banking capabilities in the consumer and retail space, both domestically and internationally. For purposes of certain acquisition-related financial reporting requirements, the Financo acquisition was not considered a material acquisition. Financo has been integrated into our Capital Markets segment and its results of operations have been included in our results prospectively from the closing date of March 30, 2021. 
 
 During the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, the Financo acquisition resulted in the addition of million of goodwill and million of identifiable intangible assets. The goodwill associated with this acquisition primarily represents synergies from combining Financo with our existing businesses and is generally deductible for tax purposes over years. The identifiable intangible assets primarily relate to client relationships and have a weighted-average useful life of months. 
 
 Cebile 
 
 In September 2021, we completed our acquisition of all of the outstanding ownership interests of Cebile Capital Cebile ), a private fund placement agent and secondary market advisor to private equity firms. The addition of Cebile deepens our investment banking relationships with the private equity community and expands our related service offerings. For purposes of certain acquisition-related financial reporting requirements, the Cebile acquisition was not considered a material acquisition. Cebile has been integrated into our Capital Markets segment and its results of operations have been included in our results prospectively from the closing date of September 1, 2021. 
 
 During the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, the Cebile acquisition resulted in the addition of million of goodwill and million of identifiable intangible assets. The goodwill associated with this acquisition primarily represents synergies from combining Cebile with our existing businesses. The identifiable intangible assets primarily relate to client relationships and have a weighted-average useful life of years. Due to the timing of the close of this acquisition, certain information is not yet available and the amounts of goodwill and intangible assets are considered provisional. We believe the information currently available provides a reasonable basis for estimating the fair value of these assets. However, these provisional estimates may be adjusted upon the availability of new information regarding facts and circumstances which existed at the acquisition date. We expect to finalize this valuation in our fiscal first quarter of 2022. 

104 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 per share, or approximately million million as of July 28, 2021). Under the terms of the intended offer, a loan note alternative will be available to Charles Stanley shareholders which will enable eligible Charles Stanley shareholders to elect to receive a loan note in lieu of part or all of the cash consideration to which they would otherwise be entitled under the terms of the offer. The initial interest rate for the loan note alternative for the first year is . The note bears interest at a variable rate which resets annually, calculated as the Bank of England s base rate plus a differential defined in the loan note, with the interest rate not to exceed in any period. The transaction, which is subject to U.K. Financial Conduct Authority approval, is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2022. We have segregated million in cash to fund the acquisition on the closing date, which is included in Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2021. The acquisition would provide us the opportunity to accelerate growth in the U.K. and, through Charles Stanley s multiple affiliation options, give us the ability to offer wealth management affiliation choices consistent with our model in the U.S. and Canada. For purposes of certain acquisition-related financial reporting requirements, the Charles Stanley acquisition will not be considered a material acquisition. Charles Stanley will operate within our PCG segment upon completion of the acquisition. 
 
 TriState Capital 
 
 On October 20, 2021, we announced we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. TriState Capital in a combination cash and stock transaction, valued at approximately billion. Under the terms of the agreement, TriState Capital common stockholders will receive cash and RJF shares for each share of TriState Capital common stock, which represents per share consideration of based on the closing price of RJF common stock on October 19, 2021. We have entered into an agreement with the sole holder of the TriState Capital Series C Perpetual Non-Cumulative Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock Series C Convertible Preferred pursuant to which the Series C Convertible Preferred will be converted to common shares at the prescribed exchange ratio and cashed out at per share. The TriState Capital Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock and Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock will remain outstanding and will be converted into equivalent preferred stock of RJF. The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and approval by TriState Capital shareholders, is expected to close in fiscal 2022. We currently have the ability to utilize our cash on hand to fund the acquisition. TriState Capital offers private banking, commercial banking, and investment management products and services. TriState Capital will continue to operate as a separately branded firm and as an independently-charted bank subsidiary upon closing of the acquisition. 
 
 Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 
 
 Certain acquisition and integration costs associated with these acquisitions were included in Acquisition and disposition-related expenses during fiscal 2021 on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. Such costs primarily included legal and other professional fees and, with respect to Financo and Cebile, amortization expense related to identifiable intangible assets with short useful lives. 
 Identifiable intangible amortization Other professional fees Total Acquisition-related expenses Disposition-related expenses (1) 
 Total Acquisition and disposition-related expenses 
 
 (1) The twelve months ended September 30, 2020 included a million loss in our Capital Markets segment related to the sale of our interests in certain entities that operated predominantly in France. The twelve months ended September 30, 2019 included a million loss in our Capital Markets segment on the sale of our operations related to research, sales and trading of European equities. 
 
 105 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4 

Trading assets: Municipal and provincial obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Government and agency obligations 
 Agency MBS, CMOs and asset-backed securities ABS Non-agency CMOs and ABS Total debt securities 
 Equity securities 
 Brokered certificates of deposit 
 Other 
 Total trading assets Available-for-sale securities (2) 
 Derivative assets: Interest rate - matched book 
 Interest rate - other 
 ) Foreign exchange 
 Total derivative assets 
 ) Other investments - private equity - not measured at NAV 
 All other investments: Government and agency obligations (3) 
 Other Total all other investments Subtotal 
 ) Other investments - private equity - measured at NAV 
 Total assets at fair value on a recurring basis 
 ) Liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 Trading liabilities: Municipal and provincial obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Government and agency obligations 
 Total debt securities 
 Equity securities 
 Total trading liabilities Derivative liabilities: Interest rate - matched book 
 Interest rate - other 
 ) Other 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 ) Total liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis ) 

106 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Corporate obligations 
 Government and agency obligations 
 Agency MBS and agency CMOs Non-agency CMOs and ABS 
 Total debt securities 
 Equity securities 
 Brokered certificates of deposit 
 Other 
 Total trading assets Available-for-sale securities (2) 
 Derivative assets: Interest rate - matched book Interest rate - other 
 ) Total derivative assets ) Other investments - private equity - not measured at NAV 
 All other investments: Government and agency obligations (3) 
 Other Total all other investments Subtotal 
 ) Other investments - private equity - measured at NAV 
 Total assets at fair value on a recurring basis 
 ) Liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 Trading liabilities: Municipal and provincial obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Government and agency obligations 
 Non-agency CMOs and ABS 
 Total debt securities 
 Equity securities 
 Total trading liabilities Derivative liabilities: Interest rate - matched book 
 Interest rate - other 
 ) Foreign exchange 
 Other 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 ) Total liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis 
 ) 
 
 (1) These assets consist of U.S. Treasuries with maturities greater than 3 months as of our date of purchase. 
 (2) Substantially all of our available-for-sale securities consist of agency MBS and agency CMOs. See Note 5 for further information. 

107 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Total gains/(losses) included in earnings 
 ) Purchases and contributions 
 Sales and distributions ) ) ) Transfers: 
 Into Level 3 
 Out of Level 3 Fair value end of year 
 ) Unrealized gains/(losses) for the year included in earnings for instruments held at the end of the year 
 ) 
 
 The net unrealized gains included in earnings on our Level 3 private equity investments for the year ended September 30, 2021 primarily reflected the impact of continued improvement in market conditions and an improved outlook for certain of our investments. Of these gains, million were attributable to noncontrolling interests, which are reflected as an offset in Other expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 
 Level 3 instruments at fair value 
 Financial assets Financial liabilities Trading assets Other investments Trading liabilities Derivative liabilities in millions Other Private equity investments All other Other Other Fair value beginning of year 
 ) Total gains/(losses) included in earnings 
 ) ) ) ) Purchases and contributions 
 Sales and distributions ) ) ) Transfers: 
 Into Level 3 
 Out of Level 3 
 Fair value end of year 
 ) Unrealized gains/(losses) for the year included in earnings for instruments held at the end of the year 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The net unrealized losses on our Level 3 private equity investments for the year ended September 30, 2020 were primarily driven by the then anticipated negative impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic on certain of our investments. Of these losses, million were attributable to noncontrolling interests, which are reflected as an offset in Other expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 

108 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 of our assets and of our liabilities were measured at fair value on a recurring basis. In comparison, as of September 30, 2020, of our assets and of our liabilities were measured at fair value on a recurring basis. As of both September 30, 2021 and 2020, Level 3 assets represented less than of our assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 
 Quantitative information about level 3 fair value measurements 
 
 Discounted cash flow, transaction price or other investment-specific events Discount rate 
 Terminal earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA multiple x 
 Terminal year 2023 - 2035 (2024) 
 Fair value at September 30, 2020 
 Other investments - private equity investments (not measured at NAV) 
 Discounted cash flow, transaction price or other investment-specific events Discount rate 
 Terminal EBITDA multiple x 
 Terminal year 2021 - 2042 (2023) 

Qualitative information about unobservable inputs 
 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of private equity investments generally relate to the financial performance of the investment entity and the market s required return on investments from entities in industries in which we hold investments. Increases in the discount rate would have resulted in a lower fair value measurement. Increases in the terminal EBITDA multiple would have resulted in a higher fair value measurement. Increases in the terminal year are dependent upon each investment s strategy, but generally result in a lower fair value measurement. 
 
 Investments in private equity measured at net asset value per share 
 
 As a practical expedient, we utilize NAV or its equivalent to determine the recorded value of a portion of our private equity investments portfolio. We utilize NAV when the fund investment does not have a readily determinable fair value and the NAV of the fund is calculated in a manner consistent with the measurement principles of investment company accounting, including measurement of the investments at fair value. 
 
 Our private equity portfolio as of September 30, 2021 includes various direct investments, as well as investments in third-party private equity funds and various legacy private equity funds which we sponsor. The portfolio is primarily invested in a broad range of strategies including leveraged buyouts, growth capital, distressed capital, venture capital and mezzanine capital. Due to the closed-end nature of certain of our fund investments, such investments cannot be redeemed directly with the funds. Our investment is monetized by distributions received through the liquidation of the underlying assets of those funds, the timing of which is uncertain. 

109 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Private equity investments not measured at NAV Total private equity investments September 30, 2020 Private equity investments measured at NAV Private equity investments not measured at NAV Total private equity investments 
 
 Of the total private equity investments, the portions we owned were million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The portions of the private equity investments we did not own were million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included as a component of noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 As a financial holding company, we are subject to holding period limitations for our merchant banking activities. Additionally, many of our private equity fund investments meet the definition of prohibited covered funds as defined by the Volcker Rule enacted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act ). We have received approval from the Fed to continue to hold the majority of our covered fund investments until July 2022. As a result, we will be required to exit or restructure certain of our private equity investments during fiscal 2022. 
 
 Financial instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 
 Collateral or discounted cash flow (1) 
 Prepayment rate yrs. - yrs. yrs.) 
 Corporate loans Collateral or discounted cash flow (1) 
 Not meaningful (1) 
 Not meaningful (1) 
 Loans held for sale N/A N/A N/A September 30, 2020 Bank loans: Residential mortgage loans Collateral or discounted cash flow (1) 
 Prepayment rate yrs. - yrs. yrs.) 
 Corporate loans Collateral or discounted cash flow (1) 
 Not meaningful (1) 
 Not meaningful (1) 
 Loans held for sale N/A N/A N/A Other assets: other real estate owned N/A N/A N/A 
 
 (1) The valuation techniques used to estimate the fair values are based on collateral value less selling costs for the collateral-dependent loans and discounted cash flows for loans that are not collateral-dependent. 

110 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Financial liabilities: 
 Bank deposits - certificates of deposit Senior notes payable September 30, 2020 Financial assets: 
 Bank loans, net 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Bank deposits - certificates of deposit Senior notes payable 
 
 Short-term financial instruments: The carrying value of short-term financial instruments, such as cash and cash equivalents, including amounts segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash, and the majority of collateralized agreements and collateralized financings, are recorded at amounts that approximate the fair value of these instruments. These financial instruments generally expose us to limited credit risk and have no stated maturities or have short-term maturities and carry interest rates that approximate market rates. Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and cash equivalents, including amounts segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash, are classified as Level 1 and collateralized agreements and financings are classified as Level 2. 
 
 Bank loans, net: These financial instruments are primarily comprised of loans originated or purchased by Raymond James Bank and include C I loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, tax-exempt loans, SBL and other loans intended to be held until maturity or payoff. These financial instruments are primarily recorded at amounts that result from the application of the methodologies for loans held for investment summarized in Note 2. Certain bank loans are held for sale, which are carried at the lower of cost or market value. A portion of these loans held for sale, as well as certain held for investment loans which have been written-down, are recorded at fair value as nonrecurring fair value measurements and therefore are excluded from the preceding table. 
 
 The fair values for both variable and fixed-rate loans held for investment are estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality, which includes our estimate of future credit losses expected to be incurred. The majority of these loans are classified as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 2 for information regarding the fair value policies specific to loans held for sale. 
 
 Receivables and other assets: Brokerage client receivables, other receivables, and certain other assets are recorded at amounts that approximate fair value and are classified as Levels 2 and 3 under the fair value hierarchy. As specified under GAAP, the FHLB and FRB stock are recorded at cost, which we have determined to approximate their estimated fair value, and are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Loans to financial advisors, net: These financial instruments are primarily comprised of loans to financial advisors, primarily for recruiting and retention purposes. Loans to financial advisors, net are recorded at amounts that approximate fair value and are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 2 for information regarding loans to financial advisors, net. 
 
 Bank deposits: The carrying amounts of variable-rate money market and savings accounts approximate their fair values as these are short-term in nature. Due to their short-term nature, variable-rate money market and savings accounts are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of expected monthly maturities on time deposits. These fixed-rate certificates of deposit are classified as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 111 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 5 
 
 ) Agency commercial MBS 
 ) Agency CMOs 
 ) Other securities 
 Total available-for-sale securities 
 ) September 30, 2020 Agency residential MBS 
 ) Agency commercial MBS 
 ) Agency CMOs 
 ) Other securities 
 Total available-for-sale securities 
 ) 
 
 The amortized costs and fair values in the preceding table exclude million and million of accrued interest on available-for-sale securities as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively, which was included in Other receivables, net on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 See Note 4 for additional information regarding the fair value of available-for-sale securities. 

112 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 . 
 September 30, 2021 in millions Within one year After one but within five years After five but within ten years After ten years Total Agency residential MBS 
 Amortized cost 
 Carrying value 
 Agency commercial MBS 
 Amortized cost 
 Carrying value 
 Agency CMOs 
 Amortized cost 
 Carrying value 
 Other securities 
 Amortized cost 
 Carrying value 
 Total available-for-sale securities 
 Amortized cost 
 Carrying value 
 Weighted-average yield 

) ) Agency commercial MBS 
 ) ) ) Agency CMOs 
 ) ) ) Other securities 
 Total 
 ) ) ) September 30, 2020 Agency residential MBS 
 ) ) Agency commercial MBS 
 ) ) Agency CMOs 
 ) ) Total 
 ) ) 
 
 The contractual cash flows of our available-for-sale securities are guaranteed by the U.S. government or its agencies. At September 30, 2021, of the available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position, were in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months and securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position for greater than 12 months. We do not consider unrealized losses associated with these securities to be credit losses due to the guarantee of the full payment of principal and interest, and the fact that we have the ability and intent to hold these securities. In addition, unrealized losses related to these available-for-sale securities are generally due to changes in market interest rates. At September 30, 2021, based on our assessment of this portfolio, we did not recognize an allowance for credit losses on our available-for-sale securities. At September 30, 2021, debt securities we held in excess of ten percent of our equity included those issued by the Federal National Home Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation with amortized costs of billion and billion, respectively, which also approximated the fair values of the securities. 
 
 We received proceeds of million and million, respectively, from the sales of available-for-sale securities for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These sales resulted in insignificant gains for both periods, which were included in Other revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. There were no sales of available-for-sale securities for the year ended September 30, 2019. 
 
 113 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 6 
 
 Interest rate - other (1) 
 Foreign exchange Other Subtotal Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Interest rate Foreign exchange 
 Subtotal 
 Total gross fair value/notional amount 
 Offset on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 Counterparty netting 
 ) ) ) ) Cash collateral netting 
 ) ) ) ) Total amounts offset 
 ) ) ) ) Net amounts presented on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 Gross amounts not offset on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 Financial instruments (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Total 

(1) Substantially all relates to interest rate derivatives entered into as part of our fixed income business operations, including TBA security contracts that are accounted for as derivatives. 
 (2) Although the matched book derivative arrangements do not meet the definition of a master netting arrangement as specified by GAAP, the agreement with the third-party intermediary includes terms that are similar to a master netting agreement. As a result, we present the matched book amounts net in the preceding table. 
 
 ) ) Foreign exchange (net investment hedges) ) Total gains/(losses) included in AOCI, net of taxes ) ) ) 
 
 There were components of derivative gains or losses excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness for any of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 or 2019. We expect to reclassify million of interest expense out of AOCI and into earnings within the next 12 months. The maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are or will be hedged is . 
 
 114 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Foreign exchange 
 Other revenues ) Other Principal transactions ) Other 
 Compensation, commissions and benefits expense ) 
 
 Risks associated with our derivatives and related risk mitigation 
 
 Credit risk 
 
 We are exposed to credit losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to derivatives that are not cleared through a clearing organization. Where we are subject to credit exposure, we perform a credit evaluation of counterparties prior to entering into derivative transactions and we monitor their credit standings. We may require initial margin or collateral from counterparties in the form of cash or other marketable securities to support certain of these obligations as established by the credit threshold specified by the agreement and/or as a result of monitoring the credit standing of the counterparties. 
 
 Our only exposure to credit risk on matched book derivatives is related to our uncollected derivative transaction fee revenues, which were insignificant as of both September 30, 2021 and 2020. We are not exposed to market risk on these derivatives due to the pass-through transaction structure described in Note 2. 
 
 Interest rate and foreign exchange risk 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk related to certain of our interest rate derivatives. We are also exposed to foreign exchange risk related to our forward foreign exchange derivatives. On a daily basis, we monitor our risk exposure on our derivatives based on established limits with respect to a number of factors, including interest rate, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, spread, ratio, basis and volatility risks, both for the total portfolio and by maturity period. 

115 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 7 

Gross amounts offset on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition Net amounts presented on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition Gross amounts not offset on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amounts September 30, 2020 Gross amounts of recognized assets/liabilities Gross amounts offset on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition Net amounts presented on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition Gross amounts not offset on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amounts 
 
 The total amount of collateral received under reverse repurchase agreements and the total amount of collateral posted under repurchase agreements exceeds the carrying value of these agreements on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 Collateral received and pledged 
 
 We receive cash and securities as collateral, primarily in connection with reverse repurchase agreements, securities borrowed, derivative transactions and client margin loans. The collateral we receive reduces our credit exposure to individual counterparties. 
 
 In many cases, we are permitted to deliver or repledge financial instruments we have received as collateral to satisfy our collateral requirements under our repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements or other secured borrowings, to satisfy deposit requirements with clearing organizations, or to otherwise meet either our or our clients settlement requirements. 
 
 Collateral that we delivered or repledged 

116 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Did not have the right to deliver or repledge Bank loans, net pledged at FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta 
 
 Repurchase agreements, repurchase-to-maturity transactions and securities loaned accounted for as secured borrowings 
 
 Agency MBS and agency CMOs Total repurchase agreements 
 Securities loaned: 
 Equity securities Total collateralized financings September 30, 2020 Repurchase agreements: 
 Government and agency obligations Agency MBS and agency CMOs Total repurchase agreements 
 Securities loaned: 
 Equity securities Total collateralized financings 
 
 As of both September 30, 2021 and 2020, we did not have any repurchase-to-maturity agreements, which are repurchase agreements where a security is transferred under an agreement to repurchase and the maturity date of the repurchase agreement matches the maturity date of the underlying security. 

NOTE 8 
 
 loan portfolio segments: C I, CRE, REIT, tax-exempt, residential mortgage, and SBL and other. Upon adoption, we redefined certain of our portfolio segments to align with the new methodology applied in determining the allowance for credit losses. Prior-period loan portfolio segment balances have been revised to conform to the current presentation. Loan balances in the following tables are presented at amortized cost (outstanding principal balance net of unearned income and deferred expenses, which include purchase premiums, purchase discounts and net deferred origination fees and costs), except for certain held for sale loans recorded at fair value. Bank loans 
 
 117 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 CRE loans REIT loans Tax-exempt loans Residential mortgage loans SBL and other Total loans held for investment Held for sale loans Total loans held for sale and investment Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Bank loans, net 
 Accrued interest receivable on bank loans 
 
 The allowance for credit losses was of the held for investment loan portfolio as of September 30, 2021 and was determined using the CECL methodology, which we adopted on October 1, 2020. Prior periods have not been restated and were calculated under the incurred loss methodology, which differs from the CECL methodology in that it was based on historical loss experience and did not include an estimate of credit losses using a reasonable and supportable forecast period. 
 
 Accrued interest receivables presented in the preceding table are reported in Other receivables, net on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, the FHLB had a blanket lien on Raymond James Bank s residential mortgage loan portfolio as security for the repayment of certain borrowings. See Note 16 for more information regarding borrowings from the FHLB. 
 
 Held for sale loans 
 
 Raymond James Bank originated or purchased billion, billion and billion of loans held for sale during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The majority of these loans were purchases of the guaranteed portions of SBA loans intended for resale in the secondary market as individual SBA loans or as securitized pools of SBA loans. Proceeds from the sale of held for sale loans amounted to million, million and million for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Net gains resulting from such sales were insignificant in each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Purchases and sales of loans held for investment 

Sales Year ended September 30, 2020 Purchases Sales Year ended September 30, 2019 Purchases Sales 
 
 118 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 CRE loans REIT loans Tax-exempt loans 
 Residential mortgage loans SBL and other 
 Total loans held for investment 
 September 30, 2020 C I loans CRE loans REIT loans Tax-exempt loans Residential mortgage loans SBL and other Total loans held for investment 
 
 The preceding table includes million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of nonaccrual loans which were current pursuant to their contractual terms. The table also includes CRE and residential first mortgage loan TDRs of million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2021, and million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2020. 
 
 Other real estate owned, included in Other assets on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, was insignificant at September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Collateral-dependent loans 
 
 A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the sale of the underlying collateral. At September 30, 2021, we had million of collateral-dependent CRE loans, which were fully collateralized by retail and industrial real estate, and million of collateral-dependent residential loans, which were fully collateralized by single family homes. Collateral-dependent loans do not include loans to borrowers who have been granted forbearance as result of the COVID-19 pandemic or loans for which the borrower had requested a loan modification, where the request had been initiated but had not been approved or completed as of September 30, 2021. Such loans may be considered collateral-dependent after the forbearance period expires. The recorded investment in mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process was million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Credit quality indicators 
 
 The credit quality of our bank loan portfolio is summarized monthly by management using internal risk ratings, which align with the standard asset classification system utilized by bank regulators. These classifications are divided into three groups: Not Classified (Pass), Special Mention, and Classified or Adverse Rating (Substandard, Doubtful and Loss). These terms are defined as follows: 
 
 Pass Loans which are well protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor (or guarantors, if any) or by the fair value, less costs to acquire and sell, of any underlying collateral in a timely manner. 

119 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

120 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total C I loans 
 CRE loans Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total CRE loans 
 REIT loans Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total REIT loans 
 Tax-exempt loans Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total tax-exempt loans 
 Residential mortgage loans Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total residential mortgage loans 
 SBL and other Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total SBL and other 
 
 Loans classified as special mention, substandard or doubtful are all considered to be criticized loans. 
 
 We also monitor the credit quality of the residential mortgage loan portfolio utilizing FICO scores and LTV ratios. A FICO score measures a borrower s creditworthiness by considering factors such as payment and credit history. LTV measures the carrying value of the loan as a percentage of the value of the property securing the loan. 
 
 121 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 600 - 699 700 - 799 800 + FICO score not available Total LTV ratio: Below 80 80 + Total 
 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 
 Impact of CECL adoption ) ) ) ) Provision/(benefit) for credit losses ) ) ) ) Net (charge-offs)/recoveries: 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs)/recoveries 
 ) ) ) Foreign exchange translation adjustment 
 Balance at end of year 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 Balance at beginning of year 
 Provision/(benefit) for credit losses Net (charge-offs)/recoveries: 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs)/recoveries 
 ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange translation adjustment 
 Balance at end of year 

The allowance for credit losses on held for investment bank loans decreased million to million since the adoption of CECL on October 1, 2020, largely attributable to improved forecasts for certain macroeconomic inputs to our CECL model since our adoption date, including improved outlooks on unemployment, gross domestic product and property price indices, as well as improved credit ratings within our corporate loan portfolio, partially offset by provisions for credit losses related to loan growth. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments, which is included in Other payables on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, was million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in the allowance for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments as of September 30, 2021 compared with September 30, 2020 was due to the adoption impact of CECL of million, partially offset by improved forecasts for certain macroeconomic inputs to our CECL model and lower unfunded exposure in the CRE portfolio. 
 
 See Note 2 for further information about the adoption of CECL and the impact to the allowance for credit losses. 

122 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 9 

No longer affiliated with the firm (2) 
 Total loans to financial advisors Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans to financial advisors, net Accrued interest receivable on loans to financial advisors 
 
 (1) These loans were predominantly current. 
 (2) These loans were predominantly past due for a period of days or more. 
 
 Accrued interest receivables presented in the preceding table are reported in Other receivables, net on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses was of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2021 and was determined using the CECL methodology, which we adopted on October 1, 2020. The allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2020 was determined under the incurred loss methodology and has not been restated. The increase in the allowance from September 30, 2020 to September 30, 2021 was primarily due to the impact of the October 1, 2020 CECL adoption, which resulted in an increase in our allowance for credit losses of million. See Note 2 for further information on the CECL adoption. 

NOTE 10 

LIHTC funds 
 Restricted Stock Trust Fund 
 Total September 30, 2020 Private Equity Interests 
 LIHTC funds 
 Restricted Stock Trust Fund 
 Total 

123 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Other investments 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities: Other payables 
 Total liabilities 
 Noncontrolling interests 

VIEs where we hold a variable interest but are not the primary beneficiary 
 
 As discussed in Note 2, we have concluded that for certain VIEs we are not the primary beneficiary and therefore do not consolidate these VIEs. Such VIEs include certain Private Equity Interests, certain LIHTC funds, and other limited partnerships. Our risk of loss for these VIEs is limited to our investments in, advances to, and/or receivables due from these VIEs. 
 
 Aggregate assets, liabilities and risk of loss 
 
 LIHTC funds Other 
 Total 
 
 124 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 11 - 

Identifiable intangible assets, net Total goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 
 
 Additions Foreign currency translations Goodwill as of end of year Year ended September 30, 2020 Goodwill as of beginning of year Foreign currency translations Goodwill as of end of year 
 
 The additions to goodwill during the year ended September 30, 2021 arose from our acquisitions of NWPS in the Private Client Group segment and Financo and Cebile in the Capital Markets segment. See Note 3 for additional discussion of these acquisitions. 
 
 Qualitative assessments 
 
 As described in Note 2, we perform goodwill impairment testing on an annual basis or when an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We performed our latest annual goodwill impairment testing as of our January 1, 2021 evaluation date, evaluating balances as of December 31, 2020. In that testing, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment for each of our reporting units that had goodwill. Based upon the outcome of our qualitative assessments, impairment was identified. 
 
 Our qualitative assessments consider macroeconomic indicators, such as trends in equity and fixed income markets, gross domestic product, unemployment rates, interest rates, and housing markets. We also consider regulatory changes, reporting unit results, and changes in key personnel and strategy. Changes in these indicators, and our ability to respond to such changes, may trigger the need for impairment testing at a point other than our annual assessment date. No events have occurred since our annual assessment date that would cause us to update this impairment testing. 

125 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Additions Amortization expense ) ) ) ) Net identifiable intangible assets as of end of year 
 Year ended September 30, 2020 Net identifiable intangible assets as of beginning of year 
 Amortization expense ) ) ) ) Net identifiable intangible assets as of end of year 

The additions of identifiable intangible assets during the year ended September 30, 2021 arose from our acquisitions of NWPS in the Private Client Group segment and Financo and Cebile in the Capital Markets segment. See Note 3 for additional discussion of these acquisitions. 
 
 ) ) Non-amortizing customer relationships Trade name ) ) Seller relationship agreements ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 
 Qualitative assessments 
 
 impairment was identified. No events have occurred since such assessment that would cause us to update this impairment testing. 

126 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net Lease ROU assets Prepaid expenses Investments in FHLB and FRB stock All other Total other assets 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the cumulative face value of our company-owned life insurance policies was billion. 
 
 See Note 13 for further information regarding our property and equipment and Note 14 for further information regarding our leases. 

NOTE 13 - 
 
 Software, including development in progress ) ) Buildings, building components, leasehold and land improvements ) ) Furniture, fixtures and equipment ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and is included in Occupancy and equipment expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. Amortization expense associated with computer software was million, million, and million for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and is included in Communications and information processing expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. We also incur software licensing fees, which are also included in Communications and information processing expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 

127 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 14 - 
 
 Lease liabilities (included in Other payables) 
 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Lease expense 
 
 Variable lease costs 

Lease liabilities 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Gross lease payments Less: interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Lease payments in the preceding table exclude million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. These leases are estimated to commence between fiscal year 2022 and 2023 with lease terms ranging from three to . 

128 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 15 

Certificates of deposit 
 NOW accounts 
 Demand deposits (non-interest-bearing) 
 Total bank deposits 

Total bank deposits in the preceding table exclude affiliate deposits of million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, these affiliate deposits included million and million held in deposit accounts at Raymond James Bank on behalf of RJF and Raymond James Trust Company of New Hampshire, respectively. As of September 30, 2020, these affiliate deposits were held by Raymond James Bank on behalf of RJF. See Note 27 for additional information. 
 
 Savings and money market accounts in the preceding table consist primarily of deposits that are cash balances swept to Raymond James Bank from the client investment accounts maintained at RJ A. These balances are held in FDIC-insured bank accounts through the RJBDP. The aggregate amount of individual time deposit account balances that exceeded the FDIC insurance limit at September 30, 2021 was approximately million. 
 
 Over three through six months 
 Over six through twelve months 
 Over one through two years 
 Over two through three years 
 Over three through four years 
 Over four through five years 
 Total certificates of deposit 
 
 Certificates of deposit Total interest expense on deposits 

129 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 16 
 Mortgage notes payable Total other borrowings 
 
 FHLB advances 
 
 Borrowings from the FHLB were comprised of floating-rate advances of million as of September 30, 2021, and floating and fixed-rate advances of million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2020. The fixed-rate advance, which incurred interest at , matured and was repaid in October 2020. The interest rates on the floating-rate advances, which mature in December 2022, reset quarterly and are generally based on LIBOR. We use interest rate swaps to manage the risk of increases in interest rates associated with these floating-rate advances by converting the balances subject to variable interest rates to a fixed interest rate. Refer to Note 2 for information regarding these interest rate swaps, which are accounted for as hedging instruments. The weighted-average interest rate on our floating-rate FHLB advances was and as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. The interest rates on the FHLB borrowings will transition to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR )-based rate in December 2021. All of the advances were secured by a blanket lien granted to the FHLB on our residential mortgage loan portfolio. 
 
 Secured and unsecured financing arrangements 
 
 In February 2019, RJF and RJ A entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility with a syndicate of lenders. In April 2021, we amended our Credit Facility, extending the term from February 2024 to April 2026 and incorporating a lower cost of borrowing under the Credit Facility and certain favorable covenant modifications. This committed unsecured borrowing facility provides for maximum borrowings of up to million, with a sublimit of million for RJF. RJ A may borrow up to million under the Credit Facility, depending on the amount of outstanding borrowings of RJF. The interest rates on borrowings under the Credit Facility are variable and were based on LIBOR as of September 30, 2021, as adjusted for RJF s credit rating; however, the administrative agent has the right to select a commercially available alternative reference rate to LIBOR if adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR. There were borrowings outstanding on the Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021. There is a facility fee associated with the Credit Facility, which also varies with RJF s credit rating. Based upon RJF s credit rating as of September 30, 2021, the variable rate facility fee, which is applied to the committed amount, was per annum. 
 
 In addition to the Credit Facility, we maintain various secured and unsecured lines of credit, which are generally utilized to finance certain fixed income securities or for cash management purposes. Borrowings during the year were generally day-to-day and there were no borrowings outstanding on these arrangements as of September 30, 2021. The interest rates for these arrangements are variable and are based on a daily bank quoted rate, which may reference LIBOR, the Fed Funds rate, a lender s prime rate, the Canadian prime rate, or another commercially available rate, as applicable. 
 
 We also have other collateralized financings included in Collateralized financings on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. See Note 7 for information regarding our other collateralized financing arrangements. 
 
 Mortgage notes payable 
 
 Mortgage notes payable pertain to mortgage loans on certain of our corporate headquarters offices located in St. Petersburg, Florida. These mortgage loans are secured by land, buildings, and improvements. These mortgage loans bear a fixed interest rate of with repayment terms of monthly interest and principal debt service and have a January 2023 maturity. 

130 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 17 
 
 senior notes, due 2030 
 senior notes, due 2046 
 senior notes, due 2051 
 senior notes, due 2024 
 senior notes, due 2026 
 Total principal amount Unaccreted premiums/(discounts) Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Total senior notes payable 

In March 2020, we sold million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due April 2030 in a registered underwritten public offering. Interest on these senior notes is payable semi-annually. We may redeem some or all of these senior notes at any time prior to January 1, 2030, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon, discounted to the redemption date at a discount rate equal to a designated U.S. Treasury rate, plus basis points; and on or after January 1, 2030, at of the principal amount of the notes redeemed; plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 
 In July 2016, we sold million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due July 2046 in a registered underwritten public offering. In May 2017, we reopened the offering and sold, in a registered underwritten public offering, an additional million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due July 2046. These additional senior notes were consolidated, formed into a single series, and are fully fungible with the million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued in July 2016. Interest on these senior notes is payable semi-annually. We may redeem some or all of these senior notes at any time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon, discounted to the redemption date at a discount rate equal to a designated U.S. Treasury rate, plus basis points, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 
 In April 2021, we sold million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due April 2051 in a registered underwritten public offering. Interest on these senior notes is payable semi-annually. We may redeem some or all of these senior notes at any time prior to October 1, 2050, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon, discounted to the redemption date at a discount rate equal to a designated U.S. Treasury rate, plus basis points; and on or after October 1, 2050, at of the principal amount of the notes redeemed; plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 
 Tender offers and redemptions of certain senior notes 
 
 Concurrently with the launch of our offering of million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due April 2051 described above, we commenced cash tender offers (the Tender Offers for any and all of our then outstanding senior notes due 2024 and senior notes due 2026 (the Pre-existing Notes ). Pursuant to the Tender Offers, in April 2021 we repurchased an aggregate of million outstanding Pre-existing Notes for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 
 In addition, in April 2021 we issued notices of redemption to holders of the Pre-existing Notes pursuant to the indentures governing such notes, to redeem any Pre-existing Notes that remained outstanding following the closing of the Tender Offers. In May 2021 we redeemed the remaining outstanding balance of the Pre-existing Notes of million for an aggregate redemption price of million. 

131 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 senior notes due April 2051 and cash on hand, and resulted in a loss of million which was comprised of make-whole premiums, unamortized debt issuance costs which were accelerated, and certain legal and professional fees. This loss was presented in Losses on extinguishment of debt on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for our fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

NOTE 18 
 
 Equity, arising from available-for-sale securities recorded through OCI ) Equity, arising from currency translations, net of the impact of net investment hedges recorded through OCI ) Equity, arising from cash flow hedges recorded through OCI ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 
 State and local Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 
 State income tax, net of federal benefit Gains on company-owned life insurance policies which are not subject to tax ) ) ) Federal tax credits 
 ) ) ) Excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation 
 ) ) ) Other, net Total provision for income tax 

Foreign Pre-tax income 
 
 132 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Allowances for credit losses Unrealized loss associated with foreign currency translations Unrealized loss associated with available-for-sale securities Unrealized loss associated with cash flow hedges Accrued expenses Partnership investments Lease liabilities Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Lease ROU assets ) ) Unrealized gain associated with available-for-sale securities ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred income taxes are provided for the effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its reported amount in the financial statements. Deferred income tax assets are subject to a valuation allowance if, in management s opinion, it is more likely than not that these benefits will not be realized. Our deferred income taxes principally relate to deferred compensation, allowances for credit losses and other accrued expenses. 
 
 Substantially all of our deferred tax assets relate to U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2021, the deferred tax assets aggregated to million. We continue to believe that the realization of our deferred tax assets is more likely than not based on expectations of future taxable income. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we considered substantially all undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries to be permanently reinvested. Due to the fact that the Tax Cut and Jobs Act TCJA enacted on December 22, 2017 reduces our incremental tax cost of repatriating offshore earnings, we have not provided for any U.S. deferred income taxes related to such subsidiaries. The TCJA instituted a territorial system of international taxation. Under the system, dividends received by a U.S. corporation from its 10 -or-greater-owned foreign subsidiaries are generally exempt from U.S. tax if attributable to non-U.S. source earnings, but are subject to tax on Global intangible low-taxed income which is applicable regardless of whether the income is repatriated. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately million of cumulative undistributed earnings attributable to foreign subsidiaries. Because the time and manner of repatriation is uncertain, we cannot determine the impact of local taxes, withholding taxes and foreign tax credits associated with the future repatriation of such earnings, and therefore, cannot quantify the tax liability that would be payable in the event all such foreign earnings are repatriated. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the current tax receivable, which is included in Other receivables on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, was million, and the current tax payable, which is included in Other payables, was million. As of September 30, 2020, the current tax receivable was million and the current tax payable was million. 
 
 Uncertain tax positions 
 
 We recognize the accrual of interest and penalties related to income tax matters in interest expense and other expense, respectively. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, accrued interest and penalties were million and million, respectively. 

133 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Increases for tax positions related to the current year Increases for tax positions related to prior years 
 Decreases for tax positions related to prior years ) ) Decreases due to lapsed statute of limitations ) ) ) Decreases related to settlements ) ) Uncertain tax positions end of year 
 
 The total amount of uncertain tax positions that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate (the items included in the preceding table after considering the federal tax benefit associated with any state tax provisions) was million, million, and million at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We anticipate that the uncertain tax position liability balance will decrease by approximately million over the next 12 months due to expiration of statutes of limitations of federal and state tax returns and settlements of positions with the Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 We file U.S. federal income tax returns as well as returns with various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are generally no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or foreign income tax examination by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal year 2018 for federal tax returns, fiscal year 2017 for state and local tax returns and fiscal year 2017 for foreign tax returns. Various foreign and state audits in process are expected to be completed in fiscal year 2022. 

NOTE 19 
 
 such open underwriting commitments, which were subsequently settled in open market transactions and did not result in significant losses. 
 
 Lending commitments and other credit-related financial instruments 
 
 Raymond James Bank has outstanding, at any time, a significant number of commitments to extend credit and other credit-related off-balance-sheet financial instruments, such as standby letters of credit and loan purchases, which then extend over varying periods of time. These arrangements are subject to strict underwriting assessments and each customer s credit worthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Fixed-rate commitments are subject to market risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates and our exposure is limited to the replacement value of those commitments. 
 
 Commercial lines of credit 
 Unfunded lending commitments Standby letters of credit 

Open-end consumer lines of credit primarily represent the unfunded amounts of bank loans to consumers that are secured by marketable securities at advance rates consistent with industry standards. The proceeds from repayment or, if necessary, the liquidation of collateral, which is monitored daily, are expected to satisfy the amounts drawn against these existing lines of credit. These lines of credit are primarily uncommitted, as we reserve the right to not make any advances or may terminate these lines at any time. 

134 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million for loans to financial advisors who have met such conditions as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 Investment commitments 
 
 We had unfunded commitments to various investments, including private equity investments and certain Raymond James Bank investments, of million as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 Other commitments 
 
 RJTCF sells investments in project partnerships to various LIHTC funds, which have third-party investors, and for which RJTCF serves as the managing member or general partner. RJTCF typically sells investments in project partnerships to LIHTC funds within days of their acquisition. Until such investments are sold to LIHTC funds, RJTCF is responsible for funding investment commitments to such partnerships. As of September 30, 2021, RJTCF had committed approximately million to project partnerships that had not yet been sold to LIHTC funds. Because we expect to sell these project partnerships to LIHTC funds and the equity funding events arise over future periods, the contractual commitments are not expected to materially impact our future liquidity requirements. RJTCF may also make short-term loans or advances to project partnerships and LIHTC funds. 
 
 As a part of our fixed income public finance operations, we enter into forward commitments to purchase agency MBS. At September 30, 2021, we had million of principal amount of outstanding forward MBS purchase commitments, which were expected to be purchased within days following commitment. In order to hedge the market interest rate risk to which we would otherwise be exposed between the date of the commitment and the date of sale of the MBS, we enter into TBA security contracts with investors for generic MBS at specific rates and prices to be delivered on settlement dates in the future. We may be subject to loss if the timing of, or the actual amount of, the MBS differs significantly from the term and notional amount of the TBA security contract to which we entered. These TBA securities and related purchase commitments are accounted for at fair value. As of September 30, 2021, the fair value of the TBA securities and the estimated fair value of the purchase commitments were insignificant. 
 
 For information regarding our acquisition commitments associated with our intended acquisitions of Charles Stanley and TriState Capital, see Note 3. For information regarding our lease commitments, including the maturities of our lease liabilities, see Note 14. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are required by federal law to be members of the Securities Investors Protection Corporation SIPC ). The SIPC fund provides protection up to thousand per client for securities and cash held in client accounts, including a limitation of thousand on claims for cash balances. We have purchased excess SIPC coverage through various syndicates of Lloyd s of London. For RJ A, our clearing broker-dealer, the additional protection currently provided has an aggregate firm limit of million for cash and securities, including a sub-limit of million per client for cash above basic SIPC. Account protection applies when a SIPC member fails financially and is unable to meet its obligations to clients. This coverage does not protect against market fluctuations. RJF has provided an indemnity to Lloyd s of London against any and all losses they may incur associated with the excess SIPC policies. 
 
 We guarantee the debt of one of our private equity investments. The amount of such debt, including the undrawn portion of a revolving credit facility, was million as of September 30, 2021. The debt, which matures in 2022, is secured by substantially all of the assets of the borrower. 

135 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million in excess of the aggregate accruals for such matters. Refer to Note 2 for a discussion of our criteria for recognizing liabilities for contingencies. 

136 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 20 

) ) ) OCI: 
 OCI before reclassifications and taxes 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, before tax 
 ) Pre-tax net OCI 
 ) ) ) Income tax effect 
 ) OCI for the year, net of tax ) ) ) AOCI as of end of year 
 ) ) ) ) ) Year ended September 30, 2020 AOCI as of beginning of year 
 ) ) ) ) OCI: 
 OCI before reclassifications and taxes 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, before tax 
 ) Pre-tax net OCI 
 ) ) Income tax effect 
 ) ) ) ) OCI for the year, net of tax ) ) AOCI as of end of year 
 ) ) ) Year ended September 30, 2019 AOCI as of beginning of year 
 ) ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2016-01 ) ) OCI: 
 OCI before reclassifications and taxes 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, before tax 
 ) ) Pre-tax net OCI 
 ) ) Income tax effect 
 ) ) ) ) OCI for the year, net of tax ) ) ) AOCI as of end of year 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Reclassifications from AOCI to net income, excluding taxes, for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were primarily recorded in Other revenue and Interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. Reclassifications from AOCI to net income, excluding taxes, for the year ended September 30, 2019 were recorded in Interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 As of October 1, 2018, we adopted accounting guidance (ASU 2016-01) that generally requires changes in the fair value of equity securities to be recorded in net income. Accordingly, as of the date of adoption, we reclassified a cumulative unrealized gain on such securities, net of tax, from AOCI to retained earnings. 
 
 Our net investment hedges and cash flow hedges relate to our derivatives associated with Raymond James Bank s business operations. See Notes 2 and 6 for additional information on these derivatives. 

137 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 21 - 
 
 ) Brokerage revenues: Securities commissions: Mutual and other fund products ) Insurance and annuity products Equities, ETFs and fixed income products ) Subtotal securities commissions ) Principal transactions (1) 
 Total brokerage revenues ) Account and service fees: Mutual fund and annuity service fees ) RJBDP fees ) Client account and other fees ) Total account and service fees ) Investment banking: Merger acquisition and advisory Equity underwriting Debt underwriting Total investment banking Other: Tax credit fund revenues All other (1) 
 Total other Total non-interest revenues ) Interest income (1) 
 Total revenues ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) Net revenues ) 
 
 (1) These revenues are generally not in scope of the accounting guidance for revenue from contracts with customers. 
 
 138 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Brokerage revenues: Securities commissions: Mutual and other fund products ) Insurance and annuity products Equities, ETFs and fixed income products Subtotal securities commissions ) Principal transactions (1) 
 ) Total brokerage revenues ) Account and service fees: Mutual fund and annuity service fees ) RJBDP fees ) Client account and other fees ) Total account and service fees ) Investment banking: Merger acquisition and advisory Equity underwriting Debt underwriting Total investment banking Other: Tax credit fund revenues All other (1) 
 ) Total other ) Total non-interest revenues ) Interest income (1) 
 Total revenues ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) Net revenues ) 
 
 (1) These revenues are generally not in scope of the accounting guidance for revenue from contracts with customers. 
 
 139 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Brokerage revenues: Securities commissions: Mutual and other fund products ) Insurance and annuity products Equities, ETFs and fixed income products Subtotal securities commissions ) Principal transactions (1) 
 ) Total brokerage revenues ) Account and service fees: Mutual fund and annuity service fees ) RJBDP fees ) Client account and other fees ) Total account and service fees ) Investment banking: Merger acquisition and advisory Equity underwriting Debt underwriting Total investment banking Other: Tax credit fund revenues All other (1) 
 Total other Total non-interest revenues ) Interest income (1) 
 Total revenues ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) Net revenues ) 
 
 (1) These revenues are generally not in scope of the accounting guidance for revenue from contracts with customers. 
 
 At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, net receivables related to contracts with customers were million and million, respectively. 

140 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 22 
 
 Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash Available-for-sale securities Brokerage client receivables Bank loans, net of unearned income and deferred expenses All other Total interest income 
 Interest expense: Bank deposits Brokerage client payables 
 Other borrowings 
 Senior notes payable 
 All other Total interest expense 
 Net interest income Bank loan (provision)/benefit for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after bank loan (provision)/benefit for credit losses 
 
 Interest expense related to bank deposits in the preceding table excludes interest expense associated with affiliate deposits, which has been eliminated in consolidation. 

NOTE 23 - 
 
 share-based compensation plan for our employees, Board of Directors and independent contractor financial advisors. The Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan authorizes us to grant million new shares, including the shares available for grant under predecessor plans. As of September 30, 2021, million shares were available under the 2012 Plan. Generally, we reissue our treasury shares under the 2012 Plan; however, we are also permitted to issue new shares. Our share-based compensation accounting policies are described in Note 2. 
 
 We had stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2021 which had been issued to our employees and independent contractors. As of our fiscal first quarter 2017, we no longer issue stock options to our employees and instead issue RSUs. We issue stock options to our independent contractors in limited quantities. Stock options granted to our independent contractors, as well as the related expense for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were insignificant. Cash received from stock options exercised by our employees and independent contractors during the year ended September 30, 2021 was million. 
 
 RSU awards 
 
 We may grant RSU awards under the 2012 Plan in connection with initial employment or under various retention programs for individuals who are responsible for contributing to our management, growth, and/or profitability. Through our Canadian subsidiary, we established the Restricted Stock Trust Fund, which we funded to enable the trust fund to acquire our common stock in the open market to be used to settle RSUs granted as a retention vehicle for certain employees of our Canadian subsidiaries. We may also grant awards to officers and certain other employees in lieu of cash for to of annual bonus amounts in excess of . Under the plan, the awards are generally restricted for a three - to period, during which time the awards are generally forfeitable in the event of termination other than for death, disability or retirement. 
 
 We grant RSUs annually to non-employee members of our Board of Directors. The RSUs granted to these Directors vest over a -year period from their grant date or upon retirement from our Board. 

141 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested as of end of year 
 (1) During our fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 the Board of Directors approved a 3-for-2 stock split, effected in the form of a stock dividend, paid on September 21, 2021. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect this stock split. 
 
 Income tax benefits related to share-based expense 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, we realized million of excess tax benefits related to our RSUs, which favorably impacted income tax expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. See Note 18 for additional information regarding income taxes. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, there was million of total pre-tax compensation costs not yet recognized (net of estimated forfeitures) related to RSUs granted to employees and members of our Board of Directors. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . 
 Total fair value of shares and RSU awards vested 
 (1) During our fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 the Board of Directors approved a 3-for-2 stock split, effected in the form of a stock dividend, paid on September 21, 2021. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect this stock split. 
 
 Employee stock purchase plan 
 Under the 2003 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, we are authorized to issue up to million shares of common stock to eligible employees. Under the terms of the plan, share purchases in any calendar year are limited to the lesser of shares or shares with a fair value of . The purchase price of the stock is of the average high and low market price on the day prior to the purchase date. Under the plan, we sold approximately thousand, thousand and thousand shares to employees during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The compensation cost is calculated as the value of the discount from market value and was million for each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Employee other compensation 
 
 Our profit sharing plan and employee stock ownership plan ESOP are qualified plans that provide certain death, disability or retirement benefits for all employees who meet certain service requirements. The plans are noncontributory and our contributions, if any, are determined annually by our Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, on a discretionary basis and are recognized as compensation expense throughout the year. Benefits become fully vested after of qualified service, age 65, or if a participant separates from service due to death or disability. 
 
 All shares owned by the ESOP are included in earnings per share calculations. Cash dividends paid to the ESOP are reflected as a reduction of retained earnings. The number of shares of our common stock held by the ESOP at September 30, 2021 and 2020 was million and million (as adjusted for the stock split), respectively. The market value of our common stock held by the ESOP at September 30, 2021 was million, of which million was unearned (not yet vested) by ESOP plan participants. 

142 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 of the first and of the next of eligible compensation deferred by each participant annually. 
 
 Our LTIP is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan that provides benefits to certain employees who meet certain compensation or production requirements. We have purchased and hold life insurance on the lives of certain current and former employee participants to earn a competitive rate of return for participants and to provide the primary source of funds available to satisfy our obligations under this plan. See Note 12 for information regarding the carrying value of these company-owned life insurance policies. 
 
 Contributions to the qualified plans and the LTIP are approved annually by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 
 
 The VDCP is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain employees, in which eligible participants may elect to defer a percentage or specific dollar amount of their compensation. Company-owned life insurance is the primary source of funding for this plan. 
 
 Compensation expense associated with all of the qualified and non-qualified plans previously described totaled million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Non-employee other compensation 
 
 We offer non-qualified deferred compensation plans that provide benefits to our independent contractor financial advisors who meet certain production requirements. Company-owned life insurance is the primary source of funding for these plans. The contributions are made in amounts approved annually by management. 
 
 Certain independent contractor financial advisors are also eligible to participate in our VDCP. Eligible participants may elect to defer a percentage or specific dollar amount of their compensation into the VDCP. Company-owned life insurance is the primary source of funding for this plan. 

NOTE 24 

143 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage RJF as of September 30, 2020: 
 CET1 Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, RJF s regulatory capital increase was driven by an increase in equity, due to positive earnings net of dividends and share repurchases, partially offset by an increase in goodwill and identifiable intangible assets arising from our fiscal 2021 acquisitions. See Note 3 for additional information regarding our acquisitions. RJF s Tier 1 and Total capital ratios increased compared to September 30, 2020, resulting from the increase in regulatory capital, partially offset by an increase in risk-weighted assets. The increase in risk-weighted assets was driven by increases in our loan portfolio, assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash and available-for-sale securities. RJF s Tier 1 leverage ratio at September 30, 2021 decreased compared to September 30, 2020, due to increased average assets, driven by higher assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash due to an increase in client cash in the Client Interest Program CIP ), as well as growth in loans and available-for-sale securities. The increase in average assets was partially offset by the increase in regulatory capital. 
 
 Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage Raymond James Bank as of September 30, 2020: 
 CET1 Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, Raymond James Bank s Tier 1 and Total capital ratios increased compared to September 30, 2020 due to positive earnings, partially offset by higher risk-weighted assets, primarily resulting from increases in our loan portfolio and available-for-sale securities. Raymond James Bank s Tier 1 leverage ratio at September 30, 2021 decreased compared to September 30, 2020, due to increased average assets, driven by the growth in loans and available-for-sale securities. 
 
 Our intention is to maintain Raymond James Bank s well-capitalized status. In the unlikely event that Raymond James Bank failed to maintain its well-capitalized status, the consequences could include a requirement to obtain a waiver from the FDIC prior to acceptance, renewal, or rollover of brokered deposits and result in higher FDIC premiums, but would not significantly impact our operations. 
 
 Raymond James Bank may pay dividends to RJF without prior approval of its regulator as long as the dividend does not exceed the sum of Raymond James Bank s current calendar year and the previous two calendar years retained net income, and 
 
 144 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million or of aggregate debit items arising from client balances. FINRA may impose certain restrictions, such as restricting withdrawals of equity capital, if a member firm were to fall below a certain threshold or fail to meet minimum net capital requirements. As of September 30, 2021, RJ A had excess net capital available to remit dividends to RJF, some of which may be remitted without prior regulatory approval and the remainder may be remitted in conformity with all required regulatory rules or approvals. 
 Net capital 
 Less: required net capital 
 ) ) Excess net capital 

As of September 30, 2021, all of our other active regulated domestic and international subsidiaries were in compliance with and exceeded all applicable capital requirements. 
 
 RJF expects to continue paying cash dividends. However, the payment and rate of dividends on our common stock are subject to several factors including our operating results, financial and regulatory requirements or restrictions, and the availability of funds from our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, which may also be subject to restrictions under regulatory capital rules. The availability of funds from subsidiaries may also be subject to restrictions contained in loan covenants of certain broker-dealer loan agreements and restrictions by bank regulators on dividends to the parent from Raymond James Bank. 

NOTE 25 
 
 stock dividend, paid on September 21, 2021. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect this stock split. 
 
 Less allocation of earnings and dividends to participating securities 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to RJF common shareholders 
 Income for diluted earnings per common share: 
 Net income 
 Less allocation of earnings and dividends to participating securities 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to RJF common shareholders 
 Common shares: Average common shares in basic computation 
 Dilutive effect of outstanding stock options and certain RSUs 
 Average common and common equivalent shares used in diluted computation Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Stock options and certain RSUs excluded from weighted-average diluted common shares because their effect would be antidilutive 

145 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Dividends per common share - paid 

NOTE 26 
 
 segments: PCG; Capital Markets; Asset Management; Raymond James Bank; and Other. 
 
 The segments are determined based upon factors such as the services provided and the distribution channels served and are consistent with how we assess performance and determine how to allocate our resources. The financial results of our segments are presented using the same policies as those described in Note 2. Segment results include allocations of most corporate overhead and benefits expenses to each segment. Refer to the following discussion of the Other segment for a description of the corporate expenses that are not allocated to segments. Intersegment revenues, expenses, receivables and payables are eliminated upon consolidation. 
 
 The PCG segment provides financial planning, investment advisory and securities transaction services in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. for which we generally charge either asset-based fees or sales commissions. The PCG segment also earns revenues for distribution and related support services performed related to mutual funds, fixed and variable annuities and insurance products. The segment includes servicing fee revenues from mutual fund and annuity companies whose products we distribute and from banks to which we sweep clients cash in the RJBDP, our multi-bank sweep program. The segment also includes net interest earnings primarily on client margin loans, cash balances, and assets segregated for regulatory purposes, net of interest paid to clients on cash balances in the CIP. 
 
 Our Capital Markets segment conducts investment banking, institutional sales, securities trading, equity research, and the syndication and management of investments in low-income housing funds. We primarily conduct these activities in the U.S., Canada and Europe. 
 
 Our Asset Management segment earns asset management and related administrative fees for providing asset management, portfolio management and related administrative services to retail and institutional clients. This segment oversees a portion of our fee-based assets under administration for our PCG clients through our Asset Management Services division and through RJ Trust. This segment also provides asset management services through Carillon Tower Advisers for certain retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and proprietary mutual funds that we manage. 
 
 Raymond James Bank provides various types of loans, including corporate loans, tax-exempt loans, residential loans, SBL and other loans. Raymond James Bank is active in corporate loan syndications and participations and also provides FDIC-insured deposit accounts, including to clients of our broker-dealer subsidiaries. Raymond James Bank generates net interest income principally through the interest income earned on loans and an investment portfolio of available-for-sale securities, which is offset by the interest expense it pays on client deposits and on its borrowings. 
 
 The Other segment includes the results of our private equity investments, interest income on certain corporate cash balances, acquisition-related expenses, and certain corporate overhead costs of RJF that are not allocated to operating segments, including the interest costs on our public debt and any losses on the extinguishment of such debt. The Other segment also includes expenses related to our reduction in workforce, which occurred in fiscal 2020 in response to the economic environment at that time. 

146 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Capital Markets 
 Asset Management 
 Raymond James Bank Other 
 ) ) Intersegment eliminations 
 ) ) ) Total net revenues Pre-tax income/(loss): 
 Private Client Group 
 Capital Markets Asset Management 
 Raymond James Bank Other ) ) ) Total pre-tax income 

No individual client accounted for more than ten percent of revenues in any of the years presented. 
 
 Capital Markets 
 Asset Management 
 Raymond James Bank Other ) ) ) Net interest income 
 
 Capital Markets 
 Asset Management 
 Raymond James Bank Other Total 

Capital Markets (2) 
 Asset Management Total 
 
 (1) The September 30, 2021 balance includes million of goodwill arising from our acquisition of NWPS in December 2020. 
 (2) The September 30, 2021 balance includes million of goodwill arising from our acquisition of Financo in March 2021 and a provisional estimate of million of goodwill arising from our acquisition of Cebile in September 2021. 

147 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Canada Europe Total Pre-tax income/(loss): U.S. Canada Europe (1) 
 ) ) Total 
 
 (1) The pre-tax loss in Europe for the year ended September 30, 2020 reflected a million loss related to the disposition of our interests in certain entities that operated predominantly in France. The pre-tax loss in Europe for the year ended September 30, 2019 reflected a million loss on the sale of our operations related to research, sales and trading of European equities. These losses were recorded in our Capital Markets segment. 
 
 The following table presents our total assets by major geographic area in which they were held. 
 September 30, in millions 2021 2020 Total assets: U.S. Canada Europe Total 
 
 Canada Europe (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) The September 30, 2021 balance includes million of goodwill arising from our acquisition of NWPS in December 2020, million of goodwill arising from our acquisition of Financo in March 2021 and a provisional estimate of million of goodwill arising from our acquisition of Cebile in September 2021. 
 (2) The September 30, 2021 balance includes a provisional estimate of million of goodwill arising from our acquisition of Cebile in September 2021. 

NOTE 27 
 
 of aggregate debit balances. At September 30, 2021, each of these subsidiaries exceeded their minimum net capital requirements (see Note 24 for further information). 
 
 Of the Parent s net assets as of September 30, 2021, approximately million of its investment in RJ A and RJFS was available for distribution to the Parent without further regulatory approvals, and approximately billion of its investment in 
 
 148 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion and billion as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were held directly by RJF in depository accounts at third-party financial institutions, held in depository accounts at Raymond James Bank, or were otherwise invested by one of our subsidiaries on behalf of RJF. The amount held in depository accounts at Raymond James Bank was million as of September 30, 2021, of which million was available on demand without restriction. As of September 30, 2020, million was held in depository accounts at Raymond James Bank, of which million was available on demand without restriction. The Parent cash balance does not include million of cash set aside by RJF in a restricted account during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 to be used to fund our closing obligations associated with the pending acquisition of Charles Stanley. This restricted cash is included in Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash. 
 
 See Notes 16, 17, 19 and 24 for more information regarding borrowings, commitments, contingencies and guarantees, and regulatory capital requirements of the Parent and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash and at fair value) 
 Intercompany receivables from subsidiaries (primarily non-bank subsidiaries) Investments in consolidated subsidiaries: Bank subsidiary Non-bank subsidiaries Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity: Accrued compensation, commissions and benefits Intercompany payables to subsidiaries: Bank subsidiary Non-bank subsidiaries Other payables Senior notes payable Total liabilities Equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 Of the total intercompany receivable from non-bank subsidiaries, million and billion at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was invested in cash and cash equivalents by the subsidiary on behalf of the Parent. 

149 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Dividends from bank subsidiary Interest from subsidiaries Interest income Other Total revenues Interest expense ) ) ) Net revenues Non-interest expenses: Compensation, commissions and benefits (1) 
 Non-compensations expenses: Communications and information processing Occupancy and equipment Business development Losses on extinguishment of debt Other Intercompany allocations and charges ) ) ) Total non-compensation expenses Total non-interest expenses Pre-tax income/(loss) before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Net income 
 
 (1) The year ended September 30, 2020 includes the portion of the reduction in workforce expenses incurred during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2020 that relates to the Parent. 

150 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Loss on investments Unrealized gain on company-owned life insurance policies, net of expenses ) ) ) Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Losses on extinguishment of debt Other Net change in: Intercompany receivables ) ) Other assets ) ) Intercompany payables ) ) ) Other payables ) Accrued compensation, commissions and benefits Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investments in subsidiaries ) ) ) (Advances to)/repayments from subsidiaries, net ) Proceeds from sales of investments Purchase of investments in company-owned life insurance policies, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options and employee stock purchases Proceeds from senior note issuances, net of debt issuance costs paid Extinguishment of senior notes payable ) Proceeds from borrowing on the RJF Credit Facility Repayment of borrowings on the RJF Credit Facility ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, including those segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, including those segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash at end of year Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents, including those segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net Supplemental disclosures of noncash activity: Investments in subsidiaries, net ) 

151 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls are procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, such as this report, are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of our assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. KPMG LLP, who audited and reported on our consolidated financial statements included in this report, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 (included as follows). 

152 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Raymond James Financial, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Raymond James Financial, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial condition of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated November 23, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Tampa, Florida 
 November 23, 2021 

153 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 A list of our executive officers appears in Part I, Item 1 of this report. The balance of the information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

ITEMS 11, 12, 13 and 14. 
 
 The information required by Items 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 The financial statements are set forth under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. 
 
 (b) Exhibit listing 
 
 See below and continued on the following pages. 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 20, 2021, among Raymond James Financial, Inc., Macaroon One LLC, Macaroon Two LLC and TriState Capital Holdings, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2021. 
 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Raymond James Financial, Inc. as filed with the Secretary of State of Florida on November 25, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 28, 2008. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Raymond James Financial, Inc., reflecting amendments adopted by the Board of Directors on December 2, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2020. 
 4.1 Description of Capital Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 26, 2019. 
 4.2.1 Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2009 for Senior Debt Securities, between Raymond James Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2009. 
 4.2.2 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2016, for the 4.950 Senior Notes Due 2046, between Raymond James Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2016. 
 4.2.3 Sixth (Reopening) Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 10, 2017, for the 4.950 Senior Notes due 2046, between Raymond James Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2017. 
 4.2.4 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2020, for the 4.650 Senior Notes due 2030, between Raymond James Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2020. 
 4.2.5 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2021, for the 3.750 Senior Notes due 2051, between Raymond James Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2021. 

154 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.1 Mortgage Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2002, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2002. 
 10.2 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 11, 2012, between Raymond James Financial, Inc. and Regions Financial Corporation (excluding certain exhibits and schedules), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2012. 
 10.3.1 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended through February 20, 2020), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2020. 
 10.3.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Director under 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2012. 
 10.3.3 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, as revised and approved on August 21, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 26, 2013. 
 10.3.4 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Bonus Award (Employee/Independent Contractor) under 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, as revised and approved on August 21, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 26, 2013. 
 10.3.5 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, as revised and approved on November 20, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2014. 
 10.3.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Bonus Award under 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, as revised and approved on November 20, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2014. 
 10.3.7 Raymond James Financial, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Sub-Plan for French Employees with Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, adopted and approved on February 20, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2014. 
 10.3.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Non-Bonus Award, as revised and approved on May 17, 2017, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2018. 
 10.3.9 Form of Award Agreement for Grant of Retention RSUs to Mr. Paul C. Reilly, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2018. 
 10.3.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Non-Bonus Award for Mr. Paul C. Reilly, first used for awards granted on November 29, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2018. 
 10.3.11 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Non-Bonus Award for Canadian Employees, first used for awards granted on November 29, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2018. 
 10.3.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Non-Bonus Award, first used for awards granted on November 29, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2018. 
 10.3.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Stock Bonus Award (time-based vesting) for Mr. Paul C. Reilly, first used for awards granted on December 14, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2018. 
 10.3.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Stock Bonus Award (time-based vesting) for Canadian Employees, first used for awards granted on December 14, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2018. 
 10.3.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Stock Bonus Award (time-based vesting), first used for awards granted on December 14, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2018. 
 10.3.16 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Stock Bonus Award (performance-based vesting) for Mr. Paul C. Reilly, first used for awards granted on December 14, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2018. 
 10.3.17 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Stock Bonus Award (performance-based vesting) for Canadian Employees, first used for awards granted on December 14, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2018. 
 10.3.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement for Stock Bonus Award (performance-based vesting), first used for awards granted on December 14, 2018, under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2018. 
 10.4 Amended and Restated Raymond James Financial Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective August 22, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 21, 2018. 

155 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.5 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Amended and Restated Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan, effective May 17, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 21, 2018. 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Raymond James Financial, Inc. 2003 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held February 28, 2019, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2019. 
 10.7.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2019, among Raymond James Financial, Inc., Raymond James Associates, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2019. 
 10.7.2 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2019, among Raymond James Financial, Inc., Raymond James Associates, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2019. 
 10.7.3 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2020, among Raymond James Financial, Inc., Raymond James Associates, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020. 
 10.7.4 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2021, among Raymond James Financial, Inc., Raymond James Associates, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 22, 2021. 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2019. 
 10.9 Support Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and among James F. Getz, Brian S. Fetterolf, Raymond James Financial, Inc., Macaroon One LLC and, solely for purposes of the last sentence of Section 9 thereof, TriState Capital Holdings, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2021. 
 10.10 Support Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and among T-VIII PubOpps LP, Raymond James Financial, Inc., Macaroon One LLC and, solely for purposes of the last sentence of Section 9 and Section 10(c) thereof, TriState Capital Holdings, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2021. 
 21 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Paul C. Reilly pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Paul M. Shoukry pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Paul C. Reilly and Paul M. Shoukry pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which a director or executive officer participates. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

156 

RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of St. Petersburg, State of Florida, on the 23 rd day of November, 2021. 
 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. By: /s/ PAUL C. REILLY Paul C. Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ PAUL C. REILLY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director November 23, 2021 Paul C. Reilly /s/ PAUL M. SHOUKRY Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) November 23, 2021 Paul M. Shoukry /s/ JONATHAN W. OORLOG, JR. Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) November 23, 2021 Jonathan W. Oorlog, Jr. /s/ THOMAS A. JAMES Chairman Emeritus and Director November 23, 2021 Thomas A. James /s/ MARLENE DEBEL Director November 23, 2021 Marlene Debel /s/ ROBERT M. DUTKOWSKY Director November 23, 2021 Robert M. Dutkowsky /s/ JEFFREY N. EDWARDS Director November 23, 2021 Jeffrey N. Edwards /s/ BENJAMIN C. ESTY Director November 23, 2021 Benjamin C. Esty /s/ ANNE GATES Director November 23, 2021 Anne Gates /s/ FRANCIS S. GODBOLD Vice Chairman and Director November 23, 2021 Francis S. Godbold /s/ GORDON L. JOHNSON Director November 23, 2021 Gordon L. Johnson /s/ RODERICK C. MCGEARY Director November 23, 2021 Roderick C. McGeary /s/ RAJ SESHADRI Director November 23, 2021 Raj Seshadri /s/ SUSAN N. STORY Director November 23, 2021 Susan N. Story 
 
 157 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex212021093010k.htm
 EX-21 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 The following listing includes all of the registrant's subsidiaries as of September 30, 2021, which are included in the consolidated financial statements 
 Entity Name State Country of Incorporation Subsidiary or Joint Venture of 740780 Carillon, LLC Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. 800 Carillon, LLC Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Carillon Fund Distributors, Inc. Florida Eagle Asset Management, Inc. Carillon Tower Advisers, Inc. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. CDM Retirement Consultants, Inc. Maryland Northwest Investment Consulting, Inc. Cebile Advisors Limited United Kingdom Raymond James Financial Holdings UK Limited Cebile Capital, LLC Delaware Cebile Corporation Cebile Capital, LLP United Kingdom Raymond James Financial Holdings UK Limited Cebile Advisors Limited Cebile Corporation British Virgin Islands Sterling US Acquisition Co., LLC ClariVest Asset Management, LLC Delaware Eagle Asset Management, Inc. Copper Acquisition Co. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Cougar Global ETF Portfolio Management Inc. Delaware Cougar Global Investments Limited Cougar Global Investments Limited Ontario Raymond James International Canada, Inc. Eagle Asset Management, Inc. Florida Carillon Tower Advisers, Inc. EB Management I, LLC Florida Eagle Asset Management, Inc. Financo Limited United Kingdom Financo, LLC Financo, LLC Delaware Gryphon Acquisition Co. Financo PEO, Inc. Delaware Financo, LLC Financo PEO, LLC Delaware Financo, LLC Financo PEO, Inc Financo Securities, LLC Delaware Financo, LLC Gateway Institutional Tax Credit Fund II, Ltd Florida Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Gryphon Acquisition Co. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Kaufmann and Goble Associates, Inc. California Northwest Investment Consulting, Inc. MK Holding, Inc. Alabama Raymond James Financial, Inc. MK Investment Management, Inc. Delaware MK Holding, Inc. Morgan Keegan & Associates, LLC Delaware MK Holding, Inc. Morgan Keegan & Company, LLC Tennessee Raymond James Financial, Inc. Morgan Keegan Private Equity Employee Fund of Funds II, L.P. Delaware MK Investment Management, Inc. Morgan Keegan Private Equity Fund of Funds II, L.P. Delaware MK Investment Management, Inc. Morgan Keegan Private Equity Fund of Funds II Blocker, LLC Delaware Morgan Keegan Private Equity QP Fund of Funds II, LP Morgan Keegan Private Equity Fund of Funds II, LP Morgan Keegan Private Equity Employee Fund of Funds II, LP Morgan Keegan Private Equity Fund of Funds II Holdings, LP Delaware Morgan Keegan Private Equity QP Fund of Funds II, LP Morgan Keegan Private Equity Fund of Funds II, LP Morgan Keegan Private Equity Employee Fund of Funds II, LP Morgan Keegan Private Equity Fund of Funds II Blocker, LLC Morgan Keegan Private Equity QP Fund of Funds II, LP Delaware MK Investment Management, Inc. Morgan Properties, LLC Tennessee Raymond James Investments, LLC Native American Housing Fund III L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Native American Housing Fund IV L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Native American Housing Fund V L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Native American Housing Fund VI L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Northwest Holdings, Inc. Delaware NWPS Holdings, Inc. Northwest Investment Consulting, Inc. Washington Northwest Holdings, Inc. NWPS Actuary Services, Inc. California Northwest Investment Consulting, Inc. NWPS Holdings, Inc. Delaware Copper Acquisition Co. Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James (USA) Ltd. Canada Raymond James Ltd. 
 158 

Entity Name State Country of Incorporation Subsidiary or Joint Venture of Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 1 L.P. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 2 L.P. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 3 L.P. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 4 L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 5 L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 6 L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 7 L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 8 L.L.C.. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 9 L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Affordable Housing Fund 10 L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Bank Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James California Housing Opportunities Fund X L.L.C. Florida Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Canada, LLC Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Canadian Acquisition, Inc. Florida Raymond James Bank Raymond James Canadian Holdings, LLC Florida Raymond James Canadian Acquisition, Inc. Raymond James Capital Inc. Delaware Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Capital Funding, Inc. Florida Raymond James Bank Raymond James Capital Services, LLC Delaware MK Holding, Inc. Raymond James Community Reinvestment Fund 1, LLC Florida Raymond James Bank Raymond James Corporate Finance GmbH Germany Raymond James Global Holdings Limited Raymond James Development Tax Credit Fund L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James European Holdings, Inc. Florida Raymond James International Holdings, Inc. Raymond James Finance Company of Canada, Ltd. Canada Raymond James Canadian Holdings, LLC Raymond James Financial Holdings UK Limited U.K. Raymond James International Holdings, Inc. Raymond James Financial International Limited U.K. Raymond James International Holdings, Inc. Raymond James Financial Management Ltd. Canada Raymond James Ltd. Raymond James Financial Planning Ltd. British Columbia Raymond James Ltd. Raymond James Financial Products, Inc. Tennessee MK Holding, Inc. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Global Holdings Limited U.K. Raymond James International Holdings, Inc Raymond James Insurance Group, Inc. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James International Canada, Inc. Florida Raymond James International Holdings, Inc. Raymond James International Holdings, Inc. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Investment Counsel Ltd. Canada Raymond James Ltd. Raymond James Investments, LLC Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Investment Services Limited U.K. Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Ltd. Canada Raymond James Canada, LLC Raymond James Management, LLC Delaware Raymond James Investments, LLC Raymond James Management-Forensics, LLC Delaware Raymond James Investments, LLC Raymond James Mortgage Company, Inc. Tennessee MK Holding, Inc. Raymond James Multifamily Finance, Inc. Florida Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Municipal Products, Inc. Delaware MK Holding, Inc. Raymond James Native American Housing Opportunities Fund I L.L.C. (SERIES A) Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Preservation Opportunities Fund III L.L.C. Florida Raymond James Multifamily Finance, Inc. Raymond James Preservation Opportunities Fund XX L.L.C. Florida Raymond James Multifamily Finance, Inc. Raymond James Research Services, LLC Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James South American Holdings, Inc. Florida Raymond James International Holdings, Inc. Raymond James Structured Products, Inc. Delaware MK Holding, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund 32-A L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund 32-B L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund 33 L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund 34 L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. 
 159 

Entity Name State Country of Incorporation Subsidiary or Joint Venture of Raymond James Tax Credit Fund XI L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund XX L.L.C. Florida Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund XXII L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund XXIII L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund XXV-A L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund XXV-B L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Fund XXVII L.L.C. Delaware Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Trust, National Association U.S.A. Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Trust (Canada) Ontario Raymond James Ltd. Raymond James Trust (Quebec) Ltd. Quebec Raymond James Trust (Canada) Raymond James Trust Company of New Hampshire New Hampshire Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James UK Wealth Management Holdings Limited Bailiwick of Jersey Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Yatirim Menkul Kiymetler A.S. Turkey Raymond James European Holdings, Inc. RJ Capital Services, Inc. Delaware Raymond James Financial, Inc. RJ Securities, Inc. Florida Raymond James Investments, LLC RJC Forensics, LLC Delaware Raymond James Investments, LLC RJOZF 2 L.L.C. Florida Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. RJTCF Disposition Corporation Florida RJTCF Disposition Fund L.L.C. RJTCF Disposition Fund L.L.C. Florida Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Scout Investments, Inc. Missouri Carillon Tower Advisers, Inc. Silver Lane Advisors LLC Delaware SLA Acquisition Co. Sterling US Acquisition Co., LLC Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. SLA Acquisition Co. Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. SLG Partners GP, LLC Delaware Raymond James Investments, LLC Raymond James Management, LLC SLG Partners, LP Delaware SLG Partners GP, LLC SLG Partners, LP II Delaware SLG Partners GP, LLC The Producers Choice LLC Michigan Raymond James Insurance Group, Inc. Trautmann, Maher & Associates, Inc. Washington Northwest Investment Consulting, Inc. Value Partners, Inc. Florida Raymond James Tax Credit Funds, Inc. Wiregrass Raymond James, LLC Florida Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 
 160 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex232021093010k.htm
 EX-23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors 
 Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-103280, 333-157516, 333-179683, 333-209628, 333-230065, 333-236605) on Form S-8 and (Nos. 333-204400, 333-225044, 333-256043) on Form S-3ASR of Raymond James Financial, Inc. and subsidiaries of our reports dated November 23, 2021, with respect to the consolidated statements of financial condition of Raymond James Financial, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, which reports appear in the September 30, 2021 annual report on Form 10-K of Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Tampa, Florida 
 November 23, 2021 

161 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex3112021093010k.htm
 EX-31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Paul C. Reilly, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 23, 2021 

s PAUL C. REILLY Paul C. Reilly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 162 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex3122021093010k.htm
 EX-31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Paul M. Shoukry, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 23, 2021 

s PAUL M. SHOUKRY Paul M. Shoukry Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 163 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex322021093010k.htm
 EX-32 SARBANES-OXLEY CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF 
 FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Raymond James Financial, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s PAUL C. REILLY Paul C. Reilly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 November 23, 2021 
 s PAUL M. SHOUKRY Paul M. Shoukry Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 November 23, 2021 
 
 164 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rjf-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rjf-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rjf-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rjf-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rjf-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

