<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211220_10-K_edgar_data_1397016_0001493152-21-032028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26530135</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>266420</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>19859071</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2688101</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1619518</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1865956</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-032028.hdr.sgml : 20211220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211220160608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-032028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		154
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211003
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Optex Systems Holdings Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001397016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS & LENSES [3827]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1003

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54114
		FILM NUMBER:		211505292

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1420 PRESIDENTIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			RICHARDSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-764-5700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1420 PRESIDENTIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			RICHARDSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75081

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sustut Exploration Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-032028.txt : 20211220

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___ until ___ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
Registered under Section 12(b) of the Act 

 None 

Securities
Registered under Section 12(g) of the Act 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the 4,984,863 shares of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing price on
the OTCQB on March 28, 2021 was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Shares
 Outstanding 
 
 Title
 of Class 
 
 December
 17, 2021 
 
 Common
 Stock 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Description of Business 
 3 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 27 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Securities 
 27 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 28 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 63 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 63 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 64 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 67 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 73 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 75 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits 
 76 

Item
 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 77 

2 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K by Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. Optex Systems Holdings, the Company, we, 
 us, or our ), in particular Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any statements contained in this Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical
fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. When used in this Report on Form 10- K and other reports, statements, and information
we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Commission or SEC ), in our press releases, presentations
to securities analysts or investors, or in oral statements made by or with the approval of an executive officer, the words or phrases
 believes, may, will, expects, should, continue, anticipates, 
 intends, will likely result, estimates, projects or similar expressions and variations
thereof are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. 

These
forward-looking statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies concerning future events, including, but not
limited to, any statements regarding our assumptions about financial performance; backlog; follow-on orders; the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic; supply chain challenges; the continuation of historical trends; the sufficiency of our cash balances for future liquidity and
capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes in accounting policies on our results of operations, financial condition or cash
flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future operations; and the economy in general or the future of the defense industry. 

We
caution that these statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control, and actual results
may differ materially depending on a variety of important factors. Some of these risks and uncertainties are identified in Item
1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and you are urged to review that section. You should understand that it
is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete list of
all potential risks or uncertainties. 

We
do not assume the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. You should carefully evaluate such statements in light of factors
described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

PART
I 

Item
1 Description of Business 

Background 

Current
Line of Business 

We
manufacture optical sighting systems and assemblies, primarily for Department of Defense applications. Our products are installed on
various types of U.S. military land vehicles, such as the Abrams and Bradley fighting vehicles, light armored and armored security vehicles
and have been selected for installation on the Stryker family of vehicles. We also manufacture and deliver numerous periscope configurations,
rifle and surveillance sights and night vision optical assemblies. Our products consist primarily of build-to-customer print products
that are delivered both directly to the armed services and to other defense prime contractors. Less than 1 of our revenue is related
to the resale of products substantially manufactured by others. In this case, the product would likely be a simple replacement part of
a larger system previously produced by us. 

We
continue to field new product opportunities from both domestic and international customers. We believe that given continuing unrest in
multiple global hot spots, the need for precision optics continues to increase. Most of these requirements are for observation and situational
awareness applications; however, we continue to see requests for higher magnification and custom reticles in various product modifications.
The basic need to protect the soldier while providing information about the mission environment continues to be the primary driver for
these requirements. 

3 

Recent
Events 

Amended
and Restated Employment Agreement for Danny Schoening 

The
Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Danny Schoening dated December 1, 2021. The term of the agreement
commenced as of December 1, 2021 and the current term ends on November 30, 2022. Mr. Schoening s base salary is 296,031 per annum.
Mr. Schoening will be eligible for a performance bonus based upon a rolling three-year operating plan adopted by the Company s
Board of Directors (the Board ). The bonus will be based on operating metrics decided annually by our Board and tied to
such three-year plan. The target bonus equates to 30 of Mr. Schoening s base salary. Our Board will have discretion in good faith
to alter the performance bonus upward or downward by 20 . The amended and restated employment agreement also served to amend Mr. Schoening s
Restricted Stock Unit RSU Agreement, dated January 2, 2019, by changing the third and final vesting date for the restricted
stock units granted under such agreement. For additional information on the amended and restated employment agreement, please see Item
11. Executive Compensation Employment Agreements - Danny Schoening , which disclosure is incorporated by reference
herein. 

Renewal
of Employment Agreement for Karen Hawkins 

On
February 1, 2021, the employment agreement for Karen Hawkins, CFO, auto-renewed for an additional 18-month period, expiring on June 30,
2022. The contract automatically renews for subsequent 18-month periods unless Ms. Hawkins or the Company give notice of termination
at least 90 days before the end of the term then in effect. 

Stock
 Warrant Repurchases 

On
June 8, 2020 the Company announced authorization for a 1 million stock repurchase program. As of September 27, 2020 there were 105,733
shares held in treasury purchased under the June 2020 stock repurchase program. The Company purchased a total of 519,266 shares under
the program through April 2021, which were subsequently cancelled in June 2021. 

On
September 22, 2021 the Company announced authorization for an additional 1 million stock repurchase program. 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, there were 449,088 common shares repurchased through the repurchase programs at a cost of 869
thousand. As of October 3, 2021, there were 35,555 shares held in treasury purchased under the September 2021 stock repurchase program.
The shares authorized to be repurchased under the repurchase program may be purchased from time to time at prevailing market prices,
through open market or in negotiated transactions, depending upon market conditions and subject to Rule 10b-18 as promulgated by the
SEC. 

July
2021 Ransomware Attack 

On
July 13, 2021, the Company experienced a ransomware attack. Information regarding the attack was communicated to the appropriate U.S.
government officials. The Company isolated the source of the attack and restored normal operations with no material day-to-day impact
to the Company or the Company s ability to access its data. As part of our normal disaster recovery procedures, we were able to
restore our systems with clean back-ups. Sensitive data may have been breached, but we did not uncover any evidence of comprised data.
We did not communicate with the attackers and engaged a third-party recovery and monitoring service to assist with the investigation
and prevention of future attacks. Subsequent to the event, we have enhanced our IT security to minimize future occurrences. 

Recent
Orders 

On
 January 11, 2021, the Company announced a contract for Laser Protected Periscopes for a base period of three years plus two one-year
 option years, not to exceed 14.4 million pursuant to an Indefinite Delivery - Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract. 

On
 August 2, 2021, the Company announced a contract award of 8.4 million as part of a twenty-four-month purchase order for laser filters
 manufactured at the (AOC) Division of Optex Systems, Inc. 

4 

On
 September 21, 2021, the Company announced a 3 million order to be delivered over the next twelve months as part of a multi-year
 strategic supplier agreement with a domestic commercial manufacturer of premium optical devices. The products will be manufactured
 at the (AOC) Division of Optex Systems, Inc. 

On
 September 27, 2021, the Company announced an initial 1.4 million order against a 5 Year Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity
 contract for laser protected periscopes from a U.S. Defense agency customer with deliveries starting in 2022 and concluding in 2023
 for this initial release. 

Products 

Our
products are installed on various types of U.S. military land vehicles, such as the Abrams and Bradley, and Stryker families of fighting
vehicles, as well as light armored and armored security vehicles. We also manufacture and deliver numerous periscope configurations,
rifle and surveillance sights and night vision optical assemblies. We deliver our products both directly to the federal government and
to prime contractors. 

On
August 31, 2020, the Company announced it is now offering mil-spec quality High Efficiency Anti-Reflective Coatings for Infrared applications
in both the military and commercial markets. These coatings are manufactured at the Applied Optics Center (AOC) Division of Optex Systems,
Inc. in Dallas, Texas. During the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, AOC booked new orders of 199 thousand for the new products and
an additional order of 52 thousand during October 2021. We anticipate continued revenue growth from the new offering in the current
fiscal year. 

We
deliver high volume products, under multi-year contracts, to large defense contractors and government customers. Increased emphasis in
the past several years has been on new opportunities to promote and deliver our products in foreign military sales, where U.S.-manufactured,
combat and wheeled vehicles, are supplied (and upgraded) in cooperation with the U.S. Department of Defense. We have a reputation for
quality and credibility with our customers as a strategic supplier. We also anticipate the opportunity to integrate some of our night
vision and optical sights products into commercial applications. 

Specific
product categories by product line include: 

Product
 Line 
 
 Product
 Category 
 
 Periscopes

Laser
 Non-Laser Protected Plastic Glass Periscopes, Electronic M17 Day/Thermal Periscopes, Vision Blocks 

Sighting
 Systems 
 
 Back
 Up Sights, Digital Day and Night Sighting Systems (DDAN), M36 Thermal Periscope, Unity Mirrors, Optical Weapon System Support and
 Maintenance, Commander Weapon Station Sight (CWSS) 

Howitzers

M137
 Telescope, M187 Mount, M119 Aiming Device, XM10 Aiming Circle 

Other

Muzzle
 Reference Systems (MRS), Binoculars, Collimators, Optical Lenses Elements, Windows 

Applied
 Optics Center 
 
 Laser
 Interference Filter, Optical Assemblies, Laser Filter Units, Day Windows, Binoculars, Specialty Thin Film Coatings. 

Contracts 

Some
of our contracts may allow for government contract financing in the form of contract progress payments pursuant to Federal Acquisition
Regulation 52.232-16, Progress Payments . Subject to certain limitations, this clause provides for government payment of
up to 90 of incurred program costs prior to product delivery for small businesses like us. To the extent any contracts allow for progress
payments and the respective contracts would result in significant preproduction cash requirements for design, process development, tooling,
material or other resources which could exceed our current working capital or line of credit availability, we intend to utilize this
benefit to minimize any potential negative impact on working capital prior to receipt of payment for the associated contract deliveries. 

5 

Our
government contracts allow for Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.243-1 which entitles the contractor to an equitable adjustment 
for contract or statement of work changes effecting cost or time of performance. In essence, an equitable price adjustment request is
a request for a contract price modification (generally an increase) that allows for the contractor to be made whole for
additional costs incurred which were necessitated by some modification of the contract effort. This modification may come from an overt
change in U.S. Government requirements or scope, or it may come from a change in the conditions surrounding the contract (e.g., differing
site conditions or late delivery of U.S. Government-furnished property) which result in statement of work additions, deletions, part
substitutions, schedule or other changes to the contract which impact the contractor s overall cost to complete. 

Each
contract with our customers has specific quantities of material that need to be purchased, assembled, and then shipped. Prior to bidding
for a contract, we contact potential sources of material and receive qualified quotations for each material. In some cases, the entire
volume is given to a single supplier and in other cases, the volume might be split between several suppliers. If a contract has a single
source supplier and that supplier fails to meet their obligations (e.g., quality, delivery), then we would attempt to find an acceptable
alternate supplier, and if successful, we would then renegotiate contractual deliverables (e.g., specifications, delivery or price).
As of November 22, 2021, approximately 1 of our material requirements are single-sourced across 9 suppliers representing approximately
8 of our active supplier order values. Single-sourced component requirements span across all of our major product lines. Of these single
sourced components, we have material contracts (purchase orders) with firm pricing and delivery schedules in place with each of the suppliers
to supply the parts necessary to satisfy our current contractual needs. See Item 1.A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to
Our Business Certain of our products are dependent on specialized sources of supply potentially subject to disruption which could
have a material, adverse impact on our business for a description of certain supplier risks we face, which description is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Approximately
83 of our contracts contain termination clauses for convenience. In the event these clauses should be invoked by our customer, future
revenues against these contracts could be affected, however these clauses allow for a full recovery of any incurred contract costs plus
a reasonable fee up through and as a result of the contract termination. We are currently unaware of any pending terminations on our
existing contracts. 

In
some cases, contract awards may be issued that are subject to renegotiation at a date (up to 180 days) subsequent to the initial award
date. Generally, these subsequent negotiations have had an immaterial impact (zero to 5 on the contract price of the affected contracts.
Currently, none of our awarded contracts are subject to renegotiation. 

We
are subject to, and must comply with, various governmental regulations that impact, among other things, our revenue, operating costs,
profit margins and the internal organization and operation of our business. The material regulations affecting our U.S. government business
are summarized in the table below. 

Regulation 
 
 Summary 

Federal
 Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 
 
 The
 principal set of rules in the Federal Acquisition Regulation System. This system consists of sets of regulations issued by agencies
 of the federal government of the United States to govern what is called the acquisition process, which is the process
 through which the government acquires goods and services. That process consists of three phases: (1) need recognition and acquisition
 planning, (2) contract formation, and (3) contract administration. This system regulates the activities of government personnel in
 carrying out that process. It does not regulate the purchasing activities of private sector firms, except to the extent that those
 activities involve government solicitations and contracts by reference. 

6 

International
 Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) 
 
 United
 States government regulations that control the export and import of defense-related articles and services on the United States Munitions
 List. These regulations implement the provisions of the Arms Export Control Act. 

Truth
 in Negotiations Act (TINA) 
 
 A
 public law enacted for the purpose of providing for full and fair disclosure by contractors in the conduct of negotiations with the
 government. The most significant provision included is the requirement that contractors submit certified cost and pricing data for
 negotiated procurements above a defined threshold of 2 million for contracts entered into after June, 30, 2018. The law requires
 contractors to provide the government with an extremely broad range of cost or pricing information relevant to the expected costs
 of contract performance, and it requires contractors and subcontractors to submit cost or pricing data to the government and to certify
 that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, the data are current, accurate, and complete. A contracting officer may still request
 cost or price data, if necessary, without certification, to determine whether the proposed cost or price is fair and reasonable for
 contracts which are below the threshold. 

We
are responsible for full compliance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). Upon award, the contract may identify certain regulations
that we need to meet. For example, a contract may allow progress billing pursuant to specific FAR clauses incorporated into the contract.
Other contracts may call for specific first article acceptance and testing requirements. The FAR will identify the specific regulations
that we must follow based on the type of contract awarded and contains guidelines and regulations for managing a contract after award,
including conditions under which contracts may be terminated, in whole or in part, at the government s convenience or for default.
These regulations also subject us to financial audits and other reviews by the government of our costs, performance, accounting and general
business practices relating to our government contracts, which may result in adjustment of our contract-related costs and fees and, among
other things and impose accounting rules that define allowable and unallowable costs governing our right to reimbursement under certain
contracts. 

First
Article Testing and Acceptance requirements consist of specific steps which could be comprehensive and time consuming. The dimensions
and material specifications of each piece of the assembly must be verified, and some products may have in excess of 100 assembled parts.
Once the individual piece parts are verified to be compliant to the specification, the assembly processes are documented and verified.
A sample of the production (typically three units) is verified to meet final performance specifications. Once the units meet the final
performance specification, they are then subjected to accelerated life testing, a series of tests which simulate the lifetime use of
the product in the field. This consists of exposing the units to thermal extremes, humidity, mechanical shock, vibration, and other physical
exposure tests. Once completed, the units undergo a final verification process to ensure that no damage has occurred as a result of the
testing and that they continue to meet the performance specification. All of the information and data is recorded into a final first
article inspection and test report and submitted to the customer along with the test units for final approval. First Article Acceptance
and Testing is generally required on new contracts/product awards but may also be required on existing products or contracts where there
has been a significant gap in production, or where the product has undergone significant manufacturing process, material, tooling, equipment
or product configuration changes. 

We
are also subject to laws, regulations and executive orders restricting the use and dissemination of information deemed classified for
national security purposes and the exportation of certain products and technical data as covered by the International Traffic in Arms
Regulation (ITAR). In order to import or export items listed on the U.S. Munitions List, we are required to be registered with the Directorate
of Defense Trade Controls office. The registration is valid for one year, and the registration fees are established based on the number
of license applications submitted the previous year. We currently have an approved and current registration on file with the Directorate
of Defense Trade Controls office. Once the registration is approved, each import/export license must be filed separately. License approval
requires the company to provide proof of need, such as a valid contract or purchase order requirement for the specific product or technical
data requested on the license and requires a detailed listing of the items requested for export/import, the end-user, the end-user statement,
the value of the items, consignees/freight forwarders and a copy of a valid contract or purchase order from the end-user. The approval
process for the license can vary from several weeks to six months or more. The licenses we currently use are the Department of State
licenses: DSP-5 (permanent export), DSP-6 (license revisions) and DSP-73 (temporary export) and Department of Commerce: BIS-711 (export). 

7 

The
aforementioned licenses are valid for 48 months from date that each license is issued. A summary of our active ITAR licenses is presented
below (updated as of November 17, 2021): 

Fiscal Year 
 Number of 
 Total Contract 
 Value of 
 
 Active ITAR Licenses 
 of Expiration 
 Licenses 
 Licenses 

DSP-5 

Issued 2018 
 2022 
 8 
 2,742,658 
 
 Issued 2019 
 2023 
 4 
 20,934,845 
 
 Issued 2020 
 2024 
 3 
 51,365 
 
 Issued 2021 
 2025 
 _3 
 232,630 
 
 Total DSP-5 Licenses 
 
 18 
 23,961,498 

DSP-6 (no active licenses) 
 N/A 

DSP-73 

Issued in 2019 
 2023 
 1 
 4,000 
 
 Total DSP-73 Licenses 
 
 1 
 4,000 

BIS-711 

Issued in 2018 
 2022 
 4 
 113,907 
 
 Issued in 2019 
 2023 
 4 
 3,416 
 
 Issued in 2020 
 2024 
 5 
 92,554 
 
 Issued in 2021 
 2025 
 4 
 323,911 
 
 Total BIS-711 Licenses 
 
 17 
 533,788 

Total All Licenses 
 
 36 
 24,499,286 

These
licenses are subject to termination if a licensee is found to be in violation of the Arms Export Control Act or the ITAR requirements.
If a licensee is found to be in violation, in addition to a termination of its licenses, it can be subject to fines and penalties by
the government. 

Our
contracts may also be governed by the Truth in Negotiation Act (TINA) requirements where certain of our contracts or proposals exceed
the TINA threshold 2 million for awards after June 30, 2018), and/or are deemed as sole source, or non-competitive awards, covered
under this act. For these contracts, we must provide a vast array of cost and pricing data in addition to certification that our pricing
data and disclosure materials are current, accurate and complete upon conclusion of the negotiation. Due to the additional disclosure
and certification requirements, if a post contract award audit were to uncover that the pricing data provided was in any way not current,
accurate or complete as of the certification date, we could be subjected to a defective pricing claim adjustment with accrued interest.
We have no history of defective pricing claim adjustments and have no outstanding defective pricing claims pending. Additionally, as
a result of this requirement, contract price negotiations may span from two to six months and can result in undefinitized or not to exceed
ceiling priced contracts subject to future downward negotiations and price adjustments. Currently, we do not have any undefinitized contracts
subject to further price negotiation. 

Our
failure to comply with applicable regulations, rules and approvals or misconduct by any of our employees could result in the imposition
of fines and penalties, the loss of security clearances, the loss of our U.S. government contracts or our suspension or debarment from
contracting with the U.S. government generally, any of which could have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. We are currently in compliance with all applicable regulations and do not have any pending claims
as a result of noncompliance. 

8 

The
terms of our material contracts as of November 17, 2021, are as follows: 

Customer 
 Contract 
 Total
 Award 
 Value (2) 
 Remaining 
 Value (3) 
 Delivery 
 
 Customer 
 PO/Contract 
 Type (1) 
 (millions) 
 (millions) 
 Period 

US Prime Contractor (1) 
 Subcontract 
 FFPQ 
 1.6 
 0.1 
 Dec 2017- Feb 2022 
 
 Periscopes 
 PO 35506523 

US Prime Contractor (2) 
 Subcontract 
 FFPQ 
 3 
 1.1 
 Oct 2017- Mar 2024 
 
 Sighting Systems 
 PO 35515590 

DLA Land and Maritime (3) 
 Prime 
 IDIQ 
 0.9 
 0.4 
 Feb 2020 - Jun 2022 
 
 Periscopes 
 SPE7LX-18-D-0108 

US Prime Contractor (4) 
 Subcontract 
 FFPQ 
 2.6 
 0.3 
 Aug 2017- Feb 2022 
 
 Day Windows (AOC) 
 PO 40269398 

DLA Land and Maritime (5) 
 Prime 
 IDIQ 
 0.2 
 0.1 
 Feb 2021 - Apr 2022 
 
 Periscopes 
 SPE7LX-19-D-0089 

DLA Land and Maritime (6) 
 Prime 
 IDIQ 
 0.6 
 0.4 
 Dec 2021 - July 2022 
 
 Periscopes 
 SPE7LX-20-D-0020 

DLA Land and Maritime (7) 
 Prime/Shared 
 IDIQ 
 - 
 - 
 No task awards have 
 
 Glass Periscopes 
 SPE7MX-20-D-0012 

been released 

DLA Land and Maritime (8) 
 Prime 
 IDIQ 
 - 
 - 
 No task awards as of 
 
 Periscopes 
 SPE7MX-20-D-0028 

current date 

DLA Land and Maritime (9) 
 Prime 
 IDIQ 
 - 
 - 
 No task awards as of 
 
 Periscopes 
 SPE7MX-20-D-0032 

current date 

U.S. Prime Contractor (10) XM10 Aiming Circles 
 Subcontract PO 63659 
 FFPQ 
 2.3 
 2.3 
 Jul 2021- Oct 2023 

DLA Land and Maritime (11) 
 Prime 
 IDIQ 
 0.8 
 0.4 
 Sept 2021 - Jan 2022 
 
 Periscopes 
 SPE7LX-21-D-0057 

U.S. Prime Contractor (12) Laser Filter Units (AOC) 
 Subcontract PO 631537 
 FFPQ 
 8.4 
 8.3 
 Aug 2021 - Oct 2023 

Commercial Customer (13) Optical Assemblies (AOC) 
 Subcontract PO26071, 26077 
 FFPQ 
 3 
 3 
 Dec 2021 - June 2022 

US Prime Contractor (14) Periscopes 
 Subcontract PO 40389248,40389250 
 FFPQ 
 1.4 
 1.4 
 Feb 2022 - Mar 2023 

(1) 
 Contract
 quantity awarded on December 2, 2016 for laser protected periscopes installed on Light Armored Vehicles in the Middle East. 

9 

(2) 
 The
 original three-year contract was awarded on September 11, 2017 to provide LAV 6.0 optimized weapon system support for Optex s
 Commander Sighting System. The contract includes option years to extend the period of performance through 2035 if awarded. The current
 contract option extends the in-service support through March 2024 for their existing fleet of Light Armored Vehicles. 
 
 (3) 
 Contract
 awarded September 5, 2018. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing for
 the duration of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five years.

(4) 
 Contract
 awarded February 6, 2017 with an additional quantity executed on January 24, 2019. This is a Firm Fixed Price order for Day Windows
 manufactured at the Applied Optics Center for delivery through March 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Contract
 awarded March 4, 2019. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing for the
 duration of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five years.

(6) 
 Contract
 awarded on November 12, 2019. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing
 for the duration of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five
 years for periscopes valued up to 2.3 million. 
 
 (7) 
 Contract
 awarded on December 5, 2019. This is a shared long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed
 pricing for the duration of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of
 (5) five years and a maximum of value 35 million for Improved Commander Weapon System (ICWS) periscopes. As of October 3, 2021,
 there have been no task orders released against the base contract award. 
 
 (8) 
 Contract
 awarded on January 24, 2020. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing
 for the duration of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five
 years for periscopes valued up to 3.6 million. As of October 3, 2021, there have been no task orders released against the base contract
 award. 
 
 (9) 
 Contract
 awarded on February 12, 2020. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing
 for the duration of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five
 years for periscopes valued up to 9.2 million. As of October 3, 2021, there have been no task orders released against the base contract
 award. 
 
 (10) 
 Purchase
 Order by a U.S. prime contractor in support of government contract W15QKN-16-D-0055 for Aiming Circle optical subassemblies. The
 purchase order was awarded on July 30, 2020 for 2 million and amended to 2.3 million on 9/14/2020 and includes non-recurring engineering
 and first article testing during fiscal year 2021, with production deliveries from November 2021 through October 2023. 
 
 (11) 
 Contract
 awarded on January 6, 2021. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing
 for the duration of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five
 years for periscopes valued up to 14.4 million. 
 
 (12) 
 Purchase
 Order awarded August 3, 2021 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. Award includes first article inspection
 in August 2021 and production deliveries commencing in September 2021 through October 2023. 
 
 (13) 
 Purchase
 Orders awarded September 8, 2021 and September 21, 2021 by a commercial customer. 
 
 (14) 
 Purchase
 Orders awarded September 24, 2021 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. 

Market
Opportunity U.S. Military 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, approximately 86 of our business was in support of U.S. military products. The chart below
was derived from public government spending sources and depicts total U.S. military spending from 2011 through 2020 and estimated spending
through 2026. The purpose of including this chart is to provide the reader with historical trend data and projected U.S. military defense
and procurement spending over time. For fiscal year 2022, the total projected military spending is estimated at 729.5 billion, an overall
increase of 1.7 over estimated 2021 spending. The chart below also depicts increased spending through 2026 of 9.0 from the current
estimated fiscal year 2021 level. Military procurement spending, a subset of total military spending, depicts an overall decline of 13.3
billion, or 9.7 in fiscal year 2022 as compared to the estimated spending in fiscal year 2021. 

10 

Military
spending was negatively impacted by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA 2011), which was passed in August 2011. The BCA 2011 mandated
a 917.0 billion reduction in discretionary spending over the succeeding decade, and 1.2 trillion in automatic spending cuts over a
nine-year period to be split between defense and non-defense programs beginning in January 2013. During the years 2015-2019 Congress
enacted additional legislative budget measures which eased the strict spending caps set forth in sequestration of the BCA 2011 through
the 2021 fiscal budget year. 

On
February 9, 2018, Congress enacted the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (BBA 2018), a budget stop gap resolution which lifted the sequestration
limits on military spending by 165 billion through fiscal year 2019. On August 2, 2019, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019 (BBA 2019)
was signed into law. The BBA 2019 raises the budget caps for both defense and nondefense for fiscal year 2020 and fiscal year 2021, the
final two years of the BCA 2011 discretionary cap period. The 2019 bill increases the defense base budget by 171 billion over the BCA
2011 and sets limits on the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) Emergency Funding of 141 billion over the two-year period. Under the
current law, there are no caps on defense and nondefense discretionary spending for fiscal year 2022 and beyond. 

As
of December 14, 2021, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (2022 NDAA) has not yet been passed by Congress. The
Chart below depicts the estimated funding levels from the U.S. Department of Defense based on the FY2022 budget request. 

Source:
Government Publishing Office, U.S. Budget Historical Tables, FY 2022, Table 3.2 Outlays by function and sub function, 1962-2026. 

11 

The
table below depicts the U.S. Department of Defense budget request for fiscal year 2022 for major ground system programs. The total fiscal
year 2022 budget request for major ground system programs decreased by 14.2 from the fiscal year 2021 levels and by 16.3 from the fiscal
year 2020 levels. Although it is difficult to directly tie the budget request to specific components provided by Optex Systems, we provide
periscopes, collimator assemblies, vision blocks and laser interface filters to the U.S. armed forces on almost all of the ground system
platforms categorized below. 

Major Weapon System Summary 

in Millions) 
 FY 2020 
 FY 2021 
 FY 2022 
 
 Ground Systems - Joint Service 

JLTV 
 Joint Light Tactical Vehicle 
 1,716.5 
 1,401.9 
 1,055.3 
 
 Ground Systems - USA 

M-1 
 Abrams Tank Modification/Upgrades 
 2,186.0 
 1,404.2 
 1,031.7 
 
 AMPV 
 Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle 
 525.2 
 139.1 
 140.3 
 
 PIM 
 Paladin Integrated Management 
 744.5 
 681.4 
 659.7 
 
 FMTV 
 Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles 
 141.4 
 207.8 
 54.1 
 
 FHTV 
 Family Of Heavy Tactical Vehicles 
 50.8 
 28.8 
 95.9 
 
 NGSW 
 Next Generation Squad Weapon 
 86.2 
 124.4 
 165.0 
 
 Stryker 
 Stryker 
 953.2 
 1,186.3 
 1,036.0 
 
 Ground Systems - USMC 

ACV 
 Amphibious Combat Vehicle 
 349.3 
 478.6 
 613.1 
 
 Total Ground System Vehicles 
 6,753.1 
 5,652.5 
 4,851.1 

Source:
Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller)/Chief Financial Officer, Program Acquisition Cost by Weapon System, United
States Department of Defense, Fiscal Year 2022 Budget Request , May 2021. 

The
2022 Department of Defense Budget indicates an overall decrease in ground system vehicle program spending in the fiscal year 2021 and
the 2022 appropriation budget years. There is generally a six to eighteen-month delay between U.S. defense budget requests and program
delivery orders related to our products from government agencies and our prime defense customers. In addition, DoD budget requests are
often changed throughout the congressional NDAA Budgeting and Budget appropriations process. The DoD budget requests exclude any foreign
military sales as they are funded separately from the annual NDAA budgets. We are carefully watching the projected trends in both DoD
military spending and FMS as defense allocation priorities change, as well as challenges which are presented from the current pandemic,
global recession, and changes in political climate to ascertain any potential impact to the company s future revenue. 

The
Applied Optics Center supports numerous other military platforms outside of the ground system vehicles budget such as infantry rifle
scopes, night vision monoculars, infantry and navy binoculars, night goggles, and infrared aircraft filters. The Applied Optics Center
has seen a substantial increase in orders from new and existing customers in support of the other platforms, which we expect to offset
the impact of the ground systems reductions to their base revenue. 

Market
Opportunity Foreign Military 

Our
products directly support FMS combat vehicles globally, including Canada, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Morocco, Egypt, South
America, and Israel. We have increased efforts to promote our proven military products, as well as newly improved product solutions directly
to foreign military representatives and domestic defense contractors supporting the FMS initiatives. 

In
addition, we have partnered with G H for the supply of acrylic-based sighting system technology to meet European customer requirements
for a total package single-technology source supply. Some foreign customers desire the reduced weight and cost savings provided by acrylic
based periscopes when compared directly to glass-based periscopes. Our partnership will allow us to deliver this technology through ITAR
licenses directly to them or their customers. G H designs and manufactures periscopes and sighting systems for armored fighting vehicles
under the Kent Periscopes brand. With a strong footprint in Europe and Asia, G H supplies glass-based products for both periscope
external viewing and system sensor-based imaging by commanders, drivers, and gunners. 

12 

We
are currently under contract with the Israeli Ministry of Defense (IMOD) to refurbish a small quantity of their Night Vision Rifle Scopes.
If this initial quantity meets their requirements, we expect substantial follow on orders to refurbish a major portion of their current
inventory. 

We
are also exploring possibilities to adapt some of our products for commercial use in those markets that demonstrate potential for solid
revenue growth, both domestically and internationally. 

Market
Opportunity Commercial 

Our
products are currently sold to military and related government markets. We believe there may be opportunities to commercialize various
products we presently manufacture to address other markets. Our initial focus will be directed in three product areas. 

Big
 Eye Binoculars While the military application we produce is based on mature military designs, we own all castings, tooling
 and glass technology. These large fixed mount binoculars could be sold to cruise ships, personal yachts and cities/municipalities.
 The binoculars are also applicable to fixed, land-based outposts for private commercial security as well as border patrols and regional
 law enforcement. 

Thin
 Film Coatings The acquisition of the Applied Optics Center (AOC) also creates a new sector of opportunity for commercial
 products for us. Globally, commercial optical products use thin film coatings to create product differentiation. These coatings can
 be used for redirecting light (mirrors), blocking light (laser protection), absorbing select light (desired wavelengths), and many
 other combinations. They are used in telescopes, rifle scopes, binoculars, microscopes, range finders, protective eyewear, photography,
 etc. Given this broad potential, the commercial applications are a key opportunity going forward. 

Optical
 Assemblies Through the Applied Optics Center, we are utilizing our experience in military sighting systems to pursue commercial
 opportunities associated with products that incorporate multi-lens optical cell assemblies, bonded optical elements and mechanical
 assemblies. There are a wide variety of products in the medical, machine vision, automotive and outdoor recreation fields that can
 benefit from our capabilities. Support to domestic customers for these type products has driven significant increases in overall
 sales during the last five years. 

Customer
Base 

We
serve customers in four primary categories: as prime defense contractor (Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Land and Maritime, DLA Warren,
DLA Aviation, U.S. Army, Navy and Marine Corps), as defense subcontractor (General Dynamics, L-3 Communications, Elbit Systems, BAE,
Sig Sauer, and ADS Inc.), as a military supplier to foreign governments (Israel, Australia, South America and Canada) and also as a commercial
optical assembly supplier (Nightforce Optics, Cabela s, Amazon). During the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, we derived approximately
86 of our gross business revenue from six major customers: U.S. government agencies (28 ), four major defense contractors, (27 , 11 ,
5 , and 5 ), and one commercial customer (10 ). We have approximately 98 discrete contracts for items that are utilized in vehicles,
optical product lines and as spare parts. Due to the high percentage of prime and subcontracted U.S. defense revenues, large customer
size and the fact that there are multiple contracts with each entity, which are not interdependent, we are of the opinion that this provides
us with a fairly well diversified revenue pool. 

Marketing
Plan 

We
believe we are well positioned to service both U.S. and foreign military needs by our focus on delivering products that satisfy the following
factors important to the U.S. military : 

Product
 reliability failure can cost lives 

Speed
 to delivery and adherence to delivery schedule 

System
 life cycle extension 

13 

Low
 cost/best value 

Visual
 aids for successful execution of mission objectives 

Mission
 critical products specifically related to soldier safety. 

Potential
Entrants Low Risk to us. In order to enter this market, potential competitors must overcome several barriers to entry. The first
hurdle is that an entrant would need to prove to the government agency in question the existence of a government approved accounting
system for larger contracts. Second, the entrant would need to develop the processes required to produce the product. Third, the entrant
would then need to produce the product and submit successful test requirements (many of which require lengthy government consultation
for completion). Finally, in many cases, the customer has an immediate need and therefore cannot wait for this qualification cycle and
therefore must issue the contracts to existing suppliers. Given the expense of development and qualification testing, the barrier to
entry is high for new competitors. 

Buyers
 Medium Risk to us. In most cases the buyers (usually government agencies or defense contractors) have two fairly strong suppliers.
It is in their best interest to keep at least two, and therefore, in some cases, the contracts are split between suppliers. In the case
of larger contracts, the customer can request an open book policy on costs and expects a reasonable margin to have been applied. 

14 

Substitutes
 Low Risk to us. We have both new vehicle contracts and replacement part contracts for the same product. Three combat vehicles
have a long history of service in the U.S. Army. The first M-1 Abrams Tank entered service with the Army in 1980; the M-2/M-3 Bradley
Fighting Vehicle in 1981; and the Stryker Combat Vehicle in 2001. Under current Army modernization plans, the Army envisions all three
vehicles in service with Active and National Guard forces beyond FY2028. Optex Systems provides periscopes and optical sighting systems
in support of all three vehicle platforms. Since the early 2010s, the U.S. Army has been upgrading its outdated Bradley design with the
Operation Desert Storm-Situational Awareness model and since 2012, upgrading the underbelly armor to improve mine and improvised explosive
device resistance. Since it was first fielded in 1980, the Abrams tank has undergone near-continuous upgrades and improvements. The Abrams
is the principal battle tank of the United States Army and Marine Corps, and the armies of Egypt, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and since
2007, Australia. On average, there has been a new improvement package every seven years. The Army is currently upgrading the Abrams with
a System Enhancement Package Version 3 (SEPv3), with additional upgrades in development. Additionally, the US Army has announced contracts
to produce 742 Stryker DVH vehicles, redesigned (dual v-hulled vehicles) to be more resistant to land mines, as retrofits and as new
production vehicles. The Abrams, Bradley and Striker vehicles are the only production tanks currently in production by the government.
We believe that this, in conjunction with the 30-year life span, supports our expectation that they will continue to be used through
2040. 

Suppliers
 Low to Medium Risk to Optex Systems Holdings. The suppliers of standard processes (e.g., casting, machining and plating) need
to be very competitive to gain and/or maintain contracts. Those suppliers of products that use top secret clearance processes have a
slight advantage; however, there continues to be multiple avenues of supply and therefore only moderate power. 

Consistent
with our marketing plan and business model, the AOC acquisition strengthened our overall position by decreasing the bargaining power
of their suppliers through the backwards integration of a key supplier and created additional barriers of entry for potential competitors. 

The
following matrix reflects the current focus of our four basic approaches for sales and development: 

1) 
 Sell
 existing products to existing customers. 

2) 
 Sell
 existing products to new customers. 

3) 
 Develop
 new products to meet the needs of our existing customers. 

4) 
 Develop
 new products to meet the needs of new customers. 

Existing
 Customers 
 
 New
 Customers 

New
 Products 

Chile
 M17 Day/Thermal 

USACC
 Binoculars 
 
 Brazil
 M17 Day/Thermal 

GDLS
 DDAN, OWSS 
 
 Israel
 M17 Day/Thermal, OWSS 
 U.S.
 Prime Contractor - XM10 Aiming Circle 

Commercial
 Optical Lens 
 
 Commercial:
 Optical Lens, Spotting Scopes, Monocular Lens 

Existing
 Products 
 
 USACC
 Periscopes, Back Up Sights, 
 
 Marines
 Sighting Systems 

Binoculars,
 Vision Blocks, 

Laser
 Filter Units 
 
 Commercial:
 Optical Lens, Spotting 

GDLS
 Periscopes, Collimators 
 
 Scopes,
 Monocular Lens 

BAE
 Periscopes 

L3 -
 Laser Interface Filters 
 
 U.S.
 Prime Contractor Laser Filter Units 

DLA
 Optical Elements 

Operations
Plan 

Our
operations plan can be broken down into three distinct areas: material management, manufacturing space planning and efficiencies associated
with economies of scale. 

15 

Materials
Management 

The
largest portion of our costs is materials. We have completed the following activities in order to demonstrate continuous improvement: 

- 
 Successful
 completion of annual surveillance audit for ISO 9001:2008 certificate, with no major nonconformance issues 

- 
 Weekly
 cycle counts on inventory items 

- 
 Weekly
 material review board meeting on non-moving piece parts 

- 
 Kanban
 kitting on products with consistent ship weekly ship quantities 

- 
 Daily
 cross functional floor meetings focused on delivery, yields and labor savings 

- 
 Redesigned
 floor layout using tenant improvement funds 

- 
 Daily
 review of yields and product velocity 

- 
 Bill
 of material reviews prior to work order release 

Future
continuous improvement opportunities include installation and training of shop floor control module within the ERP system and organizational
efficiencies of common procurement techniques among buyers. 

Manufacturing
Space Planning 

We
currently lease 93,967 square feet of manufacturing space (see Properties ). Our current facilities are sufficient to meet
our immediate production needs without excess capacity. As our processes are primarily labor driven, we are able to easily adapt to changes
in customer demand by adjusting headcounts, overtime schedules and shifts in line with production needs. In the event additional floor
space is required to accommodate new contracts, Optex has the option to lease adjacent floor space at the current negotiated lease cost
per square foot. Consistent with the space planning, we will drive economies of scale to reduce support costs on a percentage of sales
basis. These cost reductions can then be either passed through directly to the bottom line or used for business investment. 

Our
manufacturing process is driven by the use of six sigma techniques and process standardization. Initial activities in this area have
been the successful six sigma projects in several production areas which have led to improved output and customer approval on the aesthetics
of the work environment. In addition, we use many tools including 5S programs, six sigma processes, and define, measure, analyze, improve,
control (DMAIC) problem solving techniques to identify bottlenecks within the process flow, reduce cost and improve product yields. Successful
results can then be replicated across the production floor and drive operational improvements. 

Economies
of Scale 

Plant
efficiencies fluctuate as a function of program longevity, complexity and overall production volume. Our internal processes are primarily
direct labor intensive and can be more easily adapted to meet fluctuations in customer demand; however, our material purchases, subcontracted
operations and manufacturing support costs are extremely sensitive to changes in volume. As our volume increases, our support labor,
material and scrap costs decline as a percentage of revenue as we are able to obtain better material pricing, and scrap, start up and
support labor (fixed) costs and they are spread across a higher volume base. On the contrary, as production volumes decline, our labor
and material costs per unit of production generally increase. Additional factors that contribute to economies of scale relate to the
longevity of the program. Long running, less complex programs (e.g., periscopes) do not experience as significant of an impact on labor
costs as production volumes change, as the associated workforce is generally less skilled and can be ramped quickly as headcounts shift.
Our more complex thin laser filter coatings, Howitzer and thermal day/night programs are more significantly impacted by volume changes
as they require a more highly-skilled workforce and ramp time is longer as the training is more complex. We continually monitor customer
demand over a rolling twelve-month window and in order to anticipate any changes in necessary manpower and material which allows us to
capitalize on any benefits associated with increased volume and minimize any negative impact associated with potential declines in product
quantities. 

16 

Intellectual
Property 

We
utilize several highly specialized and unique processes in the manufacture of our products. While we believe that these trade secrets
have value, it is probable that our future success will depend primarily on the innovation, technical expertise, manufacturing and marketing
abilities of our personnel. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or that our
non-disclosure agreements will provide meaningful protection of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event
of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or other disclosure. The confidentiality agreements that are designed to protect our trade
secrets could be breached, and we might not have adequate remedies for the breach. Additionally, our trade secrets and proprietary know-how
might otherwise become known or be independently discovered by others. We possess three utility patents and two design patents. 

Our
competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources, may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for and
obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make and sell some of our products. Although we believe that
our products do not infringe on the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties, we cannot assure you that third parties will
not assert infringement claims against us or that such claims will not be successful. 

The
following patents generally expire 20 years after issuance. 

On
July 13, 2021, we filed for a new patent, currently under review with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 

On
June 18, 2019 we were issued U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298 titled Offset Image Wedge with Dual Capability and Alignment Technique .
The invention relates to an offset image wedge for use on a bore-sighted rifle mounted directly onto the scope via a clamp mounting device.
The wedge allows for a dual image which can be aligned in the field and provides the user with a choice of either a bore-sighted image
or an offset image without removing the wedge. 

On
July 11, 2017, we were issued U.S. Patent No. D791,852 S, for our Red Tail Digital Spotting Scope. We have a retail sales relationship
with Cabela s Inc. and Amazon, to distribute these scopes. They are currently the only digital spotting scope offered by Cabela s.
Our Red Tail Digital Spotting Scopes also received a favorable review from Trigger Magazine in 2017. 

In
May 2015, we announced the issuance to us of U.S. Patent No. 13,792,297 titled ICWS Periscope . This invention improves
previously accepted levels of periscope performance that, in turn, improve soldier s safety. 

In
December 2013, Optex Systems, Inc. was issued U.S. Patent No. 23,357,802 titled Multiple Spectral Single Image Sighting System
Using Single Objective Lens Set. The technology platform, designed for our DDAN program, is applicable to all ground combat vehicles
used by the US and foreign militaries. This invention presents a single image to both day and night sensors using precision optics, which
in turn allows the user to individually observe day, night, or day and night simultaneously. In addition, it has proven to be especially
useful in light transition points experienced at dusk and dawn. We are in production and currently delivering sighting systems with this
advanced technology, a significant upgrade in the goal of supporting our customers as they modernize the worldwide inventory of aging
armored vehicles. This technology is applicable to many sighting systems, and it has already been designed for implementation on the
Light Armored Vehicles, the Armored Security Vehicle, the Amphibious Assault Vehicle, and the M60 Main Battle Tank. Digital Day and Night
technology has advanced the capabilities of these installed weapon systems and is the first in a series of patents we have applied for
to protect our Intellectual Property portfolio in support of the warfighters who use these systems. 

17 

In
May 2012, we purchased a perpetual, non-exclusive license, with a single up-front license fee of 200,000 to use Patent 7,880,792 Optical
and Infrared Periscope with Display Monitor owned by Synergy International Optronics, LLC. We believe the purchase of the license
agreement may allow us to extend and expand our market potential for the M113APC vehicle type which has the highest number of commonly
used armored vehicles in the world. The current estimated active M113 APC worldwide inventory is over 80,000 units. This licensing of
this patent allows us to develop additional products for this vehicle type, including the M17 Day/Thermal and M17 Day/Night periscopes.
We are actively marketing the new periscopes internationally and completed our first international shipment utilizing this technology
in March 2014. We continue to prototype these products and demonstrate them to potential customers. 

Competition 

The
markets for our products are competitive. We compete primarily on the basis of our ability to design and engineer products to meet performance
specifications set by our customers. Our customers include military and government end users as well as prime contractors that purchase
component parts or subassemblies, which they incorporate into their end products. Product pricing, quality, customer support, experience,
reputation and financial stability are also important competitive factors. 

There
are a limited number of competitors in each of the markets for the various types of products that we design, manufacture and sell. At
this time, we consider our primary competitors for the Optex, Richardson site to be Kent Periscopes and Synergy International Optronics,
LLC. The Applied Optics Center thin film and laser coatings products compete primarily with Materion-Barr, Artemis and Alluxa. 

Our
competitors are often well entrenched, particularly in the defense markets. Some of these competitors have substantially greater resources
than we do. While we believe that the quality of our technologies and product offerings provides us with a competitive advantage over
certain manufacturers, some of our competitors have significantly more financial and other resources than we do to spend on the research
and development of their technologies and for funding the construction and operation of commercial scale plants. 

We
expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their products. We cannot assure investors that our competitors
will not develop enhancements to, or future generations of, competitive products that will offer superior price or performance features,
or that new technology or processes will not emerge that render our products less competitive or obsolete. Increased competitive pressure
could lead to lower prices for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Also, competitive pressures may force us to implement new technologies at a substantial cost, and we may not be able to successfully
develop or expend the financial resources necessary to acquire new technology. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
in the future. 

Employees
and Human Capital 

We
had 84 full time equivalent employees as of October 3, 2021 and 87 employees as of December 13, 2021, which include a small temporary
work force to handle peak loads as needed. We are in compliance with local prevailing wage, contractor licensing and insurance regulations,
and have good relations with our employees, who are not currently unionized. We use outside consultants for various services. We have
not experienced any work stoppages and are not a party to a collective bargaining agreement. Management considers labor relations to
be good. 

We
are dedicated to preserving operational excellence and remaining an employer of choice. We provide and maintain a work environment that
is designed to attract, develop and retain top talent through offering our employees an engaging work experience that contributes to
their career development. We recognize that our success is based on the collective talents and dedication of those we employ, and we
are highly invested in their success. We value our employees and believe that employee loyalty and enthusiasm are key elements of our
operating performance. 

Internet
Address 

The
Company maintains an internet website at the following address: www.optexsys.com . The information on the Company s website
is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

18 

Item
1A Risk Factors 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risks described below, together
with all of the other information included or referred to in this Annual Report, before purchasing shares of our common stock. There
are numerous and varied risks, known and unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. The risks described below are not the
only risks we face. If any of these risks actually materializes, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially
adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors in our common stock could lose all
or part of their investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not exclusive and are intended to reflect the material risks
that are specific to us, our industry and companies that have securities trading on an over-the-counter market. 

Risks
Related to our Business 

Low
unemployment and tight labor markets may adversely affect our labor costs and our ability to hire and retain a sufficient workforce required
to meet the backlog and customer demands. If we are not able to maintain a sufficient workforce and attract and retain additional personnel
as required, we may not be able to implement our business plan and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
compete with several other large defense contractors, as well as homebuilding, industrial manufacturing and warehousing industries within
the immediate area of our manufacturing facilities for both lower and higher skill level manufacturing employees. The limited supply
of available workers for hire, combined with increasing competition among other local industries may result in increased production costs
associated with higher wages, employee bonuses, overtime premiums and enhanced employee benefits in addition to cost increases associated
with employee recruitment, employee turnover, training and learning curve inefficiencies. We may be unable to fill the labor positions
required to meet our customer demands in a timely or cost-effective manner which would impede our ability to meet current or increasing
production levels in line with our customer expectations and adversely affect our ability to grow revenue or maintain our current margin
levels. 

Our
ability to fulfill our backlog may have an effect on our long-term ability to procure contracts and fulfill current contracts. 

Our
ability to fulfill our backlog may be limited by our ability to devote sufficient financial and human capital resources and limited by
available material supplies. Disruptions in our supply chain driven by Covid-19, transportation delays, combined with inflationary pressures
and tight labor market conditions could impede our ability to meet customer requirements. If we do not fulfill our backlog in a timely
manner, we may experience delays in product delivery which would postpone receipt of revenue from those delayed deliveries. Additionally,
if we are consistently unable to fulfill our backlog, this may be a disincentive to customers to award large contracts to us in the future
until they are comfortable that we can effectively manage our backlog. 

Our
historical operations depend on government contracts and subcontracts. We face risks related to contracting with the federal government,
including federal budget issues and fixed price contracts. 

Future
general political and economic conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, may directly and indirectly affect the quantity and
allocation of expenditures by federal agencies. Even the timing of incremental funding commitments to existing, but partially funded,
contracts can be affected by these factors. Therefore, cutbacks or re-allocations in the federal budget could have a material adverse
impact on our results of operations. Obtaining government contracts may also involve long purchase and payment cycles, competitive bidding,
qualification requirements, delays or changes in funding, budgetary constraints, political agendas, extensive specification development,
price negotiations and milestone requirements. In addition, our government contracts are primarily fixed price contracts, which may prevent
us from recovering costs incurred in excess of budgeted costs. Fixed price contracts require us to estimate the total project cost based
on preliminary projections of the project s requirements. The financial viability of any given project depends in large part on
our ability to estimate such costs accurately and complete the project on a timely basis. Some of those contracts are for products that
are new to our business and are thus subject to unanticipated impacts to manufacturing costs. Even if our estimates are reasonable at
the time made, prices of materials are subject to unanticipated adverse fluctuation. In the event our actual costs exceed fixed contractual
costs of our product contracts, we will not be able to recover the excess costs which could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. We examine these contracts on a regular basis and accrue for anticipated losses on these contracts, if necessary.
As of October 3, 2021, there was 51 thousand in accrued loss provisions for loss contracts or cost overruns. 

19 

Approximately
83 of our contracts contain termination clauses for convenience. In the event these clauses should be invoked by our customer, future
revenues against these contracts could be affected, however these clauses allow for a full recovery of any incurred contract costs plus
a reasonable fee up through and as a result of the contract termination. We are currently unaware of any pending terminations on our
existing contracts. 

In
some cases, contract awards may be issued that are subject to renegotiation at a date (up to 180 days) subsequent to the initial award
date. Generally, these subsequent negotiations have had an immaterial impact (zero to 5 on the contract price of the affected contracts.
Currently, none of our awarded contracts are subject to renegotiation. 

We
have sought to minimize the adverse impact from the slower pace of U.S. military orders on our results of operations by seeking to obtain
foreign military orders, expanding our customer base as well as seeking new commercial business. We do not expect these markets to completely
mitigate the negative impact of lower U.S. defense spending. 

If
we fail to scale our operations appropriately in response changes in demand, we may be unable to meet competitive challenges or exploit
potential market opportunities, and our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Significant
fluctuations in customer demand place a significant strain on our management personnel, infrastructure and resources. To implement our
current business and product plans, we need to appropriately manage our cost base, as well as train, manage and motivate our workforce,
while continuing to maintain our critical operational and financial systems and our manufacturing and service capabilities. All of these
endeavors require substantial management effort and potential capital. If we are unable to effectively manage our operations to our customer
demand levels, we may be unable to scale our business quickly enough to meet competitive challenges or exploit potential market opportunities,
and our current or future business could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
do not have employment agreements with our key personnel, other than our Chief Executive and Financial Officers, and our management has
minimal unencumbered equity ownership in us. If we are not able to retain our key personnel or attract additional key personnel as required,
we may not be able to implement our business plan and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
depend to a large extent on the abilities and continued participation of our executive officers and other key employees. The loss of
any key employee could have a material adverse effect on our business. We currently have only two employment agreements, with our Chief
Executive Officer which renews on an annual basis and currently expires on November 30, 2022, and our Chief Financial Officer which expires
on June 30, 2022, with renewable terms each 18 months thereafter. We do not presently maintain key man insurance on any
other key employees. Our management also has minimal unencumbered ownership interest in us, thus limiting their direct stake in our outcome.
We believe that experienced personnel will continue to be required to implement our business plan. Competition for such personnel is
intense, and we cannot assure you that they will be available when required, or that we will have the ability to attract and retain them.
In addition, due to our small size, we do not presently have depth of staffing in our executive, operational and financial management
areas in order to have an effective succession plan should the need arise. Thus, in the event of the loss of one or more of our management
employees, our results of operations could be vulnerable to challenges associated with recruiting additional key personnel, if such recruiting
efforts are not successful in a timely manner. 

Certain
of our products are dependent on specialized sources of supply potentially subject to disruption which could have a material, adverse
impact on our business. 

We
expect recent supply chain disruptions driven by the pandemic, combined with raw material shortages, labor shortages, transportation
delays and inflationary pressures, to continue throughout 2022. These conditions have strained our suppliers and extended supplier delivery
lead times, affecting their ability to sustain operations. We anticipate market wide material shortages for paint and resin products
as well as critical epoxies and chemicals used in our manufacturing process. In addition, we are seeing substantial increases in the
costs of aluminum, steel and acrylic commodities. 

20 

We
have selectively single-sourced some of our material components in order to mitigate excess procurement costs associated with significant
tooling and startup costs. Furthermore, because of the nature of government contracts, we are often required to purchase selected items
from U.S. government approved suppliers, which may further limit our ability to utilize multiple supply sources for these key components. 

To
the extent any of these single sourced or government approved suppliers may have disruptions in deliveries due to production, quality,
or other issues, we may also experience related production delays or unfavorable cost increases associated with retooling and qualifying
alternate suppliers. The impact of delays resulting from disruptions in supply for these items could negatively impact our revenue, our
reputation with our customers, and our results of operations. In addition, significant price increases from single-source suppliers could
have a negative impact on our profitability to the extent that we are unable to recover these cost increases on our fixed price contracts. 

Each
contract has a specific quantity of material which needs to be purchased, assembled, and shipped. Prior to bidding on a contract,
we contact potential sources of material and receive qualified quotations for this material. In some cases, the entire volume is given
to a single supplier and in other cases; the volume might be split between several suppliers. If a contract has a single source supplier
and that supplier fails to meet their obligations (e.g., quality, delivery), then we would seek to find an alternate supplier and bring
this information back to the final customer. Contractual deliverables would then generally be re-negotiated (e.g., specifications, delivery,
price. As of November 22, 2021, approximately 1 of our material requirements are single-sourced across 9 suppliers representing approximately
8 of our active supplier order value. Single-sourced component requirements span across all of our major product lines. 

We
consider it a material financial or schedule risk if we believe it will take us at least three months to identify and qualify a suitable
replacement for specialized single source suppliers. In the table below, we identify those specialized single source suppliers with respect
to which we face such a material risk and the product lines supported by those materials utilized by us as of November 22, 2021. 

Product
 Line 
 
 Supply
 Item 
 
 Risk 
 
 Purchase
 Orders 

Sighting
 Systems M36 DDAN 
 
 Digital
 camera system 
 
 Alternative
 source would take in excess of six months to qualify 
 
 This
 supplier is the designated replacement for Raytheon for the video system boards. One P.O. is currently in place to drive the transfer
 from Raytheon. 

Periscopes 
 
 Die-cast
 housings 
 
 All
 die cast tooling is consolidated at this supplier. It would take approximately six months to move tooling and re-qualify a new supplier. 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. Supplier is
 on schedule. 

Periscopes 
 
 Steel
 castings 
 
 Alternative
 supplier source would take six months to qualify. 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. 

Vision
 Blocks 
 
 MIL
 Spec welded housings for vision blocks 
 
 Would
 take approximately 8-10 months to re-qualify a new supplier source. 
 
 Currently
 on Last Time Buy with current supplier vendor and trying to qualify a new vendor 

Vision
 Blocks 
 
 Large/Small/Customs
 Blocks 
 
 Would
 take approximately 4-6 months to re-qualify a new supplier source. 
 
 Currently
 working with single source for purchasing material on a forecast projection basis 

MRS 
 
 AL
 Castings for Housing 
 
 Would
 take approximately 8-12 months to re-qualify a new supplier source. 
 
 Currently,
 ordering for a single source, new casting tool and FAT will be required to qulify a new source 

Short/Long
 Drivers 
 
 Mirrors 
 
 Would
 take approximately 8-12 months to re-qualify a new supplier source. 
 
 Currently
 working with single source for purchasing material on a forecast projection basis 

Big
 Eye 
 
 Sand
 castings for big eye binocular parts 
 
 Would
 take approximately 4-6 months to re-qualify a new supplier source 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. 

Applied
 Optics Center 
 M22/M24
 Binocular 
 
 Spare
 Components 
 
 Only
 approved source due to proprietary rights. Alternate source cannot be developed. 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price and quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. Supplier is on
 schedule. 

21 

The
defense technology supply industry is subject to technological change and if we are not able to keep up with our competitors and/or they
develop advanced technology as response to our products, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. 

The
market for our products is generally characterized by technological developments, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements,
frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short product life cycles and severe price competition. Our competitors could also
develop new, more advanced technologies in reaction to our products. Currently accepted industry standards may change. Our success depends
substantially on our ability, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to continue to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce
new products that take advantage of technological advances and adhere to evolving industry standards. An unexpected change in one or
more of the technologies related to our products, in market demand for products based on a particular technology or of accepted industry
standards could materially and adversely affect our business. We may or may not be able to develop new products in a timely and satisfactory
manner to address new industry standards and technological changes, or to respond to new product announcements by others. In addition,
new products may or may not achieve market acceptance. 

Unexpected
warranty and product liability claims could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The
possibility of future product failures could cause us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective products. We warrant
the quality of our products to meet customer requirements and be free of defects for twelve months subsequent to delivery. We establish
reserves for warranty claims based on our historical rate of returned shipments against these contracts. There can be no assurance that
this reserve will be sufficient if we were to experience an unexpectedly high incidence of problems with our products. Significant increases
in the incidence of such claims may adversely affect our sales and our reputation with consumers. Costs associated with warranty and
product liability claims could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or
other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We
rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Similar to
other companies, the size and complexity of our information technology systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion,
breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment
of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes
in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards. 

On
July 13, 2021, we experienced a ransomware attack. While we do not expect that attack to have material adverse consequences, similar
attacks, if not caught and effectively addressed in a timely manner, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Any
failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions
or other breaches, could result in the unauthorized access to personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or
other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. Any
of these events may cause us to have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, be subject to legal claims and liability,
have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of
a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We
may face risks as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 

We
may be at risk as a result of the current COVID-19 pandemic. Risks that could affect our business include the duration and scope of the
COVID-19 pandemic and the impact on the demand for our products; actions by governments, businesses and individuals taken in response
to the pandemic; the length of time of the COVID-19 pandemic and the possibility of its reoccurrence; the timing required to develop
and implement effective treatments and achieve acceptable vaccination rates in the event of future outbreaks; the eventual impact of
the pandemic and actions taken in response to the pandemic on global and regional economies; and the pace of recovery when the COVID-19
pandemic subsides. 

22 

The
pandemic has caused several program delays throughout the defense supply chain as a result of plant shutdowns, employee illnesses, travel
restrictions, remote work arrangements and similar supplier issues. Due to the significant level of uncertainty surrounding the pandemic
and its impact to our customers and the defense supply chain, we are unable to ascertain the impact further delays in contract awards
and customer orders may have on our fiscal year 2022 revenues. 

We
derive almost all of our revenue from a small number of customers and the loss of any of these customers could have a material adverse
effect on our revenues. 

For
the year ended October 3, 2021, the Company s consolidated revenues were derived from U.S. government agencies (28 ), four U.S.
defense contractors (27 , 11 , 5 , and 5 ), one major commercial customer (10 and all other customers (14 ). Approximately 90 of total
Company revenue is generated from domestic customers and 10 is derived from foreign customers, primarily Canada. In particular, a decision
by one of our major defense contract customers, U.S. government agencies, or major commercial customers to cease issuing contracts to
us could have a significant material impact on our business and results of operations given that they represent over 86 of our gross
business revenue. There can be no assurance that we could replace these customers on a timely basis or at all. 

We
have approximately 81 discrete contracts with major defense contractors and the U.S. Government (primarily Defense Logistics Agencies
(DLA)), and other prime U.S. defense contractors. If they choose to terminate these contracts, we are entitled to fully recover all contractual
costs and reasonable profits incurred up to or as a result of the terminated contract. 

We
only possess five patents and rely primarily on trade secrets to protect our intellectual property. 

We
utilize several highly specialized and unique processes in the manufacture of our products, for which we rely solely on trade secrets
to protect our innovations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or that our
non-disclosure agreements will provide meaningful protection of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event
of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or other disclosure. The non-disclosure agreements that are designed to protect our trade secrets
could be breached, and we might not have adequate remedies for the breach. 

It
is also possible that our trade secrets will otherwise become known or independently developed by our competitors, many of which have
substantially greater resources than us, and these competitors may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for or obtain,
patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make and sell some of our products. Although based upon our general
knowledge (and we have not conducted patent searches), we believe that our products do not infringe on the patents or other proprietary
rights of third parties; however, we cannot assure you that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us or that such
claims will not be successful. 

We
anticipate that we may need to raise additional capital in the future beyond any cash flow from our existing business; additional funds
may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. 

We
anticipate we may have to raise additional capital in the future to finance our future working capital needs. We cannot assure you that
any additional capital will be available on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. Future equity or debt financings may be difficult
to obtain. If we are not able to obtain additional capital as may be required, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
anticipate that our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

our
 ability to fulfill backlog; 

our
 ability to procure additional production contracts; 

23 

our
 ability to control costs; 

the
 timing of payments and reimbursements from government and other contracts, including but not limited to changes in federal government
 military spending and the federal government procurement process; 

increased
 sales and marketing expenses; 

technological
 advancements and competitors response to our products; 

capital
 improvements to new and existing facilities; 

our
 relationships with customers and suppliers; and 

general
 economic conditions including the effects of future economic slowdowns, acts of war or terrorism and the current international conflicts. 

Even
if available, financings may involve significant costs and expenses, such as legal and accounting fees, diversion of management s
time and efforts, and substantial transaction costs. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable
to finance our operations, develop or enhance our products, expand our sales and marketing programs, take advantage of future opportunities
or respond to competitive pressures. 

Risks
Related to Our Stock 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on an Over-The-Counter Market, which affects the liquidity of our common stock and may affect its stock
price. 

Our
common stock is quoted on OTCQB under the trading symbol OPXS . Trading in our common stock has been very limited and we
cannot make any assurances that the trading volume will increase, or, if and when it increases, that it will be sustained at any level.
Over-the-counter markets are generally considered to be less efficient than, and not as broad as, a stock exchange. 

Our
share price could decrease as a result of this limited liquidity or otherwise, and our share price is likely to be highly volatile. Specifically,
stockholders may have difficulties reselling significant numbers of shares of common stock at any particular time, and may not be able
to resell their shares of common stock at or above the price paid for such shares. As a result, stockholders may be required to hold
shares of common stock for an indefinite period of time. In addition, sales of substantial amounts of common stock could lower the prevailing
market price of our common stock. 

Furthermore,
our ability to raise additional capital is impaired because of the less liquid nature of the over-the-counter markets. We may not be
able to complete an equity financing on acceptable terms, or at all. In that context, investors should consider that not having the common
stock listed on a national securities exchange makes us ineligible to use shorter and less costly filings, such as Form S-3, to register
our securities for sale. While we may use Form S-1 to register a sale of our stock to raise capital or complete acquisitions, doing so
would cause us to incur higher transaction costs and adversely impact our ability to raise capital or complete acquisitions of other
companies in a timely manner. In addition, if we are able to complete equity financings, the dilution from any equity financing while
our shares are quoted on an over-the-counter market could be greater than if we were to complete a financing while our common stock were
listed on a national securities exchange. 

Finally,
if we cease to qualify for quotation on OTCQB, our common stock may be forced to trade on the pink sheets, and the market
for resale of our common stock would be extremely limited. In that case, holders of our common stock may find it more difficult to dispose
of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of, our common stock, and the market value of our common stock may decline
as a result. 

24 

We
are subject to penny stock rules, which discourages broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock. 

The
SEC has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stock that restricts transactions involving our shares of common stock.
Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. These rules may have
the effect of reducing the liquidity of penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exclusions. As long as we are not listed on a securities exchange or Nasdaq, our shares of common
stock constitute penny stock within the meaning of the rules. The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements
imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers in connection with effecting transactions in penny stocks may discourage such broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of such shares and impede
their sale in the secondary market. 

A
U.S. broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor must make a
special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to
sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. In addition, the penny stock regulations require the U.S. broker-dealer
to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared in accordance with SEC standards relating
to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A U.S. broker-dealer is also required to
disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally,
a U.S. broker-dealer is required to submit monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect to the penny stock held
in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

Furthermore,
transfers of our common stock may require broker-dealers to submit notice filings and pay fees in certain states, which may discourage
broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock. 

You
should also be aware that, according to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and
abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the
promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases;
(iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales
persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of
the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, resulting in investor losses. 

General
Risk Factors 

Changes
in current economic conditions may adversely affect our ability to continue operations. 

Changes
in current economic conditions may cause a decline in business, consumer and defense spending and capital market performance, which could
adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our ability to raise funds, which could be required for business continuity
or expansion of our operations, may be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, such as a reduction in the availability
of credit, financial market volatility and economic recession. 

25 

In
the future, we may look to acquire other businesses in our industry and the acquisitions will require us to use substantial resources. 

In
the future, we may decide to pursue acquisitions of other businesses in our industry. In order to successfully acquire other businesses,
we would be forced to spend significant resources for both acquisition and transactional costs, which could divert substantial resources
in terms of both financial and personnel capital from our current operations. Additionally, we might assume liabilities of the acquired
business, and the repayment of those liabilities could have a material adverse impact on our cash flow. Furthermore, when a new business
is integrated into our ongoing business, it is possible that there would be a period of integration and adjustment required which could
divert resources from ongoing business operations. 

The
elimination of monetary liability against our directors, officers and employees under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification
rights to our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our
directors, officers and employees . 

We
provide indemnification to our directors and officers to the extent provided by Delaware law. The foregoing indemnification obligation
could result in our incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers,
which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against directors
and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders
against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

Our
stock price is speculative, and there is a risk of litigation. 

The
trading price of our common stock has in the past and may in the future be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as
the following: 

revenue
 or results of operations in any quarter failing to meet the expectations, published or otherwise, of the investment community; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

wide
 fluctuations in stock prices, particularly with respect to the stock prices for other defense industry companies; 

announcements
 of technological innovations by us or our competitors; 

new
 products or the acquisition of significant customers by us or our competitors; 

changes
 in investors beliefs as to the appropriate price-earnings ratios for us and our competitors; 

changes
 in management; 

sales
 of common stock by directors and executive officers; 

rumors
 or dissemination of false or misleading information, particularly through Internet chat rooms, instant messaging, and other rapid-dissemination
 methods; 

conditions
 and trends in the defense industry generally; 

the
 announcement of acquisitions or other significant transactions by us or our competitors; 

adoption
 of new accounting standards affecting our industry; 

general
 market conditions; 

domestic
 or international terrorism and other factors; and 

other
 factors as described in this section. 

26 

Fluctuations
in the price of our common stock may expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits. Although no such lawsuits are currently
pending against us and we are not aware that any such lawsuit is threatened to be filed in the future, there is no assurance that we
will not be sued based on fluctuations in the price of our common stock. Defending against such suits could result in substantial cost
and divert management s attention and resources. In addition, any settlement or adverse determination of such lawsuits could subject
us to significant liability. 

Item
2 Properties 

We
are headquartered in Richardson, TX and lease approximately 93,967 combined square feet of facilities between Richardson, Texas and Dallas,
Texas. We operate with a single shift, and capacity could be expanded by adding a second shift. 

We
renewed the lease on our 49,100 square foot, Richardson, Texas facility, effective as of January 11, 2021, for eighty-six (86) months,
commencing on April 1, 2021 and ending on May 31, 2028. Our Applied Optics Center, is located in Dallas, Texas with leased premises consisting
of approximately 44,867 square feet of space. The Applied Optics Center lease was renewed on January 11, 2021 for eighty-six (86) months,
commencing on November 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2028. The Applied Optics Center amendment provides for a five-year renewal
option at the end of the lease term at the greater of the then prevailing rental rate or the then current base rent rate. 

Item
3 Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including pending opposition proceedings involving
patents that arise in the ordinary course of business. There are no matters pending that we expect to have a material adverse impact
on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
4 Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace under the symbol OPXS . Trading in our common stock has historically
lacked consistent volume, and the market price has been volatile. Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

On
December 13, 2021, the closing price for our common stock as reported on the OTCQB was 1.89 per share. 

Securities
outstanding and holders of record 

On
December 13, 2021, there were approximately 80 shareholders of record for our common stock and 8,523,704 shares of our common stock issued
and 8,462,310 common shares outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have in the past paid dividends but we have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. 

27 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

On
January 2, 2021, the Company issued 58,392 common shares to directors and officers, net of tax withholding of 44 thousand, in settlement
of 83,000 restricted stock units which vested on January 1, 2021. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded
by Rule 506(b) under the Securities Act as an issuance to accredited investors. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
table below sets forth information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser 
(as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of its common shares during the three months ended October 3, 2021. 

Period 
 Total number of shares purchased 
 Total purchase cost 
 Average price paid per share (with commission) 
 Maximum dollar value that may yet be purchased under the plan (1) 
 
 September 23, 2021 to October 3, 2021 
 35,555 
 68,546 
 1.93 
 931,454 

(1) 
 On
 September 22, 2021 the Company announced authorization for an additional 1 million stock repurchase program. As of October 3, 2021,
 there were 35,555 shares held in treasury purchased under the September 2021 stock repurchase program. The shares authorized to be
 repurchased under the repurchase program may be purchased from time to time at prevailing market prices, through open market or in
 negotiated transactions, depending upon market conditions and subject to Rule 10b-18 as promulgated by the SEC. 

Item
6. Reserved 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes that are set forth
in our financial statements elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

This
management s discussion and analysis reflects information known to management as of our fiscal year end, October 3, 2021, and the
date of filing. This MD A is intended to supplement and complement our audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year
ended October 3, 2021, prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). You are encouraged to read our
financial statements in conjunction with this MD A. The financial information in this MD A has been prepared in accordance with
GAAP, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, we use non-GAAP financial measures as supplemental indicators of our operating performance
and financial position. We use these non-GAAP financial measures internally for comparing actual results from one period to another,
as well as for planning purposes. We will also report non-GAAP financial results as supplemental information, as we believe their use
provides more insight into our performance. When a non-GAAP measure is used in this MD A, it is clearly identified as a non-GAAP
measures and reconciled to the most closely corresponding GAAP measure. 

The
following discussion highlights the principal factors that have affected our financial condition and results of operations as well as
our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please see Special
cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements and Risk factors for a discussion of the uncertainties,
risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements. The operating results for the periods presented were not significantly
affected by inflation. 

28 

All
references in the following section to 2020 or 2021 with respect to our financial position and results of operations are to our fiscal
years ended September 27, 2020 or October 3, 2021, respectively. 

Background 

Optex
Systems, Inc. manufactures optical sighting systems and assemblies, primarily for Department of Defense applications. Its products are
installed on various types of U.S. military land vehicles, such as the Abrams and Bradley fighting vehicles, light armored and armored
security vehicles and have been selected for installation on the Stryker family of vehicles. Optex Systems, Inc. (Delaware) also manufactures
and delivers numerous periscope configurations, rifle and surveillance sights and night vision optical assemblies. Optex Systems, Inc.
(Delaware) products consist primarily of build-to-customer print products that are delivered both directly to the armed services and
to other defense prime contractors. Less than 1 of our revenue is related to the resale of products substantially manufactured by others.
In this case, the product would likely be a simple replacement part of a larger system previously produced by Optex Systems, Inc. (Delaware). 

We
are both a prime and sub-prime contractor to the Department of Defense. Sub-prime contracts are typically issued through major defense
contractors such as General Dynamics Land Systems, Raytheon Corp., BAE, ADS Inc. and others. We are also a military supplier to foreign
governments such as Israel, Australia and NAMSA and South American countries and as a subcontractor for several large U.S. defense companies
serving foreign governments. 

By
way of background, the Federal Acquisition Regulation is the principal set of regulations that govern the acquisition process of government
agencies and contracts with the U.S. government. In general, parts of the Federal Acquisition Regulation are incorporated into government
solicitations and contracts by reference as terms and conditions effecting contract awards and pricing solicitations . 

Many
of our contracts are prime or subcontracted directly with the Federal government and, as such, are subject to Federal Acquisition Regulation
Subpart 49.5, Contract Termination Clauses and more specifically Federal Acquisition Regulation clauses 52.249-2 Termination
for Convenience of the Government Fixed-Price) , and 49.504 Termination of fixed-price contracts for default . These
clauses are standard clauses on our prime military contracts and generally apply to us as subcontractors. It has been our experience
that the termination for convenience is rarely invoked, except where it is mutually beneficial for both parties. We are currently not
aware of any pending terminations for convenience or for default on our existing contracts. 

In
the event a termination for convenience were to occur, Federal Acquisition Regulation clause 52.249-2 provides for full recovery of all
contractual costs and profits reasonably occurred up to and as a result of the terminated contract. In the event a termination for default
were to occur, we could be liable for any excess cost incurred by the government to acquire supplies from another supplier similar to
those terminated from us. We would not be liable for any excess costs if the failure to perform the contract arises from causes beyond
the control and without the fault or negligence of the company as defined by Federal Acquisition Regulation clause 52.249-8. 

In
addition, some of our contracts allow for government contract financing in the form of contract progress payments pursuant to Federal
Acquisition Regulation 52.232-16, Progress Payments . Subject to certain limitations, this clause provides for government
payment of up to 90 of incurred program costs prior to product delivery for small businesses like us. To the extent our contracts allow
for progress payments, we intend to utilize this benefit, thereby minimizing the working capital impact on Optex Systems Holdings for
materials and labor required to complete the contracts. 

Recent
Developments and Material Trends 

Refer
to Item 1. Business Market Opportunity: U.S. Military for a description of current trends in U.S. government
military spending and its potential impact on Optex, which may be material, including particularly the tables included in that section,
all of which is incorporated herein by reference. 

29 

Refer
to Item 1.A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business - Certain of our products are dependent on specialized sources of
supply potentially subject to disruption which could have a material, adverse impact on our business for a description of
recent supply chain disruptions, which have strained our suppliers and extended supplier delivery lead times, affecting their ability
to sustain operations. We anticipate market wide material shortages for paint and resin products as well as critical epoxies and chemicals
used in our manufacturing process. In addition, we are seeing substantial increases in the costs of aluminum, steel and acrylic commodities. 

Refer
to Item 1. Business Recent Events of this report for updated information on new orders, board changes, executive
and board compensation and stock and warrant repurchases. 

Results
of Operations 

Segment
Information 

We
have presented the operating results by segment to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate our operating results. Management
of Optex Systems Holdings uses the selected financial measures by segment internally to evaluate its ongoing segment operations and to
allocate resources within the organization accordingly. Segments are determined based on differences in products, location, internal
reporting and how operational decisions are made. Management has determined that the Optex Systems, Richardson plant (to which we refer
below as the Optex Systems segment or Optex Systems), and the Applied Optics Center, Dallas plant, which was acquired on November 3,
2014 (to which we refer below as the Applied Optics Center segment or Applied Optics Center), are separately managed, organized, and
internally reported as separate business segments. The table below provides a summary of selective statement of operations data by operating
segment for the years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020 reconciled to the Audited Consolidated Results of Operations as presented
in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Results
of Operations Selective Financial Info 

 (Thousands) 

Twelve months ended 

October 3, 2021 
 September 27, 2020 

Optex Richardson 
 Applied Optics Center Dallas 
 Other 
(non-allocated costs and eliminations) 
 Consolidated 
 Optex Richardson 
 Applied Optics Center Dallas 
 Other 
(non-allocated costs and eliminations) 
 Consolidated 

Revenue from External Customers 
 11,827 
 6,395 
 - 
 18,222 
 17,233 
 8,657 
 - 
 25,890 
 
 Intersegment Revenues 
 - 
 1,056 
 (1,056 
 - 
 - 
 1,689 
 (1,689 
 - 
 
 Total Segment Revenue 
 11,827 
 7,451 
 (1,056 
 18,222 
 17,233 
 10,346 
 (1,689 
 25,890 

Total Cost of Sales 
 9,934 
 6,824 
 (1,056 
 15,702 
 13,517 
 7,974 
 (1,689 
 19,802 

Gross Margin 
 1,893 
 627 
 - 
 2,520 
 3,716 
 2,372 
 - 
 6,088 
 
 Gross Margin 
 16.0 
 8.4 
 - 
 13.8 
 21.6 
 22.9 
 - 
 23.5 

General and Administrative Expense 
 2,319 
 467 
 228 
 3,014 
 2,439 
 569 
 197 
 3,205 
 
 Segment Allocated G A Expense 
 (677 
 677 
 - 
 - 
 (673 
 673 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net General Administrative Expense 
 1,642 
 1,144 
 228 
 3,014 
 1,766 
 1,242 
 197 
 3,205 

Operating Income (Loss) 
 251 
 (517 
 (228 
 (494 
 1,950 
 1,130 
 (197 
 2,883 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 2.1 
 (6.9 
 - 
 (2.7 
 11.3 
 10.9 
 - 
 11.1 

Gain (Loss) on Change in Fair Value of Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 2,535 
 2,535 
 - 
 - 
 (508 
 (508 
 
 Interest Expense 
 - 
 - 
 (11 
 (11 
 - 
 - 
 (19 
 (19 

Income (Loss) before taxes 
 251 
 (517 
 2,296 
 2,030 
 1,950 
 1,130 
 (724 
 2,356 
 
 Income (loss) before taxes 
 2.1 
 (6.9 
 - 
 11.1 
 11.3 
 10.9 
 - 
 9.1 

Our
total external sales revenues decreased by 7.7 million in 2021, or 29.6 compared to 2020 revenue levels. The Optex Systems segment
realized a 5.4 million decrease and the Applied Optics Center segment realized a decrease of 2.3 million in external revenue compared
to the prior year period. Intersegment revenues decreased by 0.6 million to 1.1 million in 2021 from 1.7 million in 2020. Intersegment
revenues relate primarily to coated filters provided by the Applied Optics Center to Optex Systems in support of the Optex Systems periscope
line. 

30 

Gross
margin decreased 3.6 million and the gross margin percentage decreased by 9.7 points from 23.5 in 2020 to 13.8 in 2021. The Optex
Systems gross margin decreased by 1.8 million in 2021 compared to 2020 and the gross margin percentage decreased to 16.0 in 2021 as
compared to a gross margin percentage of 21.6 in 2020. The Applied Optics Center gross margin decreased by 1.7 million and the gross
margin percentage decreased by 14.5 points from 22.9 in 2020 to 8.4 in 2021. The erosion in the gross margin percentage between years
is primarily driven by lower revenue across both segments, changes in product mix toward less profitable product groups, and unfavorable
manufacturing overhead adjustments on reduced production volume. 

During
the years ended 2021 and 2020, Applied Optics Center absorbed 0.7 million of fixed general and administrative costs incurred by Optex
Systems for support services. These expenses cover accounting, executive, human resources, information technology, board fees and other
corporate expenses paid by Optex Systems and shared across both operating segments. 

Operating
income decreased by 3.4 million, in 2021 to a loss of (0.5) million, as compared to the prior year operating income of 2.9 million.
The decrease in operating income is primarily attributable to lower revenue and lower gross margin during the year partially offset by
slightly lower general and administrative costs of 0.2 million as compared to the prior year. 

Income
before taxes decreased 0.3 million, to 2.0 million in 2021 from a prior year income before taxes of 2.4 million. The decrease in income
before taxes year over year is primarily due to decreased operating income of 3.4 million, offset by an increase in income for non-cash
related changes to the fair value of warrants of 3.0 million. 

Backlog 

Backlog
as of October 3, 2021 was 27.3 million as compared to a backlog of 16.3 million as of September 27, 2020, representing an increase
of 67.5 . The following table depicts the current expected delivery by quarter of all contracts awarded as of October 3, 2021. The increased
backlog was primarily within our Applied Optics Center segment. 

(Millions) 

Product Line 
 Q1 2022 
 Q2 2022 
 Q3 2022 
 Q4 2022 
 2022 Delivery 
 2023+ Delivery 
 Total Backlog 10/3/2021 
 Total Backlog 9/27/2020 
 Variance 
 Chg 
 
 Periscopes 
 1.0 
 0.9 
 1.8 
 0.7 
 4.4 
 1.2 
 5.6 
 5.3 
 0.3 
 5.7 
 
 Sighting Systems 
 0.3 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 0.6 
 1.1 
 1.7 
 2.9 
 (1.2 
 (41.4 
 
 Howitzer 
 - 
 - 
 0.1 
 0.2 
 0.3 
 2.0 
 2.3 
 2.5 
 (0.2 
 (8.0 
 
 Other 
 0.4 
 0.5 
 0.1 
 0.2 
 1.1 
 0.3 
 1.4 
 2.5 
 (1.1 
 (44.0 
 
 Optex Systems - Richardson 
 1.7 
 1.5 
 2.1 
 1.2 
 6.4 
 4.6 
 11.0 
 13.2 
 (2.2 
 (16.7 
 
 Applied Optics Center - Dallas 
 2.4 
 3.1 
 2.5 
 2.8 
 10.9 
 5.4 
 16.3 
 3.1 
 13.2 
 425.8 
 
 Total Backlog 
 4.1 
 4.6 
 4.6 
 4.0 
 17.3 
 10.0 
 27.3 
 16.3 
 11.0 
 67.5 

During
fiscal year 2021, Optex Systems Holdings received new orders totaling 29.2 million, a 65.9 increase, as compared to new orders of 17.6
million during the prior year. The 2021 orders consist of 7.6 million in support of our periscope product line, 19.6 million attributable
to the Applied Optics Center and 1.2 million attributable to sighting systems and support, and 0.8 million in other products. 

During
the eighteen months through October 3, 2021, we experienced a reduction in new orders and ending customer backlog in our Optex Richardson
segment. We attribute the lower orders to a combination of factors including a COVID-19 driven slow-down of contract awards for both
U.S. military sales and foreign military sales (FMS), primarily during the second half of fiscal year 2020, combined with significant
shifting in defense spending budget allocations in US military sales and FMS away from Army ground system vehicles toward other military
agency applications. In addition, the pandemic has caused several program delays throughout the defense supply chain as a result of plant
shutdowns, employee illnesses, travel restrictions, remote work arrangements and similar supplier chain issues. Our Applied Optics Center
segment experienced a significant decline in orders during the second half of fiscal year 2020, however during the last twelve months,
the segment has seen a sizable increase in new orders as a result of increased military spending in Army infantry optical equipment and
an increased customer base. 

31 

Optex
Systems - Richardson: 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, backlog for our Optex Richardson segment decreased by 16.7 , or 2.2 million to 11.0 million,
as compared to the prior year ending backlog of 13.2 million. 

Backlog
for our periscope product line has increased 5.7 or 0.3 million to 5.6 million, from our 2020 fiscal year end level of 5.3 million.
Our total periscope contract awards for fiscal 2021 totaled 7.6 million as compared to 6.2 million in the fiscal year 2020, an increase
of 1.4 million, or 22.6 from the prior year. 

Sighting
Systems backlog decreased by 1.2 million or 41.4 from 2.9 million in fiscal year 2020 to 1.7 million as of the end of fiscal year
2021. The decrease in backlog is primarily attributable shipments against several of our long running Commander Weapon Sighting Systems
 CWSS , Digital Day and Night Sighting Systems DDAN contracts awarded during the prior years. During 2021,
we booked 1.2 million in new orders, an increase of 0.2 million from the prior year orders of 1.0 million. 

Howitzer
backlog decreased by 0.2 million, or 8.0 , from 2.5 million to 2.3 million, on shipments against our Aiming Circle XM10 contract for
optical assemblies which was awarded in fiscal year 2020. During the year, there were no new orders for howitzer assemblies as compared
to 2.3 million in the prior year. 

Our
backlog in other product groups decreased by 1.1 million or 44.0 from 2.5 million in 2020 to 1.4 million in 2021 on shipments against
our long running Muzzle Reference Sensor Collimator Assembly MRS contracts. During 2021, we booked new orders of 0.8 million
as compared to the prior year orders of 2.7 million. 

The
Optex Systems Richardson segment, currently has seven open US Government IDIQ type military contracts for periscopes with substantial
unspent funding which covers government base year and option year requirement periods into 2025, in addition to a significant pricing
proposal in process for sighting system support with an expected award during the next six months. 

Applied
Optics Center Dallas 

The
Applied Optics Center backlog increased by 13.2 million, or 425.8 , for the year ended October 3, 2021, from 3.1 million in 2020 to
 16.3 million in 2021. New orders for the Applied Optics Center during the 2021 fiscal year were 19.6 million as compared to the fiscal
year 2020 orders of 5.4 million, an increase of 14.2 million or 263.0 . We are seeing increases in demand and proposal activity for
both laser coated filters and optical assemblies and anticipate additional order bookings for both our commercial and military products
for deliveries beginning in fiscal year 2022. On August 2, 2021, the Company announced a contract award of 8.4 million with a new customer
as part of a twenty-four-month purchase order for laser filter units and on September 21, 2021, the Company announced a 3 million commercial
order for optical devices. 

Optex
Systems Holdings continues to pursue new international and commercial opportunities in addition to maintaining its current footprint
with U.S. military vehicle manufactures, with existing as well as new product lines. We are also reviewing potential products, outside
our traditional product lines, which could be manufactured using our current production facilities in order to capitalize on our existing
capacity. Further, we continue to look for strategic businesses to acquire that will strengthen our existing product line, expand our
operations, and enter new markets. 

32 

Twelve
month period ended October 3, 2021 compared to the twelve month period ended September 27, 2020 

Revenues: 

The
table below details the revenue changes by segment and product line for the year ended October 3, 2021 as compared to the year ended
September 27, 2020. 

Twelve
 months ended 
 
 (Millions) 

Product Line 
 October 3, 2021 
 September 27, 2020 
 Variance 
 Chg 
 
 Periscopes 
 7.2 
 11.3 
 (4.1 
 (36.3 
 
 Sighting Systems 
 2.3 
 2.2 
 0.1 
 4.5 
 
 Howitzers 
 0.2 
 - 
 0.2 
 - 
 
 Other 
 2.1 
 3.7 
 (1.6 
 (43.2 
 
 Optical Systems Richardson 
 11.8 
 17.2 
 (5.4 
 (31.4 
 
 Applied Optics Center Dallas 
 6.4 
 8.7 
 (2.3 
 (26.4 
 
 Total Revenue 
 18.2 
 25.9 
 (7.7 
 (29.7 

Our
total revenues decreased by 7.7 million, or 29.7 in 2021 compared to 2020 revenue levels. The Optex Systems Richardson segment realized
a 5.4 million, or 31.4 , decrease in revenue and the Applied Optics Center segment realized a decrease of 2.3 million, or 26.4 , in
revenue compared to the prior year period. 

Revenues
decreased by 4.1 million or 36.3 on our periscope line during the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 as compared to the twelve months
ended September 27, 2020 based on lower customer demand between the respective periods. 

Revenues
on sighting systems increased by 0.1 million, or 4.5 from the prior year period due to shipments of Commander Weapon Sighting Systems
against existing prior year contracts. 

Revenue
on Howitzers increased by 0.2 million, compared to revenues of zero in the prior year due to shipments against our Aiming Circle XM10
optical assemblies contract awarded in 2020. 

Revenue
on other product lines decreased by 1.6 million, or 43.2 , compared to revenues in the prior year due to lower contract demand on MRS
collimators and cell assemblies. 

The
Applied Optics Center external revenue decreased by 2.3 million, or 26.4 , during 2021 as compared to the prior year period. The lower
revenue was primarily driven by lower customer orders across coated filter and optical assembly lines. We expect revenue for the Applied
Optics Center to increase in the next year consistent with recent increases in customer demand for optical assemblies and laser filter
units. 

Gross
Margin . The gross margin for the year ended October 3, 2021 was 13.8 of revenue as compared to a gross margin of 23.5 of revenue
for the year ended September 27, 2020. Cost of sales decreased by 4.1 million to 15.7 million for 2021 compared to 19.8 million for
2020 on reduced revenue. The gross margin decreased by 3.6 million to 2.5 million in 2021 as compared to 6.1 million in 2020. The
erosion in the gross margin is primarily due to lower revenue across both segments, unfavorable manufacturing overhead adjustments on
reduced production volume and some shifts in product mix toward less profitable product groups. 

G A
Expenses . For the years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, we recorded operating expenses of 3.0 million and 3.2 million,
respectively. General and administrative cost decreases of 0.2 million, or 6.3 , during 2021 are primarily attributable to decreased
salaries and office expenses. 

Operating
Income . For the year ended October 3, 2021, we recorded an operating loss 0.5 million as compared to operating income of 2.9 million
during the year ended September 27, 2020. The 3.4 million decrease in operating income in the current year over the prior year is primarily
due to decreased revenue and gross margin, offset by slightly lower general and administrative spending in the current year as compared
to the prior year period. 

Other
(Expense) Income. During the year ended October 3, 2021, we recognized a 2.5 million gain on change in the fair value of warrants
as compared to a 0.5 million loss in the year ended September 27, 2020. The 3.0 million change in the fair value of warrants is primarily
due to the expiration of outstanding warrants as of August 26, 2021. Additional information related to the change in valuation is discussed
under Item 1, Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 12 Warrant Liabilities . 

33 

Net
income applicable to common shareholders . During the year ended October 3, 2021, we recorded net income applicable to common shareholders
of 1.5 million as compared to net income applicable to common shareholders of 1.2 million during the year ended September 27, 2020.
The increase of net income of 0.3 million is primarily attributable to decreased operating income of 3.4) million offset by changes
in the fair value of warrants of 3.0 million and a change in income taxes of 0.6 million as compared to the year ended 2020. 

Non
GAAP Adjusted EBITDA 

We
use adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) as an additional measure for evaluating the performance
of our business as net income includes the significant impact of noncash valuation gains and losses on warrant liabilities,
noncash compensation expenses related to equity stock issues, as well as depreciation, amortization, interest expenses and federal income
taxes. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a meaningful indicator of our operating performance because it permits period-over-period comparisons
of our ongoing core operations before the excluded items, which we do not consider relevant to our operations. Adjusted EBITDA is a financial
measure not required by, or presented in accordance with, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 

Adjusted
EBITDA has limitations and should not be considered in isolation or a substitute for performance measures calculated under GAAP. This
non-GAAP measure excludes certain cash expenses that we are obligated to make. In addition, other companies in our industry may calculate
Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do or may not calculate it at all, which limits the usefulness of Adjusted EBITDA as a comparative
measure. 

The
table below summarizes our twelve-month operating results for the periods ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, in terms of both
the GAAP net income measure and the non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA measure. 

(Thousands) Twelve months ended 

October 3, 2021 
 September 27, 2020 

Net Income GAAP 
 2,131 
 1,825 
 
 Add: 

(Gain) Loss on Change in Fair Value of Warrants 
 (2,535 
 508 
 
 Federal Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 
 (101 
 531 
 
 Depreciation 
 263 
 248 
 
 Stock Compensation 
 228 
 197 
 
 Interest Expense 
 11 
 19 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA - Non GAAP 
 (3 
 3,328 

Our
Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 3.3 million to 0.0 million during the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 as compared to 3.3 million
during the twelve months ended September 27, 2020. The decrease in EBITDA is primarily driven by a decrease in revenue of 7.7 million
resulting in lower operating profit of 3.4 million and other changes of 0.1) million. Operating segment performance is discussed in
greater detail throughout the previous sections. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of October 3, 2021, Optex Systems Holdings had working capital of 12.9 million, as compared to 11.7 million as of September 27, 2020.
Some of our contracts may allow for government contract financing in the form of contract progress payments pursuant to Federal Acquisition
Regulation 52.232-16, Progress Payments. Subject to certain limitations, this clause provides for government payment of
up to 90 of incurred program costs prior to product delivery for small businesses like us. To the extent any contracts allow for progress
payments and the respective contracts would result in significant preproduction cash requirements for design, process development, tooling,
material or other resources which could exceed our current working capital or line of credit availability, we intend to utilize this
benefit to minimize any potential negative impact on working capital prior to receipt of payment for the associated contract deliveries. 

34 

Backlog
as of October 3, 2021 was 27.3 million as compared to a backlog of 16.3 million as of September 27, 2020, representing an increase
of 67.5 . 

The
Company has historically funded its operations through operations, convertible notes, common and preferred stock offerings and bank debt.
The Company s ability to generate positive cash flows depends on a variety of factors, including the continued development and
successful marketing of the Company s products. At October 3, 2021, the Company had approximately 3.9 million in cash and an outstanding
payable balance of zero against our working line of credit. The line of credit allows for borrowing up to a maximum of 2.3 million.
As of October 3, 2021, our outstanding accounts receivable was 3.2 million. We expect the accounts to be collected during the first
quarter of fiscal 2022. The Company expects to generate net income and positive cash flow from operating activities over the next twelve
months. To remain profitable, we need to maintain a level of revenue adequate to support our cost structure. Management intends to manage
operations commensurate with its level of working capital and facilities line of credit during the next twelve months and beyond; however,
uneven revenue levels driven by changes in customer delivery demands, first article inspection requirements or other program delays associated
with the pandemic could create a working capital shortfall. In the event the Company does not successfully implement its ultimate business
plan, certain assets may not be recoverable. 

On
June 8, 2020 the Company announced authorization for a 1 million stock repurchase program. The shares authorized to be repurchased under
the new repurchase program may be purchased from time to time at prevailing market prices, through open market or in negotiated transactions,
depending upon market conditions and subject to Rule 10b-18 as promulgated by the SEC. During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020,
there were 105,733 common shares repurchased through the program at a cost of 200 thousand. The Company purchased a total of 519,266
shares against the program through April 2021 at a total cost of 1.0 million, which were subsequently cancelled in June 2021. 

On
September 22, 2021 the Company announced authorization for an additional 1 million stock repurchase program. As of October 3, 2021,
there were 35,555 shares held in treasury which were purchased under the September 2021 stock repurchase plan at a cost of 69 thousand.
During the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, there was a combined total of 449,088 common shares repurchased through both repurchase
programs at a total cost of 869 thousand. 

D uring
the twelve months ending October 3, 2021, we generated operating cash flow of 0.5 million, received proceeds from the exercise of warrants
of 0.3 million, paid down our line of credit by 0.4) million, and spent 0.9) million for the purchase of shares against our previously
announced stock repurchase plans and 0.3) million on acquisitions of property and equipment. 

We
intend to renew or replace our current 2.3 million facilities line of credit which expires on April 15, 2022. If adequate funds are
not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to finance our operations, develop or enhance our products, expand our
sales and marketing programs, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures. 

On
August 26, 2021, 3,936,391 outstanding warrants expired worthless, resulting in a 2.5 million gain on change in fair value of warrants
and the elimination of the balance sheet warrant liability. 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 the Company declared and paid no dividends. As of October 3, 2021, there are no outstanding declared
and unpaid dividends. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Revenue
Recognition: The Company has adopted FASB ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers which requires revenue recognition
based on a five-step model that includes: identifying the contract, identifying the performance obligations, determining the transaction
price, allocating the transaction price and recognizing the revenue. The standard results in the recognition of revenue depicting the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount reflecting the expected consideration to be received from the customer
for such goods and services, based on the satisfaction of performance obligations, occurring when the control of the goods or services
transfer to the customer. The majority of the Company s contracts and customer orders originate with fixed determinable unit prices
for each deliverable quantity of goods defined by the customer order line item (performance obligation) and include the specific due
date for the transfer of control and title of each of those deliverables to the customer at pre-established payment terms, which are
generally within thirty to sixty days from the transfer of title and control. We have elected to account for shipping and handling costs
as fulfillment costs after the customer obtains control of the goods. In addition, the Company has one ongoing service contract which
relates to optimized weapon system support (OWSS) and includes ongoing program maintenance, repairs and spare inventory support for the
customer s existing fleet units in service during the duration of the contract. Revenue recognition for this program has been recorded
by the Company, and compensated by the customer, at fixed monthly increments over time, consistent with the defined contract maintenance
period. The total revenue recognized over time related to the contract is 479 thousand for the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 and
 451 thousand for the twelve months ended September 27, 2020. 

35 

The
Company has on occasion, outside of the presented periods, received selective contract awards and modifications which included substantive
milestone performance obligations, contract modifications, negotiated settlements and financing arrangements which could fall within
the scope of FASB ASC 606 revenue recognition guidance on reoccurrence, and as such, the Company has expanded their contract review process
to ensure any new contract awards, changes, modifications, financing arrangements or potential negotiated settlements are recorded in
compliance to the new standard guidance. 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, there was 1 thousand of revenue recognized during the period from customer deposit liabilities
(deferred contract revenue). During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020 there was 3 thousand of revenue recognized during the
period from customer deposit liabilities (deferred contract revenue. As of the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 and September 27,
2020, there are no significant deferred contract costs such as sales commissions. 

Stock-Based
Compensation : FASB ASC 718 establishes standards for the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity
instruments for goods or services, but primarily focuses on transactions whereby an entity obtains employee services for share-based
payments. FASB ASC 718 requires that the compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial
statements. That cost will be measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. It also addresses transactions
in which an entity incurs liabilities in exchange for goods or services that are based on the fair value of the entity s equity
instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of those equity instruments. 

Income
Tax/Deferred Tax : FASB ASC 740 requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on differing treatment of items for financial reporting and income tax reporting purposes. The deferred tax balances
are adjusted to reflect tax rates by tax jurisdiction, based on currently enacted tax laws, which will be in effect in the years in which
the temporary differences are expected to reverse. Under FASB ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred
tax assets if it is more likely than not that Optex Systems Holdings will not realize tax assets through future operations. When assessing
the recoverability of deferred tax assets, management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income and tax planning strategies and results of recent operations. Based on those estimates, management has determined that
a portion of the deferred tax assets may not be realized and has established a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset balance.
We record uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) we determine whether it
is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those
tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than
50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

As
of October 3, 2021, Optex Systems Inc. has a net carrying value of 1.3 million in deferred tax assets represented by deferred tax assets
of 2.1 million and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance of 0.8) million against those assets. The valuation allowance has been
established due to historical losses resulting in a Net Operating Loss Carryforward for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2016 which
may not be fully recognized due to an IRS Section 382 limitation related to a change in control occurring in fiscal year 2018. Due to
historical losses, our valuation allowance reserve was set at 100 of the deferred tax asset for the years 2014 through 2018 for a net
carrying value of zero. As of October 3, 2021, and September 27, 2020, we reviewed the deferred tax assets and determined it was more
likely than not that we would be able to utilize a substantial portion of the deferred tax asset balance against future earnings. Our
assumptions were based on the previous three years earnings trend as well as anticipated future earnings expected with the increases
in U.S defense and Foreign Military market spending. During the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, we recognized and additional 0.04
million in tax benefits from the deferred tax assets. We will continue to review the deferred tax assets and related valuation reserves
in accordance with ASC 740 on an annual basis. 

36 

Leases:
 In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842). The update is intended to increase transparency and
comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information
about leasing arrangements. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. As such, Optex Systems Holdings adopted these provisions as of the fiscal year beginning on
September 30, 2019. Optex Systems Holdings has two significant operating facilities leases which extend beyond twelve months and fall
under the guidance of ASC Topic 842. Adoption of ASC Topic 842 resulted in the balance sheet recognition of a right-of-use asset of 1.9
million and corresponding operating lease liabilities of approximately 1.8 million as of the beginning of the fiscal year ended on September
27, 2020, representing the present value of future lease payments as of the beginning of the year, for the term of the equipment lease
and both segment facility leases and which assumed the exercise of a five-year renewal option at the Applied Optics Center as of November
1, 2021. On January 11, 2021, the Company executed amendments extending the lease terms of both facilities for eighty-six months. Execution
of the new lease amendments for the Dallas and Richardson facilities on January 11, 2021 resulted in the balance sheet recognition of
a right-of-use asset of 3.7 million and corresponding operating lease liabilities of approximately 3.7 million during the period. 

As
of period ended September 27, 2021, the Company has recognized a 1.4 million in right-of-use-asset and corresponding operating lease
liabilities of 1.5 million. As of period ended October 3, 2021, the Company has recognized a 3.6 million in right-of-use-asset and
corresponding operating lease liabilities of 3.7 million. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements are detailed under Note 3 of Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 

37 

Item
8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 3, 2021 and September
27, 2020, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

38 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Deferred
Taxes 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in notes 2 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differing
treatment of items for financial reporting and income tax reporting purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred
tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. When assessing the recoverability
of deferred tax assets, management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and
tax planning strategies, and results of recent operations. Management has determined that a portion of the deferred tax assets may not
be realized and has established a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset balance. For the year ended October 3, 2021, the
Company has a net carrying value of 1.3 million in deferred tax assets represented by deferred tax assets of 2.1 million and a deferred
tax asset valuation allowance of 0.8 million against those assets. 

We
identified the evaluation of the deferred taxes as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management
used in calculating the deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as the valuation allowance. Performing audit procedures to evaluate
the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment. Additionally, the audit procedures
performed on deferred taxes required increased audit effort and involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures consisted of the following: 

Testing
 management s process for developing the accounting estimate for deferred taxes including the valuation allowance. 

Evaluating
 the appropriateness of the significant estimates and assumptions used by management, including the scheduled reversal of deferred
 tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and results of recent operations. We considered the current and past performance
 of the entity, the industry in which the Company operates, and whether audit evidence obtained from other audit procedures resulted
 in any disconfirming evidence. 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in calculating deferred taxes and the related valuation allowance. 

Utilizing
 professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in the evaluation of the reasonableness of deferred taxes and the related
 valuation allowance. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

Fort
Worth, Texas 

 December
20, 2021 

39 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

1 
 2 

(Thousands, except share and per share data) 

October 3, 2021 
 September 27, 2020 

ASSETS 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts Receivable, Net 

Inventory, Net 

Prepaid Expenses 

Current Assets 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Other Assets 

Deferred Tax Asset 

Right-of-use Asset 

Security Deposits 

Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Operating Lease Liability 

Accrued Expenses 

Warrant Liability 
 - 

Accrued Warranty Costs 

Customer Advance Deposits 
 - 

Current Liabilities 

Other Liabilities 

Credit Facility 
 - 

Operating Lease Liability, net of current portion 

Other Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock par, authorized, and shares issued, and and outstanding, respectively) 

Treasury Stock (at cost, and shares held, respectively) 

Additional Paid in capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

40 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Income 

1 
 2 

(Thousands, except share and per share data) 

Twelve months ended 

October 3, 2021 
 September 27, 2020 

Revenue 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Margin 

General and Administrative Expense 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Gain (Loss) on Change in Fair Value of Warrants 

Interest Expense 

Other Income (Expense) 

Income Before Taxes 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit), net 

Net Income 

Deemed dividends on participating securities 

Net income applicable to common shareholders 

Basic income per share 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - basic 

Diluted income per share 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

41 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

1 
 2 

(Thousands) 

Twelve months ended 

October 3, 2021 
 September 27, 2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash provided by Operating Activities: 

Depreciation and Amortization 

(Gain) Loss on Change in Fair Value of Warrants 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Deferred Tax 

Accounts Receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid Expenses 

Leases 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Accrued Warranty Costs 

Customer Advance Deposits 

Increase (Decrease) In Accrued Estimated Loss On Contracts 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Adjustments 

Net Cash provided by Operating Activities 

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 

Purchases of Property and Equipment 

Net Cash used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows used in Financing Activities 

Cash Paid for Taxes Withheld On Net Settled Restricted Stock Unit Share Issue 

Payments (to) Borrowings from Credit Facility 

Proceeds from Warrant Exercise 
 
 - 
 
 Stock Repurchase 

Net Cash used in Financing Activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Non Cash Transactions: 

Right-of-Use Asset 

Operating Lease Liabilities 

Treasury stock retired 
 
 - 

Cash Transactions: 

Cash Paid for Taxes 

Cash Paid for Interest 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

42 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Equity 

1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 

(Thousands,
 except share data) 

Common 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 Treasury 
 Common 
 Treasury 
 Paid
 in 
 Retained 
 Stockholders 

Issued 
 Shares 
 Stock 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Balance
 at September 29, 2019 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Vested
 restricted stock units issued net of tax withholding 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Restricted
 Board Shares Issued (1) (1) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Stock Repurchase (2) (2) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise
 of Warrants 

Exercise
 of Warrants, shares 

Common
 Stock Purchase and Cancellation 

Common
 Stock Purchase and Cancellation, shares 

Cancellation
 of Treasury Shares 

Cancellation
 of Treasury Shares, shares 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at September 27, 2020 

Stock
 Compensation Expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Vested
 restricted stock units issued net of tax withholding 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common
 Stock Repurchase (2) (2) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise
 of Warrants (3) (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common
 Stock Purchase and Cancellation 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancellation
 of Treasury Shares (2) (2) 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at October 3, 2021 

(1) restricted
common shares issued to each of the Independent Board of Directors (Rimmy Malhotra, Dale Lehman, Larry Hagenbuch) on April 30, 2020 with
 vesting as of each January 1 each year over a five-year period. The value of the shares at issue date is for shares
to be amortized over the vesting period. As of October 3, 2021, of the director shares were vested, and were unvested. 

(2) of the repurchased shares were cancelled,
and as of October 3, 2021, shares were held in treasury stock using the cost method. 

(3) for gross proceeds of thousand and a fair market value of thousand as of the exercise dates. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

43 

square feet. As of October 3, 2021, the Company
operated with full-time equivalent employees. 

Level
2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 

Level
3: Unobservable inputs reflecting the reporting entity s own assumptions. 

The
accounting guidance establishes a hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of quoted market prices and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs. An asset or liability s level is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
measurement. Fair value estimates are reviewed at the origination date and again at each applicable measurement date and interim or annual
financial reporting dates, as applicable for the financial instrument, and are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information
available to management at those times. 

Each
of the measurements is considered a Level 3 measurement based on the availability of market data and inputs and the significance of any
unobservable inputs as of the measurement date. The methods and significant inputs and assumptions utilized in estimating the fair value
of the warrant liabilities, as well as the respective hierarchy designations are discussed further in Note 12 Warrant Liabilities . 

million
in cash on deposit with our banks. Only a portion of the cash, currently thousand, would be covered by federal deposit insurance
and the uninsured balances are substantially greater than the insured amounts. 

), four U.S. defense contractors , , , and ), one major commercial customer and all other customers ).
The Company s revenues for fiscal year ended September 27, 2020 are derived from sales to U.S. government agencies ), three
major U.S. defense contractors , and ), one major commercial customer and all other customers ). Optex Systems Holdings
does not believe that this concentration results in undue credit risk because of the financial strength of the obligees. 

thousand, for non U.S. government account balances greater than 120
days. As the customer base is primarily U.S. government and government prime contractors, Optex Systems Holdings allowance for doubtful
accounts is minimal. Optex Systems Holdings charges uncollectible accounts to bad debt expense in the period as they are first deemed
uncollectible. In the fiscal year 2021 we recognized in bad debt expenses associated with uncollectible accounts. In the fiscal
year 2020 we recognized thousand in bad debt expenses associated with uncollectible accounts. 

As
of October 3, 2021, of the accounts receivable balance was comprised of six customers: the U.S. government, , three major defense
contractors, , and , a commercial customer, , and a foreign military customer, . As of September 27, 2020, of the accounts
receivable balance was comprised of five customers: the U.S. government, , three major defense contractors, , and , and a
commercial customer, . 

Work in Process 

Finished Goods 

Gross Inventory 

Less: Inventory Reserves 

Net Inventory 

In
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 Optex Systems recorded thousand of obsolete and excess inventory reserves. Net Inventory
decreased by million in support of deliveries against several long running contracts during the 2021 fiscal year. 

thousand
and thousand, respectively, were reviewed and determined to be adequate to satisfy any future warranty claims that may have existed
as of the end of each fiscal year for shipments occurring in the prior 12 months. We have made numerous improvements to our supplier
bases and internal production process to reduce the return rate on future shipments but will continue to review and monitor the reserve
balances related to this product line against any existing warranty backlog and current trend data as we repair and replace our current
warranty backlog and process future warranty returns. 

Incurred costs for warranties satisfied during the period 

Warranty Expenses: 

Warranties reserved for new product shipped during the period (1) 

Change in estimate for pre-existing warranty liabilities (2) 

Warranty Expense 

Ending balance 

(1) 

(2) 

million and corresponding operating lease liabilities of approximately million as of the beginning of the fiscal year ended on September
27, 2020, representing the present value of future lease payments as of the beginning of the year, for the term of the equipment lease
and both segment facility leases and which assumed the exercise of a five-year renewal option at the Applied Optics Center as of November
1, 2021. On January 11, 2021, the Company executed amendments extending the lease terms of both facilities for eighty-six months. Execution
of the new lease amendments for the Dallas and Richardson facilities on January 11, 2021 resulted in the balance sheet recognition of
a right-of-use asset of million and corresponding operating lease liabilities of approximately million during the period. 

As
of period ended September 27, 2021, the Company has recognized a million in right-of-use-asset and corresponding operating lease
liabilities of million. As of period ended October 3, 2021, the Company has recognized a million in right-of-use-asset and
corresponding operating lease liabilities of million. See also Note 7. 

thousand for the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 and
 thousand for the twelve months ended September 27, 2020. 

The
Company has on occasion, outside of the presented periods, received selective contract awards and modifications which included substantive
milestone performance obligations, contract modifications, negotiated settlements and financing arrangements which could fall within
the scope of FASB ASC 606 revenue recognition guidance on reoccurrence, and as such, the Company has expanded their contract review process
to ensure any new contract awards, changes, modifications, financing arrangements or potential negotiated settlements are recorded in
compliance to the new standard guidance. 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, there was thousand of revenue recognized during the period from customer deposit liabilities
(deferred contract revenue). During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020 there was thousand of revenue recognized during the
period from customer deposit liabilities (deferred contract revenue. As of the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 and September 27,
2020, there are significant deferred contract costs such as sales commissions. 

and thousand, respectively, in customer advance deposits. 

impairment of long-lived assets was recorded for the periods
presented. 

As
of October 3, 2021, Optex Systems Inc. has a net carrying value of million in deferred tax assets represented by deferred tax assets
of million and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance of million against those assets. The valuation allowance has been
established due to historical losses resulting in a Net Operating Loss Carryforward for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2016 which
may not be fully recognized due to an IRS Section 382 limitation related to a change in control occurring in fiscal year 2018. As of October 3, 2021, and September 27, 2020, we reviewed the deferred tax assets and determined it was more
likely than not that we would be able to utilize a substantial portion of the deferred tax asset balance against future earnings. Our
assumptions were based on the previous three years earnings trend as well as anticipated future earnings expected with the increases
in U.S defense and Foreign Military market spending. During the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, we recognized an additional 
million in tax benefits from the deferred tax assets. We will continue to review the deferred tax assets and related valuation reserves
in accordance with ASC 740 on an annual basis. 

unvested restricted stock units and restricted unvested shares (which converts
to incremental dilutive shares) were included in the diluted earnings per share calculation as dilutive. For the twelve months
ended September 27, 2020, unvested restricted stock units and restricted unvested shares (which converts to incremental
dilutive shares) were included in the diluted earnings per share calculation as dilutive, and warrants were excluded. 

Our
outstanding warrants during the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020 are participating securities which share dividend
distributions and the allocation of any undistributed earnings (deemed dividends) with our common shareholders. During the twelve months
ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, there were declared dividends and allocated undistributed earnings of million and
 million attributable to the participating warrants, respectively. 

In
February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842). The update is intended to increase transparency and comparability
among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing
arrangements. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. As such, Optex Systems Holdings adopted these provisions as of the fiscal year beginning on September 30,
2019. Optex Systems Holdings has two significant operating facilities leases and one equipment lease which extends beyond twelve months
and fall under the guidance of ASC Topic 842. Adoption of ASC Topic 842 resulted in the balance sheet recognition of a right-of-use asset
of million and corresponding operating lease liabilities of approximately million as of September 30, 2019, representing the
present value of future lease payments as of the beginning of the year, for the term of the equipment lease and both segment facility
leases. See also Note 7. 

of the Optex Systems segment
revenue is comprised of domestic military customers, and is comprised of foreign military customers. Optex Systems segment revenue
is derived from the U.S. government, , and two major U.S. defense contractors representing and , of the Company s consolidated
revenue, respectively. 

Optex
Systems is located in Richardson Texas, with leased premises consisting of approximately square feet. As of October 3, 2021, the
Richardson facility operated with full time equivalent employees in a single shift operation. Optex Systems, Richardson serves as
the home office for both the Optex Systems and Applied Optics Center segments. 

Applied
Optics Center (AOC) Dallas, Texas 

The
Applied Optics Center serves primarily domestic U.S. customers. Sales to commercial customers represent and military sales to prime
and subcontracted customers represent of the total segment revenue. Approximately of the AOC revenue is derived from external
customers and approximately is related to intersegment sales to Optex Systems in support of military contracts. For the twelve months
ended October 3, 2021, the AOC segment revenue from the U.S. government, one major commercial customer, and two major defense contractors
represent approximately , and of the Company s consolidated revenue, respectively. 

The
Applied Optics Center is located in Dallas, Texas with leased premises consisting of approximately square feet of space. As of
October 3, 2021, AOC operated with full time equivalent employees in a single shift operation. 

- 

Intersegment revenues 
 - 

- 
 
 Total Revenue 

Interest expense 
 - 
 - 

Depreciation and Amortization 

- 

Income (loss) before taxes 

Other significant noncash items: 

Allocated home office expense 

- 
 - 
 
 Gain on change in fair value of warrants 
 - 
 - 

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 - 

Warranty expense 

- 

Segment Assets 

- 

Expenditures for segment assets 

- 

Reportable Segment Financial Information (thousands) 

Twelve months ended September 27, 2020 

Optex Systems Richardson 
 Applied Optics Center Dallas 
 Other (non-allocated costs and intersegment eliminations) 
 Consolidated Total 

Revenues from external customers 

- 

Intersegment revenues 
 - 

- 
 
 Total Revenue 

Interest expense 
 - 
 - 

Depreciation and Amortization 

- 

Income before taxes 

Other significant noncash items: 

Allocated home office expense 

- 
 - 
 
 Loss on change in fair value of warrants 
 - 
 - 

Stock option compensation expense 
 - 
 - 

Warranty Expense 
 - 
 
 - 

Segment Assets 

- 

Expenditures for segment assets 

- 

- yrs 

Machinery and Equipment 
 yrs 

Leasehold Improvements 
 yrs 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Property Equipment 

Depreciation Expense 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, Optex Systems Holdings purchased thousand in new furniture and fixtures and 
thousand in leasehold improvements. During the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, there were sales or retirements of fixed assets.
During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020, Optex Systems Holdings purchased thousand in new furniture and fixtures
and thousand in machinery and equipment. During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020, there were sales or retirements of
fixed assets. 

- 
 
 Accrued Vacation 

Property Taxes 

Operating Expenses 

Payroll Payroll Related 

Total Accrued Expenses 

square feet of space
at the premises. The previous lease term for this location expired and thereafter. The initial term included 2 months of rent abatement for April and May of 2021. The monthly rent includes approximately
 thousand for additional Common Area Maintenance fees and taxes CAM ), to be adjusted annually based on actual expenses
incurred by the landlord. 

The
leased facility under the Applied Optics Center located at 9839 and 9827 Chartwell Drive, Dallas, Texas, consists of square feet
of space at the premises. The previous lease term for this location expired on and . . The monthly rent includes approximately thousand for additional CAM, to be adjusted annually based on actual expenses
incurred by the landlord. 

1. 

Optex
Systems Holdings adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 842 Leases as of the fiscal year beginning on September 30, 2019.
Optex Systems Holdings has two significant operating facilities leases and one equipment lease which extend beyond twelve months and
fall under the guidance of ASC Topic 842. Adoption of ASC Topic 842 resulted in the balance sheet recognition of a right-of-use asset
of million and corresponding operating lease liabilities of approximately million as of September 30, 2019, which represented
the present value of future lease payments for the term of the equipment lease and both segment facility leases and which assumed the
exercise of a five -year renewal option at the Applied Optics Center as of November 1, 2021. Execution of the new lease amendments for
the Dallas and Richardson facilities on January 11, 2021 resulted in the balance sheet recognition of a right-of-use asset of million
and corresponding operating lease liabilities of approximately million during the twelve months ended October 3, 2021. 

2023 Base year lease 

2024 Base year lease 

2025 Base year lease 

2026 Base year lease 

2027 Base year lease 

2028 Base year lease 

2029 Base year lease 
 - 

Total base lease payments 

Imputed interest on lease payments (1) (1) 

- 

Total Operating Lease Liability (2) (2) 

Right-of-use Asset (3) (3) 

(1) on the new lease amendments effective as of January 11,
 2021 and 7.5 on the remaining lease term for the Applied Optics Dallas facility through
 . 

(2) 
thousand of unamortized deferred rent. 

(3) thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Total
expense under both facility lease agreements for the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 was thousand. Total expense under both
facility lease agreements as of the twelve months ended September 27, 2020 was thousand. 

Total
office equipment rentals included in operating expenses was thousand for the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 and for the twelve
months ended September 27, 2020. 

million. The Facility matures on . The interest rate is variable based on
 PNC s Prime Rate plus a margin of - , initially set at at loan origination, and all accrued and unpaid interest is
 payable monthly in arrears starting on May 15, 2020; and the principal amount is due in full with all accrued and unpaid interest
 and any other fees on April 15, 2022. 

. 

The
 Facility contains commercially standard events of default including, but not limited to, not making payments when due; incurring
 a judgment of or more not covered by insurance; not maintaining collateral and the like. 

The
 Facility is secured by a first lien on all of the assets of Borrower. 

The
outstanding balance on the credit facility was and thousand as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, respectively. For
the years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, the total interest expense against the outstanding line of credit balance was
 thousand and thousand, respectively. 

shares to the Company s officers, directors,
employees and to independent contractors who provide services to Optex Systems Holdings as either incentive or non-statutory stock options
determined at the time of grant. During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020, all of the outstanding stock options were
repurchased at per option for a total transaction of . There were new grants of stock options during the twelve months ended
October 3, 2021. As of October 3, 2021, there are stock options outstanding. 

Restricted
Stock Units issued to Officers and Employees 

On
June 14, 2016, the Compensation Committee Committee of the Board of Directors of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. approved
the Company s 2016 Restricted Stock Unit Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides for the issuance of restricted stock
units RSU for up to shares of the Company s common stock to Optex Systems Holdings officers and employees.
Each RSU constitutes a right to receive one share of the Company s common stock, subject to vesting, which unless otherwise stated
in an RSU agreement, shall vest in equal amounts on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date. Shares of the Company s
common stock underlying the number of vested RSUs will be delivered as soon as practicable after vesting. During the period between grant
and vesting, the RSUs may not be transferred, and the grantee has no rights as a shareholder until vesting has occurred. If the grantee s
employment is terminated for any reason (other than following a change in control of the Company or a termination of an officer other
than for cause), then any unvested RSUs under the award will automatically terminate and be forfeited. If an officer grantee s
employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the grantee for good reason, then, provided that the RSUs have not been previously
forfeited, the remaining unvested portion of the RSUs will immediately vest as of the officer grantee s termination date. In the
event of a change in control, the Company s obligations regarding outstanding RSUs shall, on such terms as may be approved by the
Committee prior to such event, immediately vest, be assumed by the surviving or continuing company or cancelled in exchange for property
(including cash). 

On
January 7, 2020, the Company issued common shares to one director and two officers, net of tax withholding of thousand, in
settlement of restricted stock units which vested on January 1, 2020. 

On
February 17, 2020, the Company granted restricted stock units to Bill Bates, General Manager of the Applied Optics Center. The
restricted stock units vest as of January 1 each year subsequent to the grant date over a three -year period at a rate of in year
one, and each year thereafter. The stock price at grant date was per share. The Company will amortize the grant date fair market
value of thousand to stock compensation expense on a straight-line basis across the three -year vesting period beginning on February
17, 2020. 

On
January 2, 2021, the Company issued common shares to directors and officers, net of tax withholding of thousand, in settlement
of restricted stock units which vested on January 1, 2021. 

Effective
December 1, 2021, the vesting terms of Danny Schoening s RSU grant from January 2019 were revised as described in Item
11. Executive Compensation Employment Agreements - Danny Schoening , which disclosure is incorporated by reference
herein. 

Restricted
Shares Issued to Independent Board Members 

On
April 30, 2020, the Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. Board of Directors held a meeting and voted to increase the annual board compensation
for the three independent directors from to with an effective date of January 1, 2020, in addition to granting 
restricted shares to each independent director which shall vest at a rate of per year (20,000 shares) each January 1 st ,
over the next , through January 1, 2025. The total market value for the shares is thousand based on the stock
price of as of April 30, 2020. The Company will amortize the fair market value to stock compensation expense on a straight-line
basis across the five-year vesting period beginning on April 30, 2020. On January 1, 2021, of the restricted director shares vested. 

There
were no new grants of restricted stock units during the twelve months ended October 3, 2021. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 

Outstanding at September 27, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at October 3, 2021 

Stock
Based Compensation Expense 

Equity
compensation is amortized to general and administrative expenses based on a straight-line basis across the vesting or service period
as applicable. The recorded compensation costs for restricted shares granted and restricted stock units awarded as well as the unrecognized
compensation costs are summarized in the table below: 

Restricted Stock Units 

Total Stock Compensation 

The
unrecognized compensation expense for restricted shares and restricted stock units is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of years and years, respectively. 

The Company s contribution expense
for the fiscal years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020 were thousand and thousand, respectively. 

dividends declared or paid during the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020. 

Common
stock 

During
the twelve months ended September 27, 2020, there were common shares issued, net of tax withholding, in settlement of restricted
stock units which vested on January 1 2020. On April 30, 2020, there were restricted shares issued to independent board members.
There were other issuances of common stock during the twelve months ended September 27, 2020. 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, there were common shares issued, net of tax withholding, in settlement of restricted
stock units which vested on January 1 2021. 

On
August 10, 2021 and August 23, 2021, there were and warrants exercised, respectively, at per common share at a total
transaction cost of thousand. The total fair market value at the time of exercise was thousand. There were other issuances
of common stock during the twelve months ended October 3, 2021. 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company repurchased shares from a private investor for a total transaction cost of which were subsequently
cancelled. 

On
June 8, 2020 the Company announced authorization for a million stock repurchase program. As of September 27, 2020 there were 
shares held in treasury purchased under the June 2020 stock repurchase plan. The Company purchased a total of shares against
the program through April 2021, which were subsequently cancelled in June 2021. 

On
September 22, 2021 the Company announced authorization for an additional million stock repurchase program. As of October 3, 2021,
there were shares held in treasury purchased under the September 2021 stock repurchase plan. The shares authorized to be repurchased
under the repurchase program may be purchased from time to time at prevailing market prices, through open market or in negotiated transactions,
depending upon market conditions and subject to Rule 10b-18 as promulgated by the SEC. 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, there were common shares repurchased through the program at a cost of thousand.
During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020, there were common shares repurchased through the program at a cost of 
thousand. A summary of the purchases under the plan follows: 

Stock Buyback Plan initiated May 2020 

May 24, 2020 through June 28, 2020 

June 29, 2020 through July 26, 2020 

July 27, 2020 through August 23, 2020 

August 23, 2020 through September 27, 2020 

September 28, 2020 through October 25, 2020 

October 26, 2020 through November 22, 2020 

November 23, 2020 through December 27, 2020 

December 28, 2020 through January 24, 2021 

January 25, 2021 through February 21, 2021 

February 22, 2021 through March 28, 2021 

March 29, 2021 through April 19, 2021 

- 

Total shares repurchased and cancelled 

- 

Stock Buyback Plan initiated September 2021 

September 23, 2021 through October 1, 2021 

Total shares repurched for the twelve months ended September 27, 2020 

Total shares repurched for the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 

Total shares repurchased as of October 3, 2021 

As
of October 3, 2021, and September 27, 2020, the total outstanding common shares were and , respectively. 

Warrants 

On
August 26, 2016, Optex Systems Holdings Inc. issued warrants to new shareholders and the underwriter, in connection with a
public share offering. The warrants entitled the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price equal to 
per share at any time on or after August 26, 2016 (the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to the close of business
on August 26, 2021 (the Termination Date ). 

Pursuant
to a warrant agreement between Optex Systems Inc. and Equity Stock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent, the warrants were issued in book-entry
form and were initially represented only by one or more global warrants deposited with the warrant agent, as custodian on behalf of The
Depository Trust Company, or DTC, and registered in the name of Cede Co., a nominee of DTC, or as otherwise directed by DTC. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants could be adjusted in certain circumstances,
including in the event of a stock split, stock dividend, extraordinary dividend on or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. 

Under
the terms of the warrant agreement, Optex Systems Holdings Inc. agreed to use their best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the
registration statement and current prospectus relating to common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of
the warrants. During any period in which Optex failed to have an effective registration statement covering the shares underlying the
warrants, the warrant holder was permitted to exercise the warrants on a cashless basis. The warrant holders did not have the rights
or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercised their warrants and received shares of common stock,
except as set forth in the warrants. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder was entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares of common stock would be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be
entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, Optex Systems Holdings Inc. would, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole
number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. If multiple warrants were exercised by the holder at the same time,
Optex Systems Holdings Inc. would aggregate the number of whole shares issuable upon exercise of all the warrants. There was no established
trading market for the warrants. 

In
the event of a fundamental transaction (as defined in warrant), then the Company or any successor entity would pay at the holder s
option, exercisable at any time concurrently with or within 30 days after the consummation of the fundamental transaction, an amount
of cash equal to the value of the remaining unexercised portion of the warrants on the date of consummation of the fundamental transaction
as determined in accordance with the Black Scholes option pricing model. 

As
of September 27, 2020 there were warrants outstanding. During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020, there were zero warrants
exercised or repurchased. During the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, of the warrants were exercised and zero warrants repurchased.
On August 26, 2021, the remaining warrants expired worthless. As of October 3, 2021, there were zero outstanding warrants remaining. 

warrants to new shareholders and the underwriter, in connection with a
public share offering. The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price equal to 
per share at any time on or after August 26, 2016, and on or prior to the close of business on . The Company determined
that these warrants are free standing financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the common stock
included in the public share offering. Management also determined that the warrants are puttable for cash upon a fundamental transaction
at the option of the holder and as such required classification as a liability pursuant to ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity . The Company had no plans to consummate a fundamental transaction and did not believe a fundamental transaction was
likely to occur during the remaining term of the outstanding warrants. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the outstanding warrants
were recognized as a warrant liability on the balance sheet and are measured at their inception date fair value and subsequently re-measured
at each reporting period with changes being recorded as a component of other income in the consolidated statement of income. 

Warrant Expiration Date (1) 

Stock Price (2) 

Interest Rate (annual) (3) 

- 
 
 Volatility (annual) (4) 

- 
 
 Time to Maturity (Years) 

Expired 
 
 Calculated fair value per share 

- 

1) 

(2) share trades on that date. Closing price was based trades of final shares
traded. 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) was below the exercise price of . 

Loss on Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

(Gain) Loss on Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability, Outstanding 

Reclassification to additional paid in capital on exercise of warrants 

Reclassification to additional paid in capital on exercise of warrants, Outstanding 

Fair Value as of period ended 9/27/2020 

Reclassification to additional paid in capital on exercise of warrants (1) 

Gain on Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability (2) 

Fair Value as of period ended 10/03/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 thousand and a warrant liability fair market value of thousand as of the exercise date. 
 
 (2) 

The
warrant liabilities are considered Level 3 liabilities on the fair value hierarchy as the determination of fair value includes various
assumptions about of future activities and the Company s stock prices and historical volatility as inputs. 

Prior year tax adjustment 

Current income tax expense 

Deferred income tax provision (benefit): 

Federal 

Provision for (Benefit from) income taxes, net 

As
of October 3, 2021, Optex Systems Inc. has a net carrying value of million in deferred tax assets represented by deferred tax assets
of million and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance of million against those assets. The valuation allowance has been
established due to historical losses resulting in a Net Operating Loss Carryforward for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2016 which
may not be fully recognized due to an IRS Section 382 limitation related to a change in control occurring in fiscal year 2018. As of
October 3, 2021, and September 27, 2020, we reviewed the deferred tax assets and determined it was more likely than not that we would
be able to utilize a substantial portion of the deferred tax asset balance against future earnings. Our assumptions were based on the
previous three years earnings trend as well as anticipated future earnings expected with the recent orders and increased backlog as of
October 3, 2021. During the twelve months ended October 3, 2021, the Company recognized million in tax benefits to deferred tax
assets. During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020, the Company recognized million in tax expenses from deferred tax assets.
We will continue to review the deferred tax assets and related valuation reserves in accordance with ASC 740 on an annual basis. 

Nondeductible expenses 
 
 ) 

Other temporary adjustments 

Prior year federal income tax adjustment 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Change in deferred tax valuation allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes, net 
 
 ) 

Inventory Reserve 

Unicap 

Deferred Compensation 
 - 

Fixed assets 

Goodwill Amortization 

Intangible Asset Amortization 

Net Operating Losses 

Other 

Subtotal 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred asset 

The
Company has a net loss carryforward of million as of October 3, 2021 as compared to a net loss carryforward of million as of
September 27, 2020. Due to an IRS section 382 change in control limitation which was effective during the fiscal year ended 2017, it
is anticipated that the Company may only realize million of the current net operating loss carryforward for a net tax benefit of
 million through fiscal year ending in 2037. For the year ended October 3, 2021, the Company realized a million net
operating tax loss which is not subject to the IRS section 382 limitation and is available for a tax loss carryback up to five years. 

The
Company applied FASB ASC 740-10 and has no unrecognized tax benefits. By statute, the tax years ended October 3, 2021, September 27,
2020 and September 29, 2019 are open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Optex Systems Holdings is subject. 

During
the twelve months ended October 3, 2021 the Company paid thousand in income taxes, and has a net tax refund due related to the fiscal
year 2021 tax year of thousand included in prepaid expenses. During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020 the Company paid
 thousand in income taxes, and had a net tax refund due related to the fiscal year 2020 tax year of thousand included in prepaid
expenses. There were additional tax benefit adjustments of thousand due to changes from the provisional 2020 rates as compared to
the federal income tax report associated with research and development tax credits and other adjustments. 

per annum.
Mr. Schoening will be eligible for a performance bonus based upon a rolling three-year operating plan adopted by the Company s
Board of Directors (the Board ). The bonus will be based on operating metrics decided annually by our Board and tied to
such three-year plan. The target bonus equates to of Mr. Schoening s base salary. Our Board will have discretion in good faith
to alter the performance bonus upward or downward by . 

. 

.
For a termination by the Company for cause or upon death or permanent disability of Mr. Schoening, Mr. Schoening will be paid salary
and for a termination due to his death or permanent disability, also any bonus earned through the date of termination. For a termination
by the Company without cause or by Mr. Schoening with good reason, Mr. Schoening will also be paid six months base salary in effect
and, if such termination occurs prior to a change of control, Mr. Schoening will not forfeit the unvested RSUs until and unless the change
of control does not occur by March 13, 2023. 

62 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of October 3, 2021, management performed, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange
Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the report we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management including our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on the evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer
and our Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of October 3, 2021, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During
the quarter ended October 3, 2021, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has conducted, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, an assessment, including
testing of the effectiveness, of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 3, 2021. Management s assessment of
internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. In connection with our management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as required
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have not identified any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as of October 3, 2021. We have thus concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October
3, 2021. 

Item
9.B. Other Information 

None. 

63 

PART
III 

Item
10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our
board of directors directs the management of the business and affairs of our company as provided in our certificate of incorporation,
our by-laws and the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Members of our board of directors keep informed about our business through discussions
with senior management, by reviewing analyses and reports sent to them, and by participating in regularly scheduled board and committee
meetings. 

Our
Company is led by Danny Schoening, who has served as COO since 2009, was appointed CEO and Director in 2013, and became Chairman in 2017. 

As
of October 3, 2021, our board of directors consists of four directors, which includes three independent directors and one non-independent
director as discussed below. 

Our
board leadership structure is used by other smaller public companies in the United States, and we believe that this leadership structure
is effective for us. We believe that our directors provide effective oversight of the risk management function, especially through dialogue
between the full board and our management. Our directors serve for a one-year term and until their successors are elected and duly qualify. 

Due
to our small size, the priority has been in attracting qualified directors, with some consideration toward board diversity. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the members of our board of directors and our executive officers and other significant
employees. 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Danny
 Schoening 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman
 and Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Karen
 L. Hawkins 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Larry
 Hagenbuch 
 
 55 
 
 Director,
 Audit Committee Chair (appointed November 4, 2019) 
 
 Dale
 Lehmann 
 
 63 
 
 Director,
 Nominating Committee Chair (appointed November 4, 2019) 
 
 Rimmy
 Malhotra 
 
 46 
 
 Director,
 Compensation Committee Chair (appointed November 4, 2019) 
 
 Billy
 Bates (2) 
 
 59 
 
 General
 Manager, Applied Optics Center 

Danny
R. Schoening (57) . Mr. Schoening joined Optex Systems, Inc. (Texas) in January 2008. Upon the acquisition of the assets of Optex
Systems, Inc. (Texas) by Optex Systems, Inc. (Delaware), Danny became the COO of Optex Systems, Inc. (Delaware) (as of September 28,
2008) and he commenced service with Optex Systems Holdings as its Chief Operating Officer as of the date of the reorganization, March
30, 2009 and was appointed Chief Executive Officer and as a Director in 2013. He has been instrumental in establishing the systems and
infrastructure required to continue Optex System s rapid growth. This activity was rewarded with Optex System s recent ISO
9001:2000 Certification. From February 2004 to January 2008, Danny was the Vice President of Operations for The Finisar Corporation AOC
Division for 4 years where he led a team of up to 200 employees to produce vertical cavity lasers for the data communications industry
at production rates of hundreds of thousands of units per week. Prior to Finisar, Danny was the Director of Operations for multiple divisions
of Honeywell International. Serving the Automotive, Medical, Aerospace, and Consumer Commercial Markets. During this 17-year period,
Danny was recognized with Honeywell s Lund Award, their highest award for developing employee resources. Danny has a broad experience
level in the following technologies: Mechanical Assembly Processes, Micro-Electronic Assembly Processes, Laser Manufacturing, Plastic
Molding, Metal Machining, Plating, Thick Film Printing, Surface Mount Technology, Hall Effect Technology and MEMS based Pressure Devices.
Danny received a Bachelor s of Science in Manufacturing Engineering Technology from the University of Nebraska, an MBA from Southern
Methodist University, and holds three U.S. patents. The Board of Directors has determined that Danny is suited to sit on our Board because
of his industry experience and as he is the CEO. 

64 

Karen
L. Hawkins (56) . On November 19, 2014, Karen Hawkins was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Hawkins had previously
served as our Vice President, Finance and Controller, since the date of the reorganization, March 30, 2009 and was the controller of
Optex Systems, Inc. (Delaware), effective September 28, 2009. She began her employment with Optex Systems, Inc. (Texas) in April 2007.
Ms. Hawkins has over 30 years experience in Financial Accounting and Management, primarily focused in the Defense and Transportation
Industries. She has a strong background in both Financial Cost Accounting, with extensive Government Pricing, Financial Analysis,
and Internal Auditing experience. Her past history also includes Program Management, Materials Management and Business Development. She
brings over 25 years direct experience in Government Contracting with a strong knowledge of Cost Accounting Standards Board and
Federal Acquisition Regulation. Her previous employment includes General Dynamics Ordinance and Tactical Division, Garland (formerly
known as Intercontinental Manufacturing) for over 13 years from November, 1994 through March, 2007. During her tenure there she served
in the roles of Controller (Accounting IT), Program Manager over a 250M 3-year Army Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (Indefinite
Delivery/Indefinite Quantity) type contract, as well as Materials Manager with oversight of Purchasing, Production Control Warehousing
functions. Prior to her employment at General Dynamics, Ms. Hawkins served in various finance and accounting positions at Luminator,
a Mark IV Industries Co, and Johnson Controls, Battery Division - Garland. Karen received her Bachelor s Degree in Business Administration
in Accounting from Stephen F. Austin State University in Texas in 1986 and became a Certified Public Accountant in 1992. 

Bill
Bates (59). Mr. Bates joined the Company in 2014. He has thirty-five years of experience related to optical component and system
manufacturing. He is currently the General Manager of the Applied Optics Center in Dallas, Texas where he oversees the Thin-film Coating
and Optical Assembly Operations where he has served since November of 2014. He has held various positions throughout his thirty-five
years of experience within Litton Industries, Northrop Grumman Corporation, and L-3 Communications. He previously served as Vice President
and General Manager within the Warrior Systems Division of L-3 Communications. Mr. Bates received a Bachelor of Science of Business Administration
from DeVry University and an MBA from the University of Texas at Dallas. 

R.
Rimmy Malhotra (46) joined the Board in November 2019 and holds the role of Compensation Committee Chair. Rimmy currently manages
The Nicoya Fund, an investment partnership whose partners include, high net worth individuals, entrepreneurs and family offices and has
acted in that capacity since 2013. He currently serves as Vice-Chairman of HireQuest, Inc., a NASDAQ listed staffing operator. He holds
an MBA from The Wharton School in Finance, MA in International Affairs from The University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Science
in Computer Science from Johns Hopkins University. The Board of Directors has determined that Rimmy is suited to sit on our Board because
of his experience with public equities and financial matters. 

Lawrence
F. Hagenbuch (55) joined the Board in November 2019 and holds the role of Audit Committee Chair. Larry is currently a Managing
Director at Huron Consulting Group. Prior to that, Larry was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for J. Hilburn,
Inc., a custom clothier for men from December 2009 to May 2019. He served on the board of directors of Remy International (REMY) from
November 2008 until that company s sale to BorgWarner in November 2015, where he served on the audit and compensation committees.
Larry also currently served on the board of director of Arotech (ARTX) prior to its sale to Greenrbiar Partners. Larry currently serves
on the board of directors for HireQuest (HQI). Larry has served in senior management positions for SunTx Capital Partners, Alix Partners,
GE / GE Capital, and American National Can Group, Inc. Larry began his professional career in the United States Navy. The Board of Directors
has determined that Larry is suited to sit on our Board because of his operating experience at both large and growth-oriented companies,
in addition to his experience as a director of other public companies. 

Dale
E. Lehmann (63) joined the Board in November 2019 as an industry expert having over 30 years of management, strategy, product
development, delivery and operational experience in the electro-optical industry. Dale was the Director of Business Development 
Strategy for General Dynamics Global Imaging Technologies Group from 2014 through 2017. Prior to that, Dale was the Senior Vice President
 General Manager of the Infrared Products Group for L-3 Communications/Cincinnati Electronics from 1995 through 2014. Dale currently
sits on the Board of Directors for Adimec USA, a provider of application specific imaging solutions. The Board of Directors has determined
that Dale is suited to sit on our Board because of his experience with companies in similar industries. 

65 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the officers and directors. 

Corporate
Governance 

Our
board of directors believes that sound governance practices and policies provide an important framework to assist them in fulfilling
their duty to stockholders. Our board of directors actively supports management s adoption and implementation of many best
practices in the area of corporate governance, including annual review of internal control changes, compensation practices, executive
management and auditor retention. In the year ended October 3, 2021, all directors attended a minimum of 75 of the meetings of the board
of directors and of the committees on which they served. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which has been distributed to all directors, and executive officers,
and will be distributed to employees and will be given to new employees at the time of hire. The Financial Code of Ethics contains a
number of provisions that apply principally to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and other key accounting
and financial personnel. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found under the Investor Relations section
of our website www.optexsys.com under the section for corporate governance. We also intend to disclose any amendments or waivers
of our Code on our website. 

Board
Meetings 

We
are incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. The interests of our stockholders are represented by the board of directors,
which oversees our business and management. 

The
board of directors meets regularly during the year and holds special meetings and acts by unanimous written consent whenever circumstances
require. The board held four meetings (including special meetings) and took action by unanimous written consent one time during our fiscal
year ended October 3, 2021. 

Board
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that three of our directors (all except Mr. Schoening) would meet the independence requirements of
the Nasdaq Capital Market, if such standards applied to the Company. In reaching its conclusions, the board of directors considered all
relevant facts and circumstances with respect to any direct or indirect relationships between the Company and each of the directors. 

Board
Committees 

The
Company has a separately-designated audit committee, of which Larry Hagenbuch serves as the chair and the audit committee financial
expert. The Company has a separately-designated compensation committee, of which Rimmy Malhotra serves as the chair. The Company
has a separately-designated nominating committee, of which Dale Lehman serves as the chair. Each committee consists of independent directors
Larry Hagenbuch, Rimmy Malhotra and Dale Lehmann. 

66 

Board
Nominations 

Stockholders
wishing to bring a nomination for a director candidate before a stockholders meeting must give written notice to our Corporate Secretary,
either by personal delivery or by United States mail, postage prepaid. The stockholder s notice must be received by the Corporate
Secretary not later than (a) with respect to an Annual Meeting of Stockholders, 90 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately
preceding annual meeting, and (b) with respect to a special meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, the close of business
on the tenth day following the date on which notice of the meeting is first given to stockholders. The stockholder s notice must
set forth all information relating to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate that is required to be disclosed under applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC, including the written consent of the person proposed to be nominated to being named in the proxy statement
as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected. The stockholder s notice must also set forth as to the stockholder making
the nomination (i) the name and address of the stockholder, (ii) the number of shares held by the stockholder, (iii) a representation
that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Optex Systems Holdings, entitled to vote at the meeting and intends to appear
in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person named in the notice, and (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings
between the stockholder and each nominee. 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board of Directors 

Stockholders
may communicate directly with the board of directors or any board member by writing to them at Optex Systems Holdings, Inc., 1420 Presidential
Drive, Richardson, TX 75081. The outside of the envelope should prominently indicate that the correspondence is intended for the board
of directors or for a specific director. The secretary will forward all such written communications to the director to whom it is addressed
or, if no director is specified, to the entire board of directors. 

Director
Attendance at Annual Meetings of Stockholders 

Directors
are encouraged to attend annual meetings, although such attendance is not required. All four directors attended the Company s 2021
Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Delinquent
Section 16 Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of equity securities
to, within specified time periods, file certain reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based solely on its review
of the copies of such forms received by it, the Company believes that, during its most recently completed fiscal year ended on October
3, 2021, all Section 16(a) reports required to be filed by its officers, directors, and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were
timely filed, except that (1) two reports were filed late by Dale Lehman, reporting seven late transactions, (2) one report was filed
late by Rimmy Malhotra, reporting one late transaction and (3) one report was filed late by Ephraim Fields, reporting one late transaction. 

Item
11 Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth, for the years indicated, all compensation paid, distributed or accrued for services, including salary and
bonus amounts, rendered in all capacities by our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and all other executive officers
who received or are entitled to receive remuneration in excess of 100,000 during the stated periods. These officers are referred to
herein as the named executive officers. Except as provided below, none of our executive officers received annual compensation
in excess of 100,000 during the last three fiscal years. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Non-Equity
Incentive Compensation ) 
 Stock 
Awards ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

2021 
 271,515 
 - 
 65,340 
 120 
 336,975 
 
 Danny Schoening, 
 2020 
 284,645 
 47,632 
 65,835 
 - 
 398,112 
 
 CEO, COO Board Chairman 
 2019 
 279,504 
 74,719 
 73,740 
 - 
 427,963 

2021 
 199,500 
 - 
 21,780 
 120 
 221,400 
 
 Karen Hawkins 
 2020 
 205,425 
 37,158 
 21,945 
 - 
 264,528 
 
 CFO 
 2019 
 201,537 
 53,924 
 24,580 
 - 
 280,041 

2021 
 149,002 
 - 
 35,411 
 120 
 184,533 
 
 Bill Bates 
 2020 
 150,834 
 23,014 
 31,076 
 - 
 204,924 
 
 AOC General Manager 
 2019 
 148,269 
 22,236 
 15,675 
 - 
 186,180 

67 

(1) 
 On
 June 15, 2016, the Company issued 150,000 RSUs to its Chief Executive Officer, Danny Schoening, and 50,000 RSUs to its Chief Financial
 Officer, Karen Hawkins. The RSUs issued to Mr. Schoening and Ms. Hawkins vest as follows: 34 on January 1, 2017, 33 on January
 1, 2018 and 33 on January 1, 2019. The total market value of the restricted stock units based on the share price of 1.85 as of
 June 15, 2016 is 372 thousand. The restricted stock units were fully vested on January 1, 2019. On June 15, 2017, the Company issued
 50,000 RSUs to its General Manager (Applied Optical Products). The RSUs issued to Mr. Bates vest as follows: 34 on January 1, 2018,
 33 on January 1, 2019 and 33 on January 1, 2020. The total market value of the restricted stock units granted to Mr. Bates based
 on the share price of 0.95 as of June 15, 2017 is 47.5 thousand. On January 2, 2019, the Company issued 150,000 RSUs to its Chief
 Executive Officer, Danny Schoening, and 50,000 RSUs to its Chief Financial Officer, Karen Hawkins. The RSUs issued to Mr. Schoening
 and Ms. Hawkins vest as follows: 34 on January 1, 2020, 33 on January 1, 2021 and 33 on January 1, 2022. The total market value
 of the restricted stock units based on the share price of 1.32 as of January 2, 2019 is 264 thousand. The cost of the shares is
 amortized on a straight-line basis across the vesting periods. On December 1, 2021 the Company executed an amended and restated twelve-month
 employment agreement for Danny Schoening, effective as of December 1, 2021 and expiring on November 30, 2022. The amended agreement
 modifies the Restricted Stock Unit RSU Agreement vesting requirements for his remaining 49,500 unvested units from
 January 1, 2022 to vesting upon a Change of Control Date as defined in the employment agreement. The amounts in the
 Stock awards column reflect the dollar amounts recognized as the executive portion of compensation expense for financial
 statement reporting purposes for each named executive officer, as required by FASB ASC 718, disregarding any estimates for forfeitures
 relating to service-based vesting conditions. 

Employment
Agreements 

Danny
Schoening 

The
Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Danny Schoening dated December 1, 2021. The term of the agreement
commenced as of December 1, 2021 and the current term ends on November 30, 2022. Mr. Schoening s base salary is 296,031 per annum.
Mr. Schoening will be eligible for a performance bonus based upon a rolling three-year operating plan adopted by the Company s
Board of Directors. The bonus will be based on operating metrics decided annually by our Board and tied to such three-year plan. The
target bonus equates to 30 of Mr. Schoening s base salary. Our Board will have discretion in good faith to alter the performance
bonus upward or downward by 20 . 

The
updated employment agreement also served to amend Mr. Schoening s RSU Agreement, dated January 2, 2019, by changing the third and
final vesting date for the restricted stock units granted under such agreement from January 2, 2022 to the change of control date, 
that being the first of the following to occur with respect to the Company: (i) any Person, as that term is defined in
Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), with certain exclusions,
is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly,
of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding
securities; or (ii) the Company is merged or consolidated with any other corporation or other entity, other than: (A) a merger or consolidation
which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting
power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or
(B) the Company engages in a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction)
in which no Person (as defined above) acquires fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s
then outstanding securities. The amended RSU Agreement contains certain exceptions to the definition of change of control. 

68 

The
employment agreement events of termination consist of: (i) death or permanent disability of Mr. Schoening; (ii) termination by the Company
for cause (including conviction of a felony, commission of fraudulent acts, willful misconduct by Mr. Schoening, continued failure to
perform duties after written notice, violation of securities laws and breach of the employment agreement), (iii) termination by the Company
without cause and (iv) termination by Mr. Schoening for good reason (including breach by the Company of its obligations under the agreement,
the requirement for Mr. Schoening to move more than 100 miles away for his employment without consent, and merger or consolidation that
results in more than 66 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities or those of its successor changing
ownership or a sale of all or substantially all of its assets, without the surviving entity assuming the obligations under the agreement).
For a termination by the Company for cause or upon death or permanent disability of Mr. Schoening, Mr. Schoening will be paid salary
and for a termination due to his death or permanent disability, also any bonus earned through the date of termination. For a termination
by the Company without cause or by Mr. Schoening with good reason, Mr. Schoening will also be paid six months base salary in effect
and, if such termination occurs prior to a change of control, Mr. Schoening will not automatically forfeit the unvested RSUs until and
unless the change of control does not occur by March 13, 2023. 

On
 December 15, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an executive bonus for Danny Schoening, CEO of 48 thousand to
 be paid January 2021. 

In
 January 2021 Danny Schoening agreed to a temporary salary reduction of 8 from February 20, 2021 through October 1, 2021. 

Karen
Hawkins 

On
August 4, 2016, our Board of Directors approved an employment agreement for Karen Hawkins, Chief Financial Officer, dated as of August
1, 2016. This agreement has the following salient terms: 

The
term of the agreement commenced on August 1, 2016, and the current term expires on June 30, 2022 and automatically renews for subsequent
18-month periods unless Ms. Hawkins or we give notice of termination at least 90 days before the end of the term then in effect. 

On
each subsequent renewal date of the commencement of employment, Ms. Hawkins base salary shall be reviewed by the Board
and may be increased to such rate as the Board, in its sole discretion, may hereafter from time to time determine and Ms. Hawkins is
entitled to annual bonuses of up to 30 of her base salary as approved by the Board. 

Ms.
Hawkins is entitled to 20 days vacation and all other benefits accorded to our other senior executives. 

The
employment agreement events of termination consist of: (i) death of Ms. Hawkins; (ii) termination by the Company for cause (including
conviction of a felony, commission of fraudulent acts, willful misconduct by Ms. Hawkins, continued failure to perform duties after written
notice, violation of securities laws and breach of the employment agreement), (iii) termination by the Company without cause and (iv)
termination by Ms. Hawkins for good reason (including breach by the Company of its obligations under the agreement, the requirement for
Ms. Hawkins to move more than 100 miles away for her employment without consent, and merger or consolidation that results in more than
66 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities or those of its successor changing ownership or a
sale of all or substantially all of its assets, without the surviving entity assuming the obligations under the agreement). For a termination
by the Company for cause or upon death of Ms. Hawkins, Ms. Hawkins will be paid salary and bonus earned through the date of termination.
For a termination by the Company without cause or by Ms. Hawkins with good reason, Ms. Hawkins will also be paid six months base
salary in effect and all granted stock options shall remain exercisable for a period of two years after such termination, with all unvested
stock options immediately vesting. The agreement contains a standard non-solicitation and non-compete agreement that extends for one
year subsequent to termination thereof. 

On
 December 15, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an executive bonus for Karen Hawkins, CFO of 37 thousand to be
 paid in December 2020. 

In
 January 2021 Karen Hawkins agreed to a temporary salary reduction of 5 from February 20, 2021 through October 1, 2021 at which time
 her salary was reinstated to 205,425 per annum. 

We
do not have any other employment agreements with our executive officers. 

69 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Option
Compensation Plan 

We
currently have an option compensation plan covering the issuance of both incentive and non-statutory options, determined at the time
of grant, for the purchase of up to 75,000 shares, which was increased from 50,000 shares on December 19, 2013. The purpose of the Plan
is to assist us in attracting and retaining highly competent employees and to act as an incentive in motivating selected officers and
other employees of us and our subsidiaries, and directors and consultants of us and our subsidiaries, to achieve long-term corporate
objectives. On December 19, 2013, the Board of Directors authorized the grant of 20,000 options to three board members and a grant of
5,000 to an officer. 

As
of September 29, 2019, there were 25,000 fully vested stock options outstanding at an exercise price of 10 per share and an expiration
date of December 18, 2020. During the twelve months ended September 27, 2020, all 25,000 outstanding stock options were repurchased at
 0.01 per option for a total transaction of 250. There were no new grants of stock options during the twelve months ended October 3,
2021. As of October 3, 2021, there are zero stock options outstanding. 

Restricted
Stock Unit Plan 

On
June 14, 2016, the Compensation Committee Committee of the Board of Directors of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. approved
the Company s 2016 Restricted Stock Unit Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides for the issuance of restricted stock
units RSUs for up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to Optex Systems Holdings officers and employees.
Each RSU constitutes a right to receive one share of the Company s common stock, subject to vesting, which unless otherwise stated
in an RSU agreement, shall vest in equal amounts on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date. Shares of the Company s
common stock underlying the number of vested RSUs will be delivered as soon as practicable after vesting. During the period between grant
and vesting, the RSUs may not be transferred, and the grantee has no rights as a shareholder until vesting has occurred. If the grantee s
employment is terminated for any reason (other than following a change in control of the Company or a termination of an officer other
than for cause), then any unvested RSUs under the award will automatically terminate and be forfeited. If an officer grantee s
employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the grantee for good reason, then, provided that the RSUs have not been previously
forfeited, the remaining unvested portion of the RSUs will immediately vest as of the officer grantee s termination date. In the
event of a change in control, the Company s obligations regarding outstanding RSUs shall, on such terms as may be approved by the
Committee prior to such event, immediately vest, be assumed by the surviving or continuing company or cancelled in exchange for property
(including cash). 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers at October 3, 2021
and market value as of December 13, 2021. 

70 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested 
 
 Name 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 ) 
 Date 
 (#) 
 ) 
 (#) 
 ) 
 
 Danny Schoening (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 49,500 
 93,555 
 - 
 - 

Karen Hawkins (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 16,500 
 31,185 
 - 
 - 

Bill Bates (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 33,000 
 62,370 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Restricted
 Stock Unit Agreement dated January 2, 2019 and pursuant to amended and restated employment agreement executed on November 1, 2021,
 49,500 restricted stock units will vest upon a Change in Control Date . 

(2) 
 Pursuant
 to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated January 2, 2019, 16,500 shares (33 of 50,000 RSU grant) will vest on January 1, 2022. 

(3) 
 Pursuant
 to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated February 17, 2020, 16,500 shares (33 of 50,000 RSU grant each year) will vest on January
 1, 2022 and on January 1, 2023. 

On
January 2, 2021, the Company issued 58,392 common shares to directors and officers, net of tax withholding of 44 thousand, in settlement
of 83,000 restricted stock units which vested on January 1, 2021. 

As
of October 3, 2021, there are 99,000 outstanding unvested restricted stock units remaining to vest, of which 33,000 will vest as of January
1, 2022, 49,500 will vest upon a Change of Control Date pursuant to terms of Danny Schoening s employment agreement effective as
of December 1, 2021, and the remaining 16,500 will vest on January 1, 2023. 

On
December 1, 2021 the Company executed an amended and restated employment agreement for Danny Schoening, effective as of December 1, 2021
and expiring on November 30, 2022. The amended agreement modifies the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement vesting requirements for his remaining
49,500 unvested units from January 1, 2022 to vesting upon a Change of Control Date as defined in the employment agreement.
In the event of Mr. Schoening s termination without cause, or resignation with good reason prior to expiration of the employment
agreement, any unvested RSUs will continue to be outstanding until the earlier of (i) the Change of Control Date, on which date, if still
outstanding, they vest, or (ii) March 13, 2023, on which date, if still outstanding, they will be forfeited and expire for no consideration.
In the event of termination prior to a Change of Control Date, for any reason other than termination without cause, or resignation with
good reason, any unvested RSUs would be forfeited. For additional information on the amended and restated employment agreement and amended
vesting terms, please see Item 11. Executive Compensation Employment Agreements - Danny Schoening , which
disclosure is incorporated by reference herein. 

71 

Restricted
Shares Issued to Independent Board Members 

On
April 30, 2020, the Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. Board of Directors held a meeting and voted to increase the annual board compensation
for the three independent directors from 22,000 to 36,000 with an effective date of January 1, 2020, in addition to granting 100,000
restricted shares to each independent director which shall vest at a rate of 20 per year (20,000 shares) each January 1 st ,
over the next five years, through January 1, 2025. The total market value for the 300,000 shares is 525 thousand based on the stock
price of 1.75 as of April 30, 2020. The Company will amortize the fair market value to stock compensation expense on a straight-line
basis across the five-year vesting period beginning on April 30, 2020. As of period ended October 3, 2021, 60,000 of the restricted shares
had vested. 

Post-Termination
Compensation 

We
have not entered into change in control agreements with any of our named executive officers or other members of the executive management
team other than the provision with respect to Mr. Schoening and Ms. Hawkins described above. Other than the final tranche of Mr. Schoening s
2019 RSU award, no awards of equity incentives under our equity incentive plans provide for immediate vesting upon a change in control.
However, our Board of Directors has the full and exclusive power to interpret the plans, including the power to accelerate the vesting
of outstanding, unvested awards. A change in control is generally defined as (1) the acquisition by any person of 66 or
more of the combined voting power of our outstanding securities or (2) the occurrence of a transaction requiring stockholder approval
and involving the sale of all or substantially all of our assets or the merger of us with or into another corporation, but has a different
definition for purposes of such 2019 RSU award. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table provides information regarding compensation paid to directors for services rendered during the year ended October 3,
2021. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Vested Restricted Stock Awards (2) 
 Total 
 Compensation 
 
 Rimmy Malhotra 
 36,000 
 35,000 
 71,000 
 
 Larry Hagenbuch 
 36,000 
 35,000 
 71,000 
 
 Dale Lehmann 
 36,000 
 35,000 
 71,000 
 
 Danny Schoening 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Director
 fees paid quarterly. 

(2) 
 Represents
 restricted shares issued to each independent director vesting at a rate of 20 per year. The amounts in the Stock awards 
 column reflect the dollar amounts recognized as the director portion of compensation expense for financial statement reporting purposes
 for each named director, as required by FASB ASC 718, disregarding any estimates for forfeitures relating to service-based vesting
 conditions. 

The
members of our board of directors are actively involved in various aspects of our business ranging from relatively narrow board oversight
functions to providing hands-on guidance to our executives and scientific staff with respect to matters within their personal experience
and expertise. We believe that the active involvement of all directors in our principal business and policy decisions increases our board
of directors understanding of our needs and improves the overall quality of our management decisions. 

With
the exception of Danny Schoening, our directors are compensated separately for service as independent members of our board of directors. 

72 

On
April 30, 2020, the Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. Board of Directors held a meeting and voted to increase the annual board compensation
for the three independent directors from 22,000 to 36,000 with an effective date of January 1, 2020, in addition to granting 100,000
restricted shares to each independent director which shall vest at a rate of 20 per year (20,000 shares) each January 1 st ,
over the next five years, through January 1, 2025. The total market value for the 300,000 shares is 525 thousand based on the stock
price of 1.75 as of April 30, 2020. As of period ended October 3, 2021, 60,000 (20 of the restricted shares had vested. 

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

On
December 13, 2021, we had 8,462,310 shares of common stock outstanding, zero options, zero warrants, and 99,000 granted and unvested
restricted stock units. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our securities
as of December 13, 2021, for (i) each of our directors and executive officers; (ii) all of our directors and executive officers as a
group; and (iii) each person who we know beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock. 

Beneficial
ownership data in the table has been calculated based on Commission rules that require us to identify all securities that are exercisable
or convertible into shares of our common stock within 60 days of December 13, 2021 and treat the underlying stock as outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of the holder. 

Except
as indicated by the footnotes following the table, and subject to applicable community property laws, each person identified in the table
possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to all capital stock held by that person. The address of each named executive
officer and director, unless indicated otherwise by footnote, is c/o our corporate headquarters. 

Except
as otherwise set forth below, the address of each of the persons listed below is our address. 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Percentage of Outstanding Shares 

5 Holders 
 Ephraim Fields (1) 
 1,154,399 
 13.6 

Dayton Judd, Sudbury Holdings LLC (2) 
 845,000 
 9.9 

Directors and Officers: 
 Danny Schoening (3) 
 834,030 
 9.8 

Karen Hawkins (4) 
 250,144 
 2.9 

Bill Bates (5) 
 62,631 
 0.7 

Rimmy Malhotra (6)(7) 
 195,210 
 2.3 

Larry Hagenbuch (7) 
 110,000 
 1.3 

Dale Lehmann (7) 
 166,558 
 2.0 

Directors and officers as a group (6 Individuals) (8) 
 
 1,618,573 
 19.0 

1 
 Represents
 1,154,399 common shares reported as held by Ephraim Fields located at 265 East 66th Street #42E, New York, NY 10065 as per SEC Form
 4/A (filed on September 1, 2021). 

2 
 Represents
 820,000 common shares reported as held by Sudbury Holdings, LLC and controlled by Dayton Judd who also holds an additional 25,000
 shares for a total combined holding of 845,000 shares. Both are located at 136 Oak Trail, Coppell, TX 75019 as per SEC Schedule 13D
 (filed on September 7, 2021). 

3 
 Includes
 common shares held of 834,030. 

4 
 Includes
 common shares held of 233,644 and restricted stock units of 16,500 expected to vest on January 1, 2022. 

73 

5 
 Includes
 common shares held of 46,131 and restricted stock units of 16,500 expected to vest on January 1, 2022. 

6 
 Includes
 76,900 shares held by Nicoya Capital and controlled by Rimmy Malhotra. 

7 
 Includes
 80,000 unvested restricted shares for each independent director. 

8 
 Represents
 common shares held by Danny Schoening, Karen Hawkins, Bill Bates, Rimmy Malhotra, Larry Hagenbuch and Dale Lehmann. 

Information
with respect to our equity compensation plans 

2009
Stock Option Plan 

Optex
Systems Holdings adopted its 2009 Stock Option Plan on March 26, 2009. On December 9, 2011, the Board of Directors of Optex Systems Holdings,
Inc. authorized an amendment to its Stock Option Plan to increase the number of issuable shares from 6,000 to 50,000 and authorized the
grant of 10,000 options to two board members and a total of 36,070 to Optex Systems Holdings employees including 20,000 options to executive
officers. On December 19, 2013, the Board of Directors of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. authorized an amendment to its Stock Option Plan
to increase the number of issuable shares from 50,000 to 75,000. As of October 3, 2021, there were no outstanding options. 

2016
Restricted Stock Unit Plan 

On
June 14, 2016, our Compensation Committee approved our 2016 Restricted Stock Unit Plan. This plan provides for issuance of restricted
stock units RSUs for up to 1,000,000 shares of our common stock. Each RSU constitutes a right to receive one share of
our common stock, subject to vesting, which unless otherwise stated in an RSU agreement, shall vest in equal amounts on the first, second
and third anniversary of the grant date. Shares of our common stock underlying the number of vested RSUs will be delivered as soon as
practicable after vesting. During the period between grant and vesting, the RSUs may not be transferred, and the grantee has no rights
as a shareholder until vesting has occurred. If the grantee s employment is terminated for any reason (other than following a change
in control of us or a termination of an officer other than for cause), then any unvested RSUs under the award will automatically terminate
and be forfeited. If an officer grantee s employment is terminated by us without cause or by the grantee for good reason, then,
provided that the RSUs have not been previously forfeited, the remaining unvested portion of the RSUs will immediately vest as of the
officer grantee s termination date. In the event of a change in control, our obligations regarding outstanding RSUs shall, on such
terms as may be approved by the Committee prior to such event, immediately vest, be assumed by the surviving or continuing company or
cancelled in exchange for property (including cash). 

On
December 1, 2021 the Company executed an amended and restated employment agreement for Danny Schoening, effective as of December 1, 2021
and expiring on November 30, 2022. The amended agreement modifies the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement vesting requirements for his remaining
49,500 unvested units from January 1, 2022 to vesting upon a Change of Control Date as defined in the employment agreement.
In the event of Mr. Schoening s termination without cause, or resignation with good reason prior to expiration of the employment
agreement, any unvested RSUs will continue to be outstanding until the earlier of (i) the Change of Control Date, on which date, if still
outstanding, they vest, or (ii) March 13, 2023, on which date, if still outstanding, they will be forfeited and expire for no consideration.
In the event of termination prior to a Change of Control Date, for any reason other than termination without cause, or resignation with
good reason, any unvested RSUs would be forfeited. For additional information on the amended and restated employment agreement and amended
vesting terms, please see Item 11. Executive Compensation Employment Agreements - Danny Schoening , which
disclosure is incorporated by reference herein. 

74 

As
of October 3, 2021, there are 99,000 outstanding unvested restricted stock units remaining to vest of which 33,000 will vest on January
1, 2021, and 500,000 authorized restricted stock units from the 2016 Restricted Stock Unit Plan remaining to be granted at a future date. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Table 

The
following table provides information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise, vesting and/ or settlement of securities
outstanding under all our existing equity compensation plans as of October 3, 2021: 

Plan category 
 (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 NA 
 NA 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 99,000 
 - 
 500,000 
 
 Total 
 99,000 
 - 
 500,000 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

None. 

Transactions
with Executive Management 

See
the Executive Compensation section for a discussion of the material elements of compensation awarded to, earned by or paid
to our named executive officers. Other than as stated in the Executive Compensation section, we have not entered into any
transactions with executive management. 

Director
Independence 

As
of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the Company has three independent directors, as such term is defined under NASDAQ standards
and one non independent director. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following table sets forth the fees paid to date for audit services rendered during fiscal years ended October 3, 2021 and September
27, 2020, respectively. 

Fee Category 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 101,786 
 89,802 

Tax Fees 
 8,500 
 7,613 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees are fees for professional services performed for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and review of consolidated
 financial statements included in our 10-Q filings for the fiscal years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020, respectively. 

75 

Item
15. Exhibits 

(a)(1)
 
 Financial
 Statements. The following financial statements of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. are included in Part II, Item 8: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020 

Consolidated
 Statement of Stockholders Equity for the years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 3, 2021 and September 27, 2020 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. 

All
 schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated
 financial statements or notes thereto. 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits. 

See
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of the March 30, 2009, by and between registrant, a Delaware corporation and Optex Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (1) . 

3.1 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation, as amended to date 

3.2 
 Bylaws of Optex Systems Holdings (1) . 

3.3 
 Charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee (6) . 

4.1 
 Description of Capital Stock 

4.2 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (2) 

10.1 
 Lease for 1420 Presidential Blvd., Richardson, TX (1) . 

10.2 
 Third Amendment to Lease, between Aquiport DFWIP and Optex Systems, Inc., dated January 7, 2010 (3) 

10.3 
 Restricted Stock Unit Plan (7) 

10.4 
 Form of RSU Agreement (7) 

10.5 
 Employment Agreement with Karen Hawkins, dated as of August 1, 2016 (5) 

10.6 
 Form of Lease (8) 

10.7 
 Form of Letter of Credit (8) 

76 

10.8 
 
 Form of Award/Contract between the Company and US DLA, dated July 3, 2017 (9) 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement with Danny Schoening, dated December 1, 2021 (10) 

10.10 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Lease Agreement 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to Lease 

10.13 
 
 BBVA Business Loan Agreement (11) 

10.14 
 
 BBVA Letter of Credit 

10.15 
 
 2009 Stock option Plan (4) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (2) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries Optex Systems, Inc. (1) 

31.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 3, 2009. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 19, 2009 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 14, 2010 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 3, 2009. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 10, 2016 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference from our Amendment No. 1 to
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 23, 2015 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 17, 2016 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2016 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2017 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 7, 2021 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 20, 2020 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

77 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Danny Schoening 

Danny
 Schoening, Principal Executive Officer and Director 

Date:
 December 20, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Karen Hawkins 

Karen
 Hawkins, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Date:
 December 20, 2021 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Danny Schoening 

Danny
 Schoening 
 
 Chairman,
 Principal Executive Officer and Director 
 
 December
 20, 2021 

/s/
 Karen Hawkins 

Karen
 Hawkins 
 
 Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 December
 20, 2021 

/s/
 Larry Hagenbuch 

Larry
 Hagenbuch 
 
 Director

December
 20, 2021 

/s/
 Rimmy Malhotra 

Rimmy
 Malhotra 
 
 Director

December 20, 2021 

/s/
 Dale Lehmann 

Dale
 Lehmann 
 
 Director

December 20, 2021 

78 

<EX-3.1>
 4
 ex3-1.htm

Exhibit 3.1 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.1>
 5
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Introduction 

The
following is a summary of information concerning the capital stock of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. (the Company ). This
discussion is subject to the relevant provisions of Delaware law and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Certificate
of Designation ), Certificate of Designation, Number, Powers, Preferences and Relative, Participating, Optional, and other Special
Rights and the Qualifications, Limitations, Restrictions, and other Distinguishing Characteristics of Series B Preferred Stock Series
B Certificate of Designation ), and Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock Series C Certificate of Designation ). The Company s Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Series A Certificate
of Designation, Series B Certificate of Designation and Series C Certificate of Designation include more details regarding the provisions
described below and other provisions. The Company has filed copies of those documents with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

The
Company s authorized capital stock consists of 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common
Stock ), and 5,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share Preferred Stock ), of which (i) 1,027 are
designed as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Shares ), (ii) 1,010 are designed as Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock Series B Shares ), and (iii) 400 are designed as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Shares ). 

Common
Stock 

Dividends .
Holders of shares of our Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Company s Board of
Directors (the Board at its discretion out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to the preferential rights
of any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends depends on the Company s
financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt service obligations, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints,
industry practice and other factors that the Board deems relevant. The Company s Board makes all decisions regarding its payment
of dividends from time-to-time in accordance with applicable law. 

Voting
Rights . The holders of the Company s Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted
to a vote of the stockholders. With certain exceptions, a majority of the votes cast at a stockholder meeting at which a quorum is present
must approve all stockholder matters. Except with respect to vacancies or new directorships, the Company s Bylaws provide that
directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors at a stockholder meeting at which a quorum is present.
The holders of the Company s Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights for the election of directors or for any other purpose. 

Other
Rights . Subject to any preferential liquidation rights of holders of Preferred Stock that may be outstanding, upon the Company s
dissolution, the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in its assets legally available for distribution to the Company s
stockholders. The holders of the Common Stock do not have preemptive rights or preferential rights to subscribe for shares of the Company s
capital stock. 

Fully
Paid . The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Any additional shares of Common Stock
that may be issued in the future will also be fully paid and non-assessable. 

Undesignated
Preferred Stock 

The
Company currently has no outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, with all previously issued Series A Shares, Series B Shares and Series
C Shares having been converted or redeemed. The Board has no present intention to issue any shares of Preferred Stock. The Company is
authorized to issue up to 5,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more class or series. An aggregate of 2,437 shares of Preferred Stock
were previously designated as Series A Shares, Series B Shares or Series C Shares, so only 2,563 shares of authorized Preferred Stock
remain available for issuance in a new class or series. The Board, without further action by the holders of the Common Stock, may issue
shares of Preferred Stock. The Board is vested with the authority to fix by resolution the designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of any Preferred Stock issued, including, without
limitation, redemption rights, dividend rights, liquidation preferences and conversion or exchange rights of any class or series of Preferred
Stock, and to fix the number of classes or series of Preferred Stock, the number of shares constituting each class or series and the
voting powers for each class or series. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and Delaware Law 

The
Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing another party from acquiring control of it and encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral
takeover proposals to negotiate with the Company s Board rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions
include the items described below. 

Filling
Vacancies. Any vacancy on the Board, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the Board,
may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board s directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. The treatment
of vacancies may have the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of the Board. 

Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law . The Company is subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with
an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder,
unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and
an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: 

before
 the stockholder became interested, the Board approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
 becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
 consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
 owned at least 85 of the Company s voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes
 of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans,
 in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or 

at
 or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by the Board and authorized at an annual
 or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not
 owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section
203 defines a business combination to include: 

any
 merger or consolidation involving the Company and the interested stockholder; 

any
 sale, transfer, lease, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the Company s our
 assets; 

subject
 to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the Company of any of its stock to the interested stockholder; 

subject
 to exceptions, any transaction involving the Company that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any
 of the Company s class or series beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and 

the
 receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided
 by or through the Company. 

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the Company and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 

Undesignated
Preferred Stock . The Company s Certificate of Incorporation provides for 5,000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock, with 2,563
of such Preferred Stock remaining available for designation and issuance in a new class or series. The existence of authorized but unissued
shares of Preferred Stock may enable the Board to discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender
offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, the Board were to determine that
a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of the Company s stockholders, the Board could cause shares of Preferred Stock
to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other
rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this regard, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
grants the Board broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock. The issuance
of shares of Preferred Stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of Common
Stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect
of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of the Company. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is Equity Stock Transfer LLC. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol OPXS . 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.10>
 6
 ex10-10.htm

Exhibit 10.10 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 10
 ex10-11.htm

Exhibit 10.11 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.14>
 24
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit 10.14 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-31.1>
 27
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Danny Schoening, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc.: 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Danny Schoening 

Danny
 Schoening 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

Dated:
 December 20, 2021 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 28
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Karen Hawkins, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc.: 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Karen Hawkins 

Karen
 Hawkins 

Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal
 Accounting Officer 

Dated:
 December 20, 2021 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 29
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. (the Company on this Form 10-K for the year ended October
3, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Danny Schoening, Principal
Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Danny Schoening 

Danny
 Schoening 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

Dated:
 December 20, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 30
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. (the Company on this Form 10-K for the year ended October
3, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Karen Hawkins, Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Karen Hawkins 

Karen
 Hawkins 

Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Dated:
 December 20, 2021 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 81
 opxs-20211003.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 83
 opxs-20211003_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 84
 opxs-20211003_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 85
 opxs-20211003_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

