<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211217_10-K_edgar_data_1286459_0001477932-21-009314.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6889869</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>228565</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1004663</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1698981</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1651912</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2192762</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-21-009314.hdr.sgml : 20211217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211217164657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-21-009314
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001286459
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				542145591
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55717
		FILM NUMBER:		211502256

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		236 SARLES ST.
		CITY:			MT. KISCO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10549
		BUSINESS PHONE:		914-574-6174

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		236 SARLES ST.
		CITY:			MT. KISCO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10549

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EARLY EQUINE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-21-009314.txt : 20211217

10-K
 1
 afom_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

afom_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File No. (Name of registrant as specified in its Charter) (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , ) Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant s Telephone Number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of each Exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s last completed second quarter, based upon the closing price of the common stock of 0.001 on such date is .18. As of December 6, 2021, there were shares of the issuer s common stock, par value 0.001, issued and outstanding. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 12 Item 2. Properties 12 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 12 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 12 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 13 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 13 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 14 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 20 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 20 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 20 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 20 Item 9B. Other Information 21 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 22 Item 11. Executive Compensation 23 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 25 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 26 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 26 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 28 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 29 Signatures 30 2 Table of Contents Forward Looking Statements Except for historical information, the following Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve certain risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, (a) discussions about the entertainment industry and trends, (b) our projected sales and profitability, (c) our growth strategies, (d) anticipated trends in our industry, (e) our future financing plans, (f) our anticipated needs for working capital, (g) our lack of operational experience and (h) the benefits related to ownership of our common stock. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Description of Business, as well as in this Report generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the following: economic, social and political conditions, global economic downturns resulting from extraordinary events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other securities industry risks; interest rate risks; liquidity risks; credit risk with clients and counterparties; systems failures, delays and capacity constraints; network security risks; competition; reliance on external service providers; new laws and regulations affecting our business; net capital requirements; extensive regulation, regulatory uncertainties and legal matters; failure to maintain relationships with employees, customers, business partners or governmental entities; the inability to achieve synergies or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with risks and uncertainties detailed in our filings with the SEC. We caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this Report will in fact occur as projected. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Description of Business All for One Media Corp. (the Company was incorporated in the State of Utah on March 2, 2004. The Company is a media and entertainment company focused on creating, launching and marketing original pop music groups commonly referred to as boy bands and girl groups. The Company s former operations were in the business of acquiring, training, and reselling horses with an emphasis in the purchase of thoroughbred weanlings or yearlings that were resold as juveniles. On October 26, 2015, the Company entered into an Asset Exchange Agreement (the Asset Exchange with Crazy For The Boys, LLC CFTB ), a privately held company, and certain members owning membership interest in CFTB whereby the Company acquired certain assets from CFTB in exchange for 5,201,500 shares of the Company s common stock. The assets that were acquired included a movie screenplay, master recordings, trademarks, and web domain names (the CFTB Assets ). On December 7, 2016, the Company organized a subsidiary in the state of Nevada, Crazy for the Boys Movie, LLC CFTB Movie which was created for the sole purpose of financing, producing and commercially exploiting (via all distribution sources and other means of revenue generation) one feature-length motion picture as a coming of age, musical dramedy, entitled Crazy For The Boys and all of its allied, ancillary, subsidiary and merchandising rights. The Company is the Managing Member of CFTB Movie and will have the sole and exclusive right to operate CFTB Movie. In May 2017, the Company entered into an Assignment and Transfer Agreement with Crazy for the Boys GA LLC CFTB GA ), a company organized in the state of Georgia, whereby CFTB GA assigned and transferred all ownership, asset rights and other interest in CFTB GA to CFTB Movie. CFTB GA was created for the sole purpose of producing the one feature-length motion picture entitled Crazy For The Boys in the State of Georgia, in the city of Savannah, which offers production incentives up to 30 of Georgia production expenditures in transferable tax credits. The Georgia tax incentive program is available for qualifying projects, including feature films, television series, commercials, music videos, animation and game development. Consequently, CFTB GA became a wholly owned subsidiary of CFTB Movie and as of December 31, 2018, the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of CFTB GA. Filming for the Movie was completed in July 2017 and the post-production phase was completed in December 2018. 4 Table of Contents All For One Media Corp. is in the business of targeting the lucrative tween demographic across a multitude of entertainment platforms. The Company s primary business objective is to embark on creating, launching and marketing original pop music groups, commonly referred to as boy bands and girl groups, by utilizing both traditional and social media models. All For One Media owns over fifty completed professionally produced master recordings, as well as a full-length motion picture tentatively entitled Drama Drama (formerly with a working title of Crazy For the Boys (the Film that is ready for release. This musical comedy s backstory creates a fictional girl group by the name of Drama Drama , and the Company intends to launch a new girl group with the same name simultaneous to the release of the Film. The Company expects to generate revenues from movie receipts, sales, downloads and streaming of original recorded music, videos, motion pictures, music publishing, live performances, licensed merchandise and corporate sponsorships. On January 17, 2020, our parent entity, entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with, our subsidiary, Carmel Valley Productions Inc. whereby the Company sold 90 of its 100 interest in CVPI and any of the Company s right to receive revenues or repayment from the 100,000 advance on film rights under the terms of the Co-Production and Finance Agreement dated on July 24, 2019, for a total purchase price of 50,000. On February 16, 2021, we entered into an agreement with Quiver Distribution RB USA, Inc Quiver to distribute Distribution Agreement our full-length PG13-rated feature film, Drama Drama, (formerly with a working title of Crazy For the Boys ). Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, rights for all forms of VOD (including but not limited to transactional, subscription and advertising), EST, television, non-theatrical were given to Quiver and all other rights were reserved to the Company including ad-free youtube rights. In addition, after Quiver has deducted its distribution fee and recouped 100 of its actual, direct, arms-length expenses distribution expenses ), 100 of the backed participation shall go to the Company. Further, Quiver shall earn a distribution fee of 20 , increasing to 30 once Quiver has returned 400,000 to the Company. As of September 30, 2021, Quiver had not yet recouped their distribution expenses and we have not realized any revenue. The film, Drama Drama, was released on June 1, 2021, available across all major platforms, including iTunes, Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Vudu, Fandango Now, Comcast, Cox, Spectrum, DirectTV, and Dish, among others. This first window in the release process was SVOD (Streaming) as discussed above and the second window in the release process will be by International Sales, Cable and Broadcast TV. In addition, the Drama Drama Official Soundtrack has been released through all major music streaming platforms on May 18, 2021, including Spotify, Apple Music, and TikTok. As previously discussed, Drama Drama (formerly with a working title of Crazy For the Boys ), the motion picture, has tested well with our target tween and teen demographic in its own right, but has also been designed to serve as a 100-minute launch vehicle for Drama Drama , the girl group. Our goal is to generate revenues related to the Drama Drama franchise from the movie, music, merchandising, live concert performances, and additional sources. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS This investment has a high degree of risk. Before you invest you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed and the value of our stock could go down. This means you could lose all or a part of your investment. RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMPANY An occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations. The occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations. A pandemic typically results in social distancing, travel bans and quarantine, and this may limit access to our facilities, customers, management, support staff and professional advisors. These factors, in turn, may not only impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our goods and services but our overall ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event. Also, it may hamper our efforts to comply with our filing obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We may not achieve profitability or positive cash flow. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow will be dependent upon such factors as our ability to organize and promote concerts. Based upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods because we expect to incur expenses that will exceed revenues for an unknown period of time. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating sufficient revenues to support operations in the future. 5 Table of Contents We have a limited operating history which may not be an indicator of our future results. We are an early-stage company with a limited capital base. We have been engaged in organization and start-up activities related to financing the launch of a girl group band. We have no operating history investors may use to evaluate our future performance. As a result of our limited operating history, our plan for rapid growth, and the increasingly competitive nature of the markets in which we operate, the historical financial data is of limited value in evaluating our future revenue and operating expenses. Our planned expense levels will be based in part on expectations concerning future revenue, which is difficult to forecast accurately based on current plans of expansion and growth. We may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in revenue. Further, general and administrative expenses may increase significantly as we expand operations. To the extent that these expenses precede, or are not rapidly followed by, a corresponding increase in revenue, our business, operating results, and financial condition will suffer. We are dependent on a limited number of proprietary copyrights. We intend to derive all revenue from two properties, the Drama Drama film and the associated soundtrack, which, even if successful, will likely generate revenues for only a limited period of time. Because our licensing revenue is highly subject to the changing trends in the entertainment business, our licensing revenue may be subject to dramatic increases and decreases. Nevertheless, we feel that by promoting these two properties to launch our brand, we can successfully leverage the maturity of social media to connect tweens with content that is relevant and with which they can identify. We plan to expand our operations with other films and the creation of a girl band and boy band. Competition in the entertainment industry may make it difficult to succeed long-term. The recorded music, motion picture, and music publishing industries are highly competitive. Our competition includes major media and entertainment studios, independent film and music production companies, and television networks, both generally and concurrently at the time of release of our respective content. We compete with larger production studios that are better capitalized, who can fund projects based on the returns of prior productions. We will compete with these companies for artists, talent, airtime, and space in retail outlets. We are not at present, and do not expect in the foreseeable future to be, a significant participant in this marketplace. The market for music and movie production, distribution, and marketing is very competitive, and our lack of experience, compared to that of these competitors, may impair our ability to successfully produce content that creates a positive return on investment. Furthermore, we face indirect competition from alternative forms of leisure, such as travel, sporting events, outdoor recreation, and other cultural activities. The entertainment industry is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to constant change. Other entertainment companies currently offer one or more of each of the types of products and services we plan to offer. In addition, our music and motion picture productions will compete for audience acceptance and exhibition outlets with music and motion pictures produced and distributed by other larger, more established companies. As a result, the success of any of our recorded music products or motion pictures is dependent not only on the quality and acceptance of a particular production, but also on numerous independent companies with whom we may partner. Some of our competitors in the music business will include Motown, Time Warner Inc., Universal Music Group, Sony BMG, and EMI, and numerous independent companies. We expect that our film business will compete with well-established companies, including MGM, DreamWorks, Time Warner Inc., Sony, Paramount, and Universal, as well as numerous small independent companies, all of which produce, develop or market films, DVDs, television, and cable programming. The Company must respond successfully to ongoing changes in the U.S. video entertainment industry and consumer viewing patterns to remain competitive. The Company expects that a substantial portion of its revenues and profits will be derived from the production and licensing of video entertainment offerings. The U.S. video entertainment industry is evolving, with developments in technology leading to new video services that are experiencing rapid growth, resulting in higher overall video content consumption as well as a shift in consumer viewing patterns as consumers seek more control over when, where, and how they view video content. These changes pose risks to the traditional U.S. television industry and some of the Company s business models, including the disruption of the traditional television content delivery model by video streaming services, some of which are growing rapidly. The Company s strategy to address these risks, including continuing to produce high-quality original content, and investing in technology and working with partners to enhance our content offerings, may not be successful. The Company may incur significant costs to implement its strategy and respond to and mitigate the risks from these changes, and, if not successful, could experience a significant adverse impact on the Company s competitive position, businesses and results of operations. The popularity of content is difficult to predict and can change rapidly and low public acceptance of the Company s content will adversely affect its results of operations. The revenues expected from the sale, distribution, and licensing of television programming, feature films, music, and other content will depend primarily on widespread public acceptance of that content, which is difficult to predict and can change rapidly. The Company must invest substantial amounts in the production and marketing of its content before it learns whether such content will reach anticipated levels of popularity with consumers. The popularity of the Company s content depends on many factors, only some of which are within the Company s control. Examples include the popularity of competing content (including locally-produced content internationally), the availability of alternative forms of leisure and entertainment activities, the Company s ability to maintain or develop strong brand awareness and target key audiences and the Company s ability to successfully anticipate (and timely adapt its content to) changes in consumer tastes in the countries and territories in which the Company operates. Low public acceptance of the Company s content will adversely affect its results of operations. 6 Table of Contents Generally, feature films that perform well upon initial release also have commercial success in subsequent distribution channels. Therefore, the underperformance of a feature film, especially an event film, upon its public release can result in lower than expected revenues for the Company from the license of the film to broadcast and cable networks. If a new event film fails to achieve commercial success upon release, it may limit the Company s ability to create new content. The failure to develop successful new content could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. Consumer purchasing habits are not consistent throughout the year. Sales of music and licensed goods concepts are seasonal, with a high percentage of retail sales occurring during the third and fourth quarters of the calendar year. As a result of the seasonal nature of our industry, we would be significantly and adversely affected by unforeseen events that negatively impact the retail environment or consumer buying patterns, particularly if such events were to impact the key-selling season. Some initiatives to respond to and address the changes to the U.S. entertainment industry and consumer viewing and listening patterns may be outside the Company s control. While the Company supports the development of better consumer interfaces, the development and implementation of these interfaces are often outside the Company s control. In addition, the Company may not be able to introduce new business models and products to enhance the value of its content without the cooperation of affiliates or other partners. Advances in technology may have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Advances in technology may affect the manner in which entertainment content is distributed to consumers. These changes, which might affect the entertainment industry as a whole, include the proliferation of digital music players, cloud-based services that allow consumers to download and store single songs, and pay-per-view movie services. These developments have created new outlets for consumers to purchase entertainment content. These new outlets may affect the quantity of entertainment products available for purchase and may reduce the amount that consumers are willing to pay for particular products. As a result, there could be a negative impact on our ability to sell DVDs and CDs. Any failure to adapt our business model to these changes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Our success will depend on external factors in the music and film industries. Operating in the music and film industries involves a substantial degree of risk. Each planned girl group and boy band music project or film production is an individual artistic work, and unpredictable audience reactions determine commercial success. The commercial success of a music or film project also depends on: the quality and acceptance of other competing records or films released into the marketplace at or near the same time; critical reviews; the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure activities; general economic conditions; and various other tangible and intangible factors. Each of these factors is subject to change and cannot be predicted with certainty. There can be no assurance that our planned music and film projects will receive favorable ratings or reviews or that consumers will purchase our entertainment products and services. The Company s results of operations may be adversely affected if the Company s efforts to increase sales of its video content and make digital ownership of content more compelling to consumers are not successful. Several factors have contributed to an industry-wide decline in sales of home entertainment products in physical formats in recent years, including consumers shifting to on demand video subscriptions and electronic purchases and rentals; consumers electing to rent films using discount rental kiosks; changing retailer strategies and initiatives e.g. , reduction in floor space devoted to home entertainment products in physical formats); retail store closures; weak economic conditions; increasing competition for consumer discretionary time and spending; and piracy. The Company s efforts to offset the decline in sales of home entertainment products in physical formats and to make digital ownership of content more attractive to consumers may not be successful or may take several more years to become successful. 7 Table of Contents The Company may be adversely affected if distributors fail to adequately promote our creative projects. Decisions regarding the timing of release and promotional support of our girl group and boy band music, music video, motion picture, television, and related licensing products are important in determining the success of the Company. As with most production companies, we do not control the manner in which our distributing partners distribute our content to final consumers. Although our distributors will have a financial interest in the success of our girl group and boy band projects, and decision by our distributors to not promote our products, or to promote a competitor s products, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If the Company fails to compete successfully against alternative sources of entertainment, there may be an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. The Company competes with all other sources of entertainment, including television, premium pay television services, on demand video subscriptions, feature films, the Internet, home entertainment products, videogames, social networking, print media, pirated content, live sports and other events, for consumers leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending. The increased number of media and entertainment choices available to consumers has made it much more difficult to attract and obtain their attention and time. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors. The Company must protect its intellectual property. We will rely on copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights law to protect the intellectual property of our girl group and boy band projects. Our business is subject to the risk of third parties infringing on these intellectual property rights. We may need to pursue litigation to protect our intellectual property and that of our authorized licensors, which could result in substantial costs and divert resources. Threats of piracy of the Company s content, products, and other intellectual property may further decrease the revenues received from the legitimate sale, licensing and distribution of its content and adversely affect its business and profitability. Though the Company has never been victim of copyright piracy, it may be negatively affected this practice, and any piracy of the Company s content, products and other intellectual property could reduce the revenues the Company earns from the legitimate sale, licensing and distribution of its content, products and other intellectual property. The risks relating to piracy have increased in recent years due to technological developments that have made it easier to create, distribute and store high-quality unauthorized copies of content, such as the proliferation of cloud-based storage and streaming services, increased broadband Internet speeds and penetration rates, and increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission. Piracy is particularly prevalent in countries that lack effective copyright and technical legal protections or enforcement measures, and illegitimate operators based in those parts of the world can attract viewers from anywhere in the world. Once our projects are produced for mass distribution, the Company will devote the necessary resources to protect its content, products and intellectual property, but these efforts to enforce rights and combat piracy may not be successful. The Company may be subject to claims that it infringed intellectual property rights of others, which could require the Company to change its business practices. Successful claims that the Company infringes on the intellectual property rights of others could require the Company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, be prohibited preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or require the Company to change its business practices to stop the infringing use, which could limit its ability to compete effectively. Even if the Company believes a claim of intellectual property infringement is without merit, defending against the claim can be time-consuming and costly and divert management s attention and resources away from its businesses. We may be negatively affected by adverse general economic conditions. Current conditions in domestic and global economies are extremely uncertain. Adverse changes may occur as a result of softening global economies, wavering consumer confidence caused by the threat of terrorism and war, and other factors capable of affecting economic conditions. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Company s businesses are subject to labor interruption. The Company and some of its suppliers and business partners retain the services of writers, directors, actors, technicians, trade employees and others involved in the development and production of its television, feature film, and music content, who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. If negotiations to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements are not successful or become unproductive, the affected unions could take actions such as strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages. Such actions or the possibility of such actions could result in delays in the production of the Company s television programming and feature films. The Company could also incur higher costs from such actions, new collective bargaining agreements or the renewal of collective bargaining agreements on less favorable terms. Many of the collective bargaining agreements that cover individuals providing services to the Company are industry-wide agreements, and the Company may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of these agreements. Depending on their duration, such union or labor disputes could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 8 Table of Contents Our success depends largely on our management. We are dependent on the continued employment of Brian Lukow, our President and CEO. Although we believe that we would be able to locate a suitable replacement, if we lose the services of Mr. Lukow, we cannot assure you that we would be able to do so. Additionally, our future operating results will substantially depend on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified management, financial, technical, creative, and administrative personnel. Competition for such people is intense and can lead to increased compensation expenses. We cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and retain the personnel necessary for the development of our business. We need to obtain additional financing in order to continue our operations. On a prospective basis, we will require both short-term financing for operations and long-term capital to fund our expected growth. We have no existing bank lines of credit and have not established any definitive sources for additional financing programs. The entertainment industry is rapidly evolving and our inability to take advantage of opportunities because of capital constraints may have a material adverse effect on our current business and future prospects. RISKS RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES Our stock price may be volatile, which may result in losses to our shareholders. The stock markets have experienced significant price and trading volume fluctuations, and the market prices of companies listed on the OTC Pink and other similarly-tiered quotation boards have been volatile in the past and have experienced sharp share price and trading volume changes. The trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to many factors, including the following, some of which are beyond our control: variations in our operating results; changes in expectations of our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors; changes in operating and stock price performance of other companies in our industry; additions or departures of key personnel; and future sales of our common stock. Domestic and international stock markets often experience significant price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations, as well as general economic and political conditions unrelated to our performance, may adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our common shares may become thinly traded and you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices, or at all. We cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for trading our common stock will be sustained. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stockbrokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community who generate or influence sales volume. Even if we came to the attention of such persons, those persons tend to be risk-averse and may be reluctant to follow, purchase, or recommend the purchase of shares of an unproven company such as ours until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained. The market price for our common stock is particularly volatile given our status as a relatively small company, which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price if at all, which may result in substantial losses to you. Shareholders should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (3) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the volatility of our share price. 9 Table of Contents Because the SEC imposes additional sales practice requirements on brokers who deal in shares of penny stocks, some brokers may be unwilling to trade our securities. This means that you may have difficulty reselling your shares, which may cause the value of your investment to decline. Our shares are classified as penny stocks and are covered by Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on brokers-dealers who sell our securities. For sales of our securities, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination and receive a written agreement prior from you to making a sale on your behalf. Because of the imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices, it is possible that broker-dealers will not want to make a market in our common stock. This could prevent you from reselling your shares and may cause the value of your investment to decline. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) sales practice requirements may limit your ability to buy and sell our common stock, which could depress the price of our shares. FINRA rules require broker-dealers to have reasonable grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status and investment objectives, among other things. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares, and thereby depress our share price. Volatility in our common share price may subject us to securities litigation. The market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility as compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may, in the future, be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and resources. Our business is subject to changing regulations related to corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of noncompliance. Because our common stock is publicly traded, we are subject to certain rules and regulations of federal, state and financial market exchange entities charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. These entities, including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the SEC and FINRA, have issued requirements and regulations and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to corporate scandals and laws enacted by Congress, most notably the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our efforts to comply with these regulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue resulting in, increased general and administrative expenses and diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Because new and modified laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. Sales of our currently issued and outstanding stock and conversions of notes into issued and outstanding stock may become freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 and may dilute the market for your shares and have a depressive effect on the price of the shares of our common stock. A majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ( Rule 144 ). As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that one year following a company filing Form 10 information with the SEC to that effect, a non-affiliate who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may sell their shares of common stock. Under Rule 144, affiliates who have held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1 of a company s outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. We may seek to raise additional funds, finance acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing capital stock. We may finance our operations and develop strategic relationships by issuing equity or debt securities, which could significantly reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. Furthermore, any newly issued securities could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stock. Moreover, any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our stock and in any event, may have a dilutive impact on your ownership interest, which could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 10 Table of Contents Our preferred stock could be issued to inhibit potential investors or delay or prevent a change of control that may favor you. Some of the provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Utah law could, together or separately, discourage potential acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control. In particular, our board of directors has issued preferred stock with preferential voting rights to our CEO, Brian Lukow. Our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and make a reasonable determination that the transaction in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Competition The Company competes with all forms of entertainment. A large number of companies, many with significantly more resources than All for One Media, Inc., produce and distribute film and music recordings, exploit products in the home entertainment market, and produce music for live theater and performance. Our competitive position primarily depends on the amount and quality of the content produced, its distribution and marketing success, and public response. We also compete to obtain creative and performing talents, story properties, and many other rights that are essential to the success of our business. Operating results for these offerings are influenced by seasonal consumer purchasing behavior, consumer preferences, levels of marketing and promotion, and by the timing and performance of releases, which may be directly or indirectly influenced by competitors. Trademarks Copyrights We own the website URLs www.dramadrama.com, www.allforone.media and www.thescab.org. Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations on the Business Children s Privacy Various laws and regulations intended to protect the interests of children are applicable to our business, including measures designed to protect the privacy of minors online. As we are currently focused on marketing content to this demographic, we will be subject to these regulations. The U.S. Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA limits the collection of personal information online from children under the age of 13 by operators of websites or online services. Effective July 1, 2013, the Federal Trade Commission adopted revisions to regulations under COPPA to further expand the scope of the regulations. Such regulations also limit the types of advertising we are able to sell on our websites and applications and impose strict liability for certain actions of advertisers, which could affect advertising demand and pricing. State and federal policymakers are also considering regulatory and legislative methods to protect consumer privacy on the Internet, and these efforts have focused particular attention on children and teens. 11 Table of Contents Emerging Growth Company We may be deemed to be an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act. As long as we remain an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and exemptions from the requirements of holding an annual nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and seeking nonbinding stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, although we would cease to be an emerging growth company prior to such time if we have more than 1 billion in annual revenue, more than 700 million in market value of our common stock is held by non-affiliates or we issue more than 1 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2: PROPERTIES The Company currently maintains a corporate office at 236 Sarles Street, Mt. Kisco, New York 10549. The Company leases this property from its President, Brian Lukow, for 1,000 a month, which includes telephone, Internet, and electricity utilities. The Company s subsidiary also leases this space from the Company s President, under the same terms. The Company feels this space is sufficient until the Company commences full operations. ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 12 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our shares of common stock are quoted on OTC Pink operated by the OTC Markets Group, under the symbol AFOM . The following table sets forth the range of reported high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock for the fiscal quarters indicated. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdown or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. Consequently, the information provided below may not be indicative of our common stock price under different conditions. High Low Fiscal Year 2021 First Quarter ended December 31, 2020 0.0052 0.0001 Second Quarter ended March 31, 2021 0.0049 0.0007 Third Quarter ended June 30, 2021 0.0014 0.0008 Fourth Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 0.0018 0.0004 Fiscal Year 2020 First Quarter ended December 31, 2019 0.0200 0.0002 Second Quarter ended March 31, 2020 0.0005 0.0001 Third Quarter ended June 30, 2020 0.0003 0.0001 Fourth Quarter Ended September 30, 2020 0.0002 0.0001 Holders As of December 6, 2021, there were approximately 75 record holders of our common stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. Dividends We have not declared or paid dividends on our common stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration or payment of dividends, if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. There are no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 2017 Stock Incentive Plan In February 2017, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the 2017 Incentive Stock Plan covering 1,000,000 shares of common stock. The purpose of the plan is designed to retain directors, executives and selected employees and consultants and reward them for making major contributions to the success of the Company. These objectives are accomplished by making long-term incentive awards under the Plan thereby providing Participants with a proprietary interest in the growth and performance of the Company. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities Except for provided below, all unregistered sales of our securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2021, were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. During the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued to directors and officers, an aggregate of 72,000 shares of common stock with grant date fair value of 64 as stock-based compensation. These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among other things, the transactions did not involve a public offering. The shares of common stock, notes and warrants referenced herein were issued in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Securities Act ). ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not required for smaller reporting companies. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward Looking Statements Except for historical information, the following Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve certain risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, (a) discussions about the entertainment industry and trends, (b) our projected sales and profitability, (c) our growth strategies, (d) anticipated trends in our industry, (e) our future financing plans, (f) our anticipated needs for working capital, (g) our lack of operational experience and (h) the benefits related to ownership of our common stock. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Description of Business, as well as in this Report generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the following: economic, social and political conditions, global economic downturns resulting from extraordinary events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other securities industry risks; interest rate risks; liquidity risks; credit risk with clients and counterparties; systems failures, delays and capacity constraints; network security risks; competition; reliance on external service providers; new laws and regulations affecting our business; net capital requirements; extensive regulation, regulatory uncertainties and legal matters; failure to maintain relationships with employees, customers, business partners or governmental entities; the inability to achieve synergies or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with risks and uncertainties detailed in our filings with the SEC. We caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this Report will in fact occur as projected. Overview All for One Media Corp. (the Company was incorporated in the State of Utah on March 2, 2004. The Company is a media and entertainment company focused on creating, launching and marketing original pop music groups commonly referred to as boy bands and girl groups. The Company s former operations were in the business of acquiring, training, and reselling horses with an emphasis in the purchase of thoroughbred weanlings or yearlings that were resold as juveniles. On October 26, 2015, the Company entered into an Asset Exchange Agreement (the Asset Exchange with Crazy For The Boys, LLC CFTB ), a privately held company, and certain members owning membership interest in CFTB whereby the Company acquired certain assets from CFTB in exchange for 5,201,500 shares of the Company s common stock. The assets that were acquired included a movie screenplay, master recordings, trademarks, and web domain names (the CFTB Assets ). On December 7, 2016, the Company organized a subsidiary in the state of Nevada, Crazy for the Boys Movie, LLC CFTB Movie which was created for the sole purpose of financing, producing and commercially exploiting (via all distribution sources and other means of revenue generation) one feature-length motion picture as a coming of age, musical dramedy, entitled Crazy For The Boys and all of its allied, ancillary, subsidiary and merchandising rights. The Company is the Managing Member of CFTB Movie and will have the sole and exclusive right to operate CFTB Movie. In May 2017, the Company entered into an Assignment and Transfer Agreement with Crazy for the Boys GA LLC CFTB GA ), a company organized in the state of Georgia, whereby CFTB GA assigned and transferred all ownership, asset rights and other interest in CFTB GA to CFTB Movie. CFTB GA was created for the sole purpose of producing the one feature-length motion picture entitled Crazy For The Boys in the State of Georgia, in the city of Savannah, which offers production incentives up to 30 of Georgia production expenditures in transferable tax credits. The Georgia tax incentive program is available for qualifying projects, including feature films, television series, commercials, music videos, animation and game development. Consequently, CFTB GA became a wholly owned subsidiary of CFTB Movie and as of December 31, 2018, the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of CFTB GA. Filming for the Movie was completed in July 2017 and the post-production phase was completed in December 2018. All For One Media Corp. is in the business of targeting the lucrative tween demographic across a multitude of entertainment platforms. The Company s primary business objective is to embark on creating, launching and marketing original pop music groups, commonly referred to as boy bands and girl groups, by utilizing both traditional and social media models. All For One Media owns over fifty completed professionally produced master recordings, as well as a full-length motion picture tentatively entitled Drama Drama (formerly with a working title of Crazy For the Boys (the Film that is ready for release. This musical comedy s backstory creates a fictional girl group by the name of Drama Drama , and the Company intends to launch a new girl group with the same name simultaneous to the release of the Film. The Company expects to generate revenues from movie receipts, sales, downloads and streaming of original recorded music, videos, motion pictures, music publishing, live performances, licensed merchandise and corporate sponsorships. 14 Table of Contents On January 17, 2020, our parent entity, entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with, our subsidiary, Carmel Valley Productions Inc. whereby the Company sold 90 of its 100 interest in CVPI and any of the Company s right to receive revenues or repayment from the 100,000 advance on film rights under the terms of the Co-Production and Finance Agreement dated on July 24, 2019, for a total purchase price of 50,000. On February 16, 2021, we entered into an agreement with Quiver Distribution RB USA, Inc Quiver to distribute Distribution Agreement our full-length PG13-rated feature film, Drama Drama, (formerly with a working title of Crazy For the Boys ). Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, rights for all forms of VOD (including but not limited to transactional, subscription and advertising), EST, television, non-theatrical were given to Quiver and all other rights were reserved to the Company including ad-free youtube rights. In addition, after Quiver has deducted its distribution fee and recouped 100 of its actual, direct, arms-length expenses distribution expenses ), 100 of the backed participation shall go to the Company. Further, Quiver shall earn a distribution fee of 20 , increasing to 30 once Quiver has returned 400,000 to the Company. As of September 30, 2021, Quiver had not yet recouped their distribution expenses and we have not realized any revenue. The film, Drama Drama, was released on June 1, 2021, available across all major platforms, including iTunes, Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Vudu, Fandango Now, Comcast, Cox, Spectrum, DirectTV, and Dish, among others. This first window in the release process was SVOD (Streaming) as discussed above and the second window the release process will be by International Sales, Cable and Broadcast TV. In addition, the Drama Drama Official Soundtrack has been released through all major music streaming platforms on May 18, 2021, including Spotify, Apple Music, and TikTok. As previously discussed, Drama Drama , the motion picture, has tested well with our target tween and teen demographic in its own right, but has also been designed to serve as a 100-minute launch vehicle for Drama Drama , the girl group. Our goal is to generate revenues related to the Drama Drama franchise from the movie, music, merchandising, live concert performances, and additional sources. Results of Operations Comparison for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, and 2020: Net Revenues The Company principally engaged in content development of media targeted at the tween demographic consisting of children between the ages of seven and fourteen. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we generated minimal revenues of 9,493 from streaming music sales. During the year ended September 30, 2020, we generated minimal revenues of 9,762 from streaming music sales. Operating Expenses For the years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020, operating expenses consisted of the following: For Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Compensation expense 96,238 98,180 Professional and consulting expense 110,992 124,262 License fees 160,003 - Impairment of deposits - 15,216 General and administrative expense 251,712 136,298 Total 618,945 373,956 Compensation expense: For the year ended September 30, 2021, compensation expense decreased by 1,942 or 2 , as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in stock-based compensation. Professional and consulting expense: For the year ended September 30, 2021, professional and consulting expense decreased by 13,270 or 11 , as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in consulting fees of 35,048 and decrease in professional fees, offset by an increase in accounting fee of 22,607. 15 Table of Contents License fees: For the year ended September 30, 2021, license fees increased by 160,003 or 100 , as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. This was due to the payment of a one-time synchronization license fee paid to the song writers in 2021 for the use of their songs in the movie Drama Drama . Impairment of deposit: For the year ended September 30, 2021, impairment of deposits decreased by 15,216 or 100 , as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. General and administrative expense: For the year ended September 30, 2021, general and administrative expense increased by 115,414 or 85 , as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in marketing expense of 100,960, an increase in public company filing fees of 4,248, an increase in travel and entertainment expense of 3,680, an increase in insurance expense of 3,993 and an increase in utilities expense of 2,405. Other Income (Expenses), net For the year ended September 30, 2021, we had total other expense, net of 2,506,018 as compared to 8,379,106 for the year ended September 30, 2020, a decrease of 5,873,088 or 70 . This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 2,320,594, decrease in loss from sale of a subsidiary of 45,840, decrease on gain on sale of investment of 20,000 and decrease in interest expense of 1,445,799 offset by an increase in initial derivative expense of 1,787,431, increase in gain on extinguishment of debt of 3,868,286. Net Loss For the year ended September 30, 2021, net loss attributable to All For One Media Corp. amounted to 3,110,176 or (0.00) per share (basic and diluted), compared to 8,734,244 or (0.01) per share (basic and diluted) for the year ended September 30, 2020, a decrease of 5,624,068 or 64 resulting from changes discussed above. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had a working capital deficit of 18,491,425 and cash of 101,431 as of September 30, 2021, and a working capital deficit of 17,593,320 and cash of 2,103 as of September 30, 2020. September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Change Percentage Change Working capital deficit: Total current assets 122,622 10,103 112,519 1,114 Total current liabilities (18,614,047 (17,603,423 (1,010,624 6 Working capital deficit: (18,491,425 (17,593,320 (898,105 5 The increase in working capital deficit was primarily attributable to an increase in current assets of 112,519 and an increase in current liabilities of 1,010,624. Cash Flows Changes in our cash balance are summarized as follows: Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Net cash used in operating activities (660,935 (189,617 Net cash used in investing activities - (179,100 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 760,263 267,784 Net change in cash 99,328 (100,933 16 Table of Contents Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 660,935 for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to 189,617 for the year ended September 30, 2020, an increase of 471,319 or 249 . Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 primarily reflected our net loss of 3,115,470 adjusted for the add-back on non-cash items such as amortization of debt discounts of 721,789, stock-based compensation expense of 285, gain from extinguishment of debt of (3,838,696), initial derivative expense of 1,907,509, loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 2,743,541, non-cash interest expense of 2,000, non-cash default penalty interest of 800 and changes in operating asset and liabilities consisting primarily of an increase in prepaid expenses of 13,191, increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party of 46,000 and increase in accrued interest of 910,486 offset by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 25,988. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2020 primarily reflected our net loss of 8,743,300 adjusted for the add-back on non-cash items such as amortization of debt discounts of 1,732,387, stock-based compensation expense of 176, loss from extinguishment of debt of 29,590, impairment of deposits of 15,216, loss from sale of subsidiary of 45,840, gain on sale of investment of (20,000), initial derivative expense of 120,078, loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 5,064,135, non-cash interest expense of 10,500, non-cash default penalty interest of 657,715 and changes in operating asset and liabilities consisting primarily of a decrease in prepaid expenses of 29,334, decrease in deposits of 25,000, increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 41,571, increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party of 60,020 and increase in accrued interest of 742,122. Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was 0 for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 179,100 for the year ended September 30, 2020, a change of 179,100 or 100 . Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2020, consisted of proceeds from sale of subsidiary of 50,000, proceeds from sale of investment of 20,000, offset by advance on film rights of 99,000 and cash disposed from sale of subsidiary of 150,100. Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 760,263 for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to 267,784 for the year ended September 30, 2020, a decrease of 492,480 or 184 . Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021, consisted of proceeds from advance from a related party of 5,316, net proceeds from convertible notes payable of 1,369,000, offset by 614,053 payment of convertible notes payable. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2020, consisted of proceeds from advance from a related party of 12,000, proceeds from sale of common stock of 3,334, proceeds from note payable of 150,000 and net proceeds from convertible notes payable of 107,450, offset by 5,000 payment of advance from a related party. Cash Requirements We currently have no external sources of liquidity, such as arrangements with credit institutions or off-balance sheet arrangements that will have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or immediate access to capital. We expect to require additional financing to fund our current operations for fiscal 2022. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to raise the funds required to fund our operations, we will seek alternative financing through other means, such as borrowings from institutions or private individuals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the capital we need for our operations from the sale of our securities. We have not located any sources for these funds and may not be able to do so in the future. We expect that we will seek additional financing in the future. However, we may not be able to obtain additional capital or generate sufficient revenues to fund our operations. If we are unsuccessful at raising sufficient funds, for whatever reason, to fund our operations, we may be forced to cease operations. If we fail to raise funds, we expect that we will be required to seek protection from creditors under applicable bankruptcy laws. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had a net loss and net cash used in operations of 3,115,470 and 660,935 respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2021. Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 27,568,913 and working capital deficit of 18,491,425 as of September 30, 2021. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the issuance date of this report. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future such as selling the completed Movie and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. 17 Table of Contents The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues, there can be no assurances to that effect. Critical Accounting Policies The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management believes the following critical accounting policies affect the significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements. Use of Estimates In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated balance sheet, and expenses for the period then ended. Actual results may differ significantly from those estimates. Significant estimates made by management include but are not limited to the fair value of common stock issued for services, the valuation of derivative liabilities, the valuation of stock-based compensation and the valuation of deferred tax assets. Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments FASB ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC 820 requires disclosures about the fair value of all financial instruments, whether or not recognized, for financial statement purposes. Disclosures about the fair value of financial instruments are based on pertinent information available to the Company on September 30, 2021. Accordingly, the estimates presented in these financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized on disposition of the financial instruments. FASB ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: Level 1: Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. Level 2: Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Level 3: Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, due from and to related parties, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Changes to Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurements , which will improve the effectiveness of disclosure requirements for recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurements. The standard removes, modifies, and adds certain disclosure requirements, and is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. During the period ended March 31, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2018-13. This guidance did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 18 Table of Contents Film Production Costs The Company capitalizes costs which were used in the production of films according to ASC 926, Entertainment - Films. For films produced by the Company, capitalized costs include all direct production and financing costs, capitalized interest and production overhead. Production overhead includes the costs of individuals or departments with exclusive or significant responsibility for the production of films. Production overhead does not include general and administrative expenses and marketing, selling and distribution costs. Capitalization of interest costs should generally commence when a film is set for production and end when a film is substantially complete and ready for distribution. Filming the Movie was completed in July 2017 and the post-production phase was completed in December 2018. Generally, the interest eligible for capitalization includes stated interest, imputed interest, and interest related to debt instruments as well as amortization of discounts and other debt issue costs. Pursuant to ASC 926-20-35, the Company will begin to amortize capitalized film cost when a film is released, and it begins to recognize revenue from the film. These costs for an individual film are amortized and participation costs (see below) are accrued to direct operating expenses in the proportion that current year s revenues bear to management s estimates of the ultimate revenue at the beginning of the current year expected to be recognized from the exploitation, exhibition or sale of such film. Ultimate revenue includes estimates over a period not to exceed ten years following the date of initial release of the motion picture. Parties involved in the production of a film may be compensated in part by contingent payments based on the financial results of a film pursuant to contractual formulas (participations) and by contingent amounts due under provisions of collective bargaining agreements (residuals). Such parties are collectively referred to as participants, and such costs are collectively referred to as participation costs. Participations may be given to creative talent, such as actors or writers, or to entities from whom distribution rights are licensed. Participation costs are typically recognized evenly as the ultimate revenues are earned. Unamortized film costs are tested for impairment when there is an indication that the fair value of the film may be less than unamortized costs. Consistent with the rules for recognizing impairment of long-lived assets in ASC 926, the standard sets forth examples of events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the entity must assess whether the fair value of the film (whether it has been completed or is still in production) is less than the carrying amount of its unamortized film costs. 1. An adverse change in the expected performance of the film prior to its release, 2. Actual costs substantially in excess of budgeted costs, 3. Substantial delays in completion or release schedules, 4. Changes in release plans, such as a reduction in the initial release pattern, 5. Insufficient funding or resources to complete the film and to market it effectively, 6. Actual performance subsequent to release fails to meet prerelease expectations. (ASC 926-20-35-12) Derivative Liabilities The Company has certain financial instruments that are embedded derivatives associated with capital raises. The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if those contracts or any potential embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with ASC 815-10 Derivative and Hedging Contract in Entity s Own Equity . This accounting treatment requires that the carrying amount of any derivatives be recorded at fair value at issuance and marked-to-market at each balance sheet date. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, as is the case with the Company, the change in the fair value during the period is recorded as either other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or repayment, the respective derivative liability is marked to fair value at the conversion, repayment, or exercise date and then the related fair value amount is reclassified to other income or expense as part of gain or loss on debt extinguishment. In July 2017, FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features. These amendments simplify the accounting for certain financial instruments with down-round features. The amendments require companies to disregard the down-round feature when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to its own stock, for purposes of determining liability or equity classification. For public business entities, the amendments in Part I of the ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-based compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of ASC 718, Share-Based Payment, which requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively, the vesting period). The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Pursuant to ASC Topic 505-50, for share-based payments non-employees, compensation expense is determined at the measurement date defined as the earlier of: a) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached or b) the date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. 19 Table of Contents The expense is recognized over the vesting period of the award. Until the measurement date is reached, the total amount of compensation expense remains uncertain. The Company records compensation expense based on the fair value of the award at the reporting date. The awards to consultants and other third parties are then revalued, or the total compensation is recalculated, based on the then current fair value, at each subsequent reporting date. Revenue Recognition The Company adopted and implemented on October 1, 2018, ASU Topic 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASU 606 ). ASU 606 did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. Upon implementation of ASU 606, the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with that core principle by applying the following steps: Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer. Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract. Step 3: Determine the transaction price. Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption. The Company does not discuss recent pronouncements that are not anticipated to have an impact on or are unrelated to its financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules of this annual report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e), promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated our company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of September 30, 2021, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to material weaknesses, which we identified, in our report on internal control over financial reporting. 20 Table of Contents Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. Our management s evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting was based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of September 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. The ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which we identified in our internal control over financial reporting: (1) the lack of multiples levels of management review on complex accounting and financial reporting issues, and business transactions, (2) a lack of adequate segregation of duties and necessary corporate accounting resources in our financial reporting process and accounting function as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel and implementation of accounting systems, and We expect to be materially dependent upon third parties to provide us with accounting consulting services related to accounting services for the foreseeable future. We believe this will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses related to our accounting discussed above. Until such time as we have a chief financial officer with the requisite expertise in U.S. GAAP, there are no assurances that the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures will not result in errors in our financial statements which could lead to a restatement of those financial statements. A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of control deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additional controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report on internal control over financial reporting in this annual report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the quarter ended September 30, 2021, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not Applicable. 21 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors and Executive Officers Set forth below are the names, ages and present principal occupations or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past five years of our current directors and executive officers. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed is c/o All for One Media Corp., 236 Sarles Street, Mt. Kisco, New York 10549. Name Age Position Brian J. Lukow 61 President and Director Aimee Ventura O Brien 56 Secretary and Director Biographical information concerning the executive officer and director listed above is set forth below. The information presented includes information each individual has given us about all positions they hold and their principal occupation and business experience for the past five years. In addition to the information presented below regarding each director s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led our board to conclude that he should serve as a director, we also believe that all of our directors have a reputation for integrity, honesty and adherence to high ethical standards. Each has demonstrated business acumen and an ability to exercise sound judgment, as well as a commitment of service to our company and our board of directors. Brian J. Lukow, 60, President and Director. Brian Lukow began his professional career on Wall Street. He was a Senior Vice President of Lehman Brothers from 1984 to 1991 and a managing director of Ladenburg Thalmann from 1992 to 1994. Mr. Lukow was most recently the highly talented co-creator and co-producer of Huckapoo. Prior to that, Mr. Lukow was the co-creator and executive producer of Dream Street, a successful boy band, and a best-selling pop music acts in recent years, whose debut album reached number one on the Billboard Magazine Independent charts. The original girl group concept is his creation and is built upon his experience and success with Dream Street and Huckapoo. In addition to his production credits, Mr. Lukow is also an accomplished songwriter. Among Mr. Lukow s writing credits is the song Jennifer Goodbye which was recorded by Dream Street on its first album; that album went on to sell nearly one million units. Mr. Lukow is a co-writer on five of the original Huckapoo recordings as well. Additionally, Mr. Lukow is the associate producer of the motion picture The Biggest Fan , starring Chris Trousdale, Cindy Williams, and Pat Morita. From 1994 to 1996, Mr. Lukow was President of Brirock Entertainment, a firm specializing in artist management. Aimee Ventura O Brien, 55, Secretary and Director. Aimee Ventura O Brien has a diverse background in business, including experiences on Wall Street and in the world of architecture. On Wall Street, Ms. O Brien traded complex equity derivatives for Credit Suisse and Fidelity Investment. She eventually decided to return to school to become an architect. Since graduating, Ms. O Brien has worked for two large building envelope firms in New York, learning about the complex design of building skins. Ms. O Brien holds a bachelor s degree in mathematics and business from Skidmore College and a bachelor s of architecture from NY Institute of Technology. Additionally, she has taken graduate courses at New York University. Ms. O Brien has won awards from the American Institute of Architects, Henry Adams Certificate, Robert Jensen Memorial Award, and the Maria Bentel Memorial Thesis Travel Grant. Board of Directors Directors are elected at our annual meeting of shareholders and serve for one year until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Family Relationships There are no familial relationships among any of our officers or directors. None of our directors or officers is a director in any other reporting companies. The Company is not aware of any proceedings to which any of the Company officers or directors, or any associate of any such officer or director, is a party adverse to the Company or any of the Company subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to it or any of its subsidiaries. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings During the past ten years, none of our present or former directors, executive officers or persons nominated to become directors or executive officers: have been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 22 Table of Contents have been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; have been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; have been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or have been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide us with copies of those filings. Code of Ethics The Company does not currently have a Code of Ethics. Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors We presently do not have an audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, corporate governance committee or any other committee of our board of directors. Our entire Board of Directors meets to undertake the responsibilities that would otherwise be delegated to a committee of our board of directors. Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert We do not have a standing audit committee at the present time. Our board of directors has determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. The board of directors of our Company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because we believe that the functions of an audit committee can be adequately performed by the board of directors. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given our lack of material operations. ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation The following table sets forth information regarding executive compensation earned in or with respect to our fiscal year 2021 and 2020 by: each person who served as our CEO; and each person who served as our CFO; and each person who served as our President. 23 Table of Contents Compensation Table for Executives Name and Position Year Salary Bonus Stock Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation Total Brian Lukow: 2021 96,000 238 96,238 Chief Executive Officer, President 2020 96,000 180 96,180 and Director (1) (1) The Company has an employment contract with Brian Lukow, its President, which provides for a monthly salary of 5,000 plus 20,000 shares of common stock. On February 16, 2018, the Company amended this Employment Agreement to increase Mr. Lukow s base salary from 5,000 to 8,000 per month. The employment contract also has customary provisions for other benefits and includes non-competition and non-solicitation clauses. The employment agreement was entered into October 2015, constitutes an at will employment arrangement, and may be terminated by either Lukow or the Company upon two months written notice if without cause. Compensation of Management Except as disclosed above, we have no contractual arrangements with any executives or directors. Outstanding Equity Awards at 2021 Fiscal Year-End for Named Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of September 30, 2021, for each named executive officer. Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested Brian Lukow Compensation of Directors The following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named Directors for all services rendered in all capacities to our company, or any of its subsidiaries, for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020: Name Years Fees earned or paid in cash ) Stock awards ) Option awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Brian Lukow 2021 23 23 2020 16 16 Aimee Ventura O Brien 2021 23 23 2020 16 16 24 Table of Contents ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The following table lists, as of December 6, 2021, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. The percentages below are calculated based on 4,546,809,883 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and 51 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 6, 2021. We do not have any outstanding options, or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed is c/o All for One Media Corp., 236 Sarles Street, Mt. Kisco, New York 10549. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Title of Class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Percent of Class (2) Five Percent Stockholders: Brian Lukow (3) Common Stock 5,064,386 0.11138 Preferred Stock 51 100 Aimee Ventura O Brien (4) Common Stock 1,052,580 0.02315 Directors and Officers as a Group 6,116,966 0.13453 Crazy for the Boys, LLC (5) Common Stock 5,201,500 0.11440 1. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined under the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares, which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option or other right. The persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable and the information contained in the footnotes to this table. 2. Based on 4,546,809,883 issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of December 6, 2021. 3. Brian Lukow is a director and the Company s President. Mr. Lukow s ownership includes his interests in Crazy for the Boys, LLC. Mr. Lukow owns 51 shares of preferred stock with voting rights equal to (x) 0.019607 multiplied by the total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote (the Numerator ), divided by (y) 0.49, minus (x) the Numerator. 4. Aimee Ventura O Brien is a director and the Company s Secretary. 5. Brian Lukow, the Company s President and director, is the managing member of Crazy for the Boys, LLC and owns approximately 17 of CFTB. SEC Rule 13d-3 generally provides that beneficial owner of securities include any person who, directly or indirectly, has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such securities, and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days. Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned by that person. Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person. At the present time there are no outstanding options or warrants. 25 Table of Contents ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Related Party Transactions Parties are considered to be related to the Company if the parties directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal stockholders of the Company, its management, members of the immediate families of principal stockholders of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal where one-party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The Company discloses all related party transactions. All transactions shall be recorded at fair value of the goods or services exchanged. Property purchased from a related party is recorded at the cost to the related party and any payment to or on behalf of the related party in excess of the cost is reflected as compensation or distribution to related parties depending on the transaction. In October 2015, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement with Mr. Brian Lukow, the CEO of the Company. As compensation for his services per the terms of the Employment Agreement, the Company shall pay 5,000 per month and 20,000 shares of the Company s common stock per month calculated at 0.25 per share. The Employment Agreement may be terminated by either party upon two months written notice. On February 16, 2018, the Company amended this Employment Agreement to increase Mr. Lukow s base salary from 5,000 to 8,000 per month. As September 30, 2021, and 2020, accrued salaries to Mr. Lukow amounted to 81,556 and 46,556, respectively, and was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In December 2015, the Company through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tween Entertainment, executed a month-to-month operating lease agreement with the CEO of the Company. The lease premise is located in Mt. Kisco, New York and the initial term was for a period of 12 months commencing in December 2015 and expiring in December 2016. The lease is currently on a month-to-month basis. The lease requires the Company to pay a monthly base rent of 1,000. The Company has recorded rent expense of 12,000 for both periods for the year ended September 30, 2021, and 2020 which was included as rent expense under general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company had accrued rent balance of 27,500 and 16,500, respectively, reflected under accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the CEO loaned 5,316 to the Company for working capital purposes which is reflected as due to related parties. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the CEO loaned an additional 1,000 for working capital purposes. The loan is non-interest bearing and are due on demand. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company reclassified from due to related parties, a note balance of 6,000 and advance from a former member of the Board of Directors of 2,500 that was received in the prior year, for a total amount of 8,500 to loans payables. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, this loan had a balance of 6,517 and 9,701, respectively. The CEO of the Company, who is the creator, writer and also acted as a producer of the Crazy for The Boys movie is entitled to receive a writer s fee of 25,000 and producer s fee of 100,000 to be paid from gross revenues derived from the Crazy for The Boys movie or the sale of ancillary products. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company has an accrued balance of 125,000 in accrued expenses - related party for services rendered by the CEO of the Company and a corresponding increase in film cost. In September 2019, pursuant to the Co-Production and Finance Agreement dated on July 24, 2019, the parent entity advanced 100,000 to a related party vendor and in October 2019, another 99,000 was advanced by our subsidiary, Carmel Valley Productions Inc. CVPI for a total advance of 199,000. On January 17, 2020, our parent entity entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with our subsidiary, Carmel Valley Productions Inc. (CVPI whereby the Company sold any and all of its right to receive revenues or repayment from the 100,000 advance on film rights under the terms of the Co-Production and Finance Agreement. Director Independence Because the Company s Common Stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, the Company has used the definition of independence of the NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company; the director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); a family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company; the director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); the director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three years, any of the executive officers of the Company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or the director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the Company s audit. Based on this review, we have no independent directors pursuant to the requirements of the NASDAQ Stock Market. ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The following table sets forth the fees billed to our company for the years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020 for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, Salberg Company, P.A.: Years Ended September 30, Fee Category 2021 2020 Audit Fees 56,300 56,400 Audit-related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees Total Fees 56,300 56,400 26 Table of Contents Audit Fees Audit fees were for professional services rendered for the audits of our annual financial statements and for review of our quarterly financial statements during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020. Audit-Related Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees . Tax Fees As our independent registered public accountants did not provide any services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020, no tax fees were billed or paid during those fiscal years. All Other Fees Our independent registered public accountants did not provide any products and services not disclosed in the table above during the 2021, and 2020 fiscal years. As a result, there were no other fees billed or paid during those fiscal years. Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Our entire board of directors, which acts as our audit committee, pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by our board of directors before the respective services were rendered. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm and believe that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining their respective independence. 27 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) 1. Financial Statements The financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 and included on page from F-2 onwards. 2. Financial Statement Schedules All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission are either not required under the related instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements included herein. 3. Exhibits (including those incorporated by reference). 28 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (1) 3.2 By-Laws (1) 3.3 Articles of Amendment (1) 10.1 Asset Exchange Agreement with Crazy For the Boys, LLC dated October 26, 2015 (1) 10.2 Employment Agreement with Brian Lukow (1) 10.3 Board of Directors Agreement with Brian Lukow (1) 10.4 Board of Directors Agreement with Brian Gold (1) 10.5 Promissory Note with Auctus Fund I dated July 18, 2017 (2) 10.6 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated October 31, 2018 (3) 10.7 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated November 6, 2018 (3) 10.8 Promissory Note with Coolidge Capital, LLC dated November 20, 2018 (3) 10.9 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated November 23, 2018 (3) 10.10 Promissory Note with Auctus Fund, LLC dated November 27, 2018 (3) 10.11 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated December 13, 2018 (3) 10.12 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated December 28, 2018 (3) 10.13 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners LLC dated February 8, 2019 (4) 10.14 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners LLC dated March 15, 2019 (4) 10.15 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners LLC dated April 8, 2019 (4) 10.16 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated May 22, 2019 (5) 10.17 Promissory Note with Odyssey Capital Funding LLC dated July 12, 2019 (5) 10.18 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated July 24, 2019 (5) 10.19 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partner, LLC dated September 4, 2019 (6) 10.20 Promissory Note with Odyssey Capital Funding LLC dated September 4, 2019 (6) 10.21 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with Carmel Valley Productions Inc. (7) 10.22 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated January 7, 2021 (7) 10.23 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated February 3, 2021 (7) 10.24 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated February 24, 2021 (7) 10.25 Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners, LLC dated April 1, 2021 (7) 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). __________ (1) As filed with our Form 10 on January 3, 2017, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. (2) As filed with our form 10-K filed on January 16, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. (3) As filed with our Form 10-K filed on January 15, 2019. (4) As filed with our Form 10-Q filed on May 17, 2019. (5) As filed with our Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2019. (6) (7) As filed with our Form 10-K filed on January 14, 2020. As field with our Form 10-Q filed on June 8, 2021. Filed herewith ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not Applicable. 29 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. Date: December 17, 2021 By: /s/ Brian Lukow Name: Brian Lukow Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Brian Lukow Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Director December 17, 2021 Brian Lukow (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Aimee Ventura O Brien Director December 17, 2021 Aimee Ventura O Brien 30 Table of Contents INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 CONTENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 F-4 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 F-6 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 to F-33 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of: All For One Media Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of All For One Media Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a net loss and cash used in operations of 3,115,470 and 660,935, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2021. Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 27,568,913 and working capital deficit of 18,491,425 as of September 30, 2021. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s Plan in regards to these matters is also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Derivative Liabilities As described in Footnote 2 Derivative Liabilities and Fair Value Measurements and Footnote 5, Convertible Notes Payable to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded derivative activity during fiscal 2021 that resulted primarily in a net aggregate derivative expense of 4,651,050 and derivative liabilities of 11,587,761 at September 30, 2021. F-2 Table of Contents We identified the evaluation of instruments and contracts to determine whether there are derivatives to be recorded, the analysis of the accounting treatment and presentation for derivative transactions and the valuation of derivatives as critical audit matters. Auditing management s analysis of the above critical audit matters was complex and involved a high degree of subjectivity. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included (a) Reviewed and tested management s conclusions as to whether certain instruments or contracts qualified for derivative treatment by comparing management s analysis and conclusions to authoritative and interpretive literature, (b) Compared the accounting treatment and presentation to that described by the authoritative and interpretive literature, (c) Tested management s process for valuing derivatives by comparing it to generally accepted methodologies for valuing derivatives, (d) Tested management s valuation of the derivatives by testing assumptions and data used in the valuation model including the term, volatility and interest rate, and (e) Recomputed the derivative valuations. /s/ Salberg Company, P.A. SALBERG COMPANY, P.A. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. Boca Raton, Florida December 17, 2021 2295 NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 Boca Raton, FL 33431-7328 Phone: (561) 995-8270 Toll Free: (866) CPA-8500 Fax: (561) 995-1920 www.salbergco.com info@salbergco.com Member National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts Registered with the PCAOB Member CPAConnect with Affiliated Offices Worldwide Member AICPA Center for Audit Quality F-3 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, September 30, 2021 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party Accrued interest Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized debt discounts Note payable Note payable - related party Loans payable Due to related parties Derivative liabilities Total current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 9) Stockholders' deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized Series A Preferred stock Par Value; shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively Common stock, 0.001, shares authorized: shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total All For One Media Corp. Stockholders' deficit Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries Total Stockholders' deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Revenues Operating expenses: Compensation expense Professional and consulting expense License fees Impairment of deposits General and administrative expense Total operating expense Loss from operations Other income (expense): Initial derivative expense Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Gain (loss) from extinguishment of debt, net 3,838,696 (29,590 Loss from sale of subsidiary (45,840 Gain on sale of investment Interest expense Total other expense, net Loss before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to All For One Media Corp. NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE OUTSTANDING Basic and Diluted WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING Basic and Diluted See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Preferred Stock Series A Common Stock Additional Non- Total 0.001 Par Value 0.001 Par Value Paid-in Accumulated controlling Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Interest Deficit Balance, September 30, 2019 Sale of common stock - Issuance of common stock for services - Fair value of the common stock issued in connection with conversion of principal and accrued interest on notes payable - Net loss for the year - - (8,743,300 Balance, September 30, 2020 Issuance of common stock for services - Fair value of the common stock issued in connection with conversion of principal and accrued interest on notes payable - Net loss for the year - - (3,115,470 Balance, September 30, 2021 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss (3,115,470 (8,743,300 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Amortization of debt discounts Stock-based compensation Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net Gain on sale of investment Impairment of deposits Loss from sale of subsidiary, CVPI 45,840 Initial derivative expense 1,907,509 120,078 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 2,743,541 5,064,135 Non-cash interest expense Non-cash default penalty interest Changes in assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deposit Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party Accrued interest NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Advances on film rights Proceeds from sale of investment Proceeds from sale of subsidiary, CVPI Cash disposed from sale of subsidiary NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Advances from a related party Proceeds from sale of common stock Proceeds from note payable Proceeds from convertible notes payable, net of issuance cost Payments of convertible notes Payments on advance from a related party NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET CHANGE IN CASH CASH - beginning of the year CASH - end of the year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Initial valuation of derivative liabilities included in debt discount Issuance of common stock in connection with conversion of note payable and accrued interest See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 shares of the Company s common stock. The assets that were acquired included a movie screenplay, master song recordings, trademarks, and web domain names (the CFTB Assets ). On December 7, 2016, the Company organized a subsidiary in the state of Nevada, Crazy for the Boys Movie, LLC CFTB Movie which was created for the sole purpose of financing, producing and commercially exploiting (via all distribution sources and other means of revenue generation) one feature-length motion picture as a coming of age, musical dramedy, entitled Crazy For The Boys (the Movie and all of its allied, ancillary, subsidiaries and merchandising rights. The Company is the Managing Member of CFTB Movie and will have the sole and exclusive right to operate CFTB Movie. As of September 30, 2021 and 2021, the Company owns approximately of CFTB Movie, the Company s majority owned subsidiary. In May 2017, the Company entered into an Assignment and Transfer Agreement with Crazy for the Boys GA LLC CFTB GA ), a company organized in the state of Georgia, whereby CFTB GA assigned and transferred all ownership, asset rights and other interest in CFTB GA to CFTB Movie. CFTB GA was created for the sole purpose of producing the Movie in the State of Georgia, in the city of Savannah, which offers production incentives up to of Georgia production expenditures in transferable tax credits. The Georgia tax incentive program is available for qualifying projects, including feature films, television series, commercials, music videos, animation and game development. Consequently, CFTB GA became a wholly owned subsidiary of CFTB Movie and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of CFTB GA. Filming for the Movie has been completed in July 2017 and the post-production phase was completed in December 2018. The Company started to screen the movie in January 2019 for potential buyers. The Company has been receiving several offers for the distribution of the film and the Company continues to review those offers. On June 21, 2019, Carmel Valley Productions, Inc. CVPI ), a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary, a Florida corporation, was formed for purpose of owning and producing family friendly films (see Note 9). In January 2020, the Company sold of its interest in CVPI for (see Note 4). On November 1, 2021, . The increase in authorized common stock has been retroactively reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements (see Note 8 and 11). Cash and Cash Equivalents . As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company had not reached bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit on interest bearing accounts. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institutions, the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institutions in which it holds deposits. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets and as of September 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively, consist primarily of costs paid for future services which will occur within a year. Prepaid expenses typically include prepayments in cash and common stock for consulting which are being amortized over the terms of their respective agreements. F-8 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Film Production Costs . Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-9 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 A roll forward of the level 3 valuation financial instruments is as follows: Initial valuation of derivative liabilities included in debt discount Initial valuation of derivative liabilities included in derivative expense Reclassification of derivative liabilities to gain on debt extinguishment Change in fair value included in derivative expense Balance at end of year ASC 825-10 Financial Instruments allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (fair value option). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding equity instruments. Derivative Liabilities F-10 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share Convertible Notes Total Income Taxes F-11 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements non-controlling interest. On November 14, 2018, the Company sold 1and Class A units of membership interest in CFTB Movie to a director of the Company for increasing the non-controlling interest to approximately . As of September 30, 2021, and 2021, the Company recorded a non-controlling interest balance of ) and ), respectively, in connection with the majority-owned subsidiaries, CFTB Movie and CFTB GA as reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and losses attributable to non-controlling interest of and during the years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively, as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Revenue Recognition and , respectively, from streaming music sales. The Company markets their master song recordings (see Note 1) through online music streaming websites and recognizes revenues on a net basis once the songs are downloaded by the customer and the performance obligation is satisfied. F-12 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 and respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2021. Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit of and working capital deficit of as of September 30, 2021. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the issuance date of this report. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future such as selling the completed Movie and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues, there can be no assurances to that effect. of its interest in CVPI and any of the Company s right to receive revenues or repayment from the advance on film rights under the terms of the Co-Production and Finance Agreement dated on (see Note 9) for a total purchase price of . The following assets and liabilities were disposed in the Sale: Advances on film rights - related party (see Note 9) Total assets Liabilities: Accrued expenses Note payable Total liabilities Net assets disposed Cash transferred to parent in exchange for 90 CVPI interest (50,000 Loss from sale of subsidiary, CVPI On June 22, 2020, the Company sold the remaining shares of common stock or equity ownership of CVPI, to a third-party for cash proceeds of which was recorded as gain on sale of investment in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Less: unamortized debt discount Convertible notes payable, net As of September 30, 2021, the Company had defaulted on 22 of its convertible notes payable with aggregate outstanding principal amount of 3,239,876. Subsequent to September 30, 2021, the Company and a lender Parties entered into an agreement to extend the maturity dates 23 of the convertible notes, of which 16 are currently in default, with inception dated between October 2018 to September 2021 Amendment Agreements ). Pursuant to the Amendment Agreements, the Parties agreed to extend the maturity dated of all the 23 convertible notes to April 18, 2022 and waive any penalty interest that would otherwise have occurred due to the failure to timely repay the convertible notes on or prior to the original maturity date (see Note 11). All other terms of the convertible notes not modified in the Amendment Agreements shall remain in full force and effect. F-13 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 of its convertible notes payable with aggregate outstanding principal amount of . On July 18, 2017, the Company issued 12 Convertible Promissory Note for principal borrowings of up to . The note is unsecured and bears interest at the rate of per annum default rate) and matured in April 2018. The note holder had the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 50 of the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date. During the first 30 to 180 days following the date of the notes, the Company had the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under these notes, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of these notes, at a premium ranging from 115 to 135 as defined in the note agreements. After this initial 180-day period, the Company had no right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which was amortized over the term of the note. Between January 2018 and February 2018, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount, accrued interest of and fees of . Between October 2018 and November 2018, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount, accrued interest of and fees of . In April 2018, the Company entered into an amendment agreement with this note holder for the forbearance from converting the notes into shares of common stock of the Company until October 1, 2018, unless an event of default as defined in the note agreements occurs or the Company s stocks trades at a price less than 0.02 per share. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of accrued interest of and conversion fees of . This note is currently in default and of default penalty was added to the principal balance, during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On September 25, 2017, the Company issued 12 Convertible Promissory Notes for principal borrowings of up to . per annum and matured in . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which was amortized over the term of the note. In April 2018, the Company entered into an amendment agreement with this note holder for the forbearance from converting the notes into shares of common stock of the Company until October 1, 2018, unless an event of default as defined in the note agreements occurs or the Company s stocks trades at a price less than 0.02 per share. This note is currently in default and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note . On March 26, 2018, the Company issued 10 Convertible Promissory Note for principal borrowings of up to and on January 22, 2019, the Company issued another Convertible Promissory Note for principal borrowings of up to (collectively as Notes ). The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the issuance date, the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price to a price which is 52 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the 18 prior trading days including the day of the conversion date. These Notes may not be prepaid. The Company paid total original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with these Notes and amortized over the term of the Notes. On September 8, 2019, the Company paid off a total principal amount of 80,000 including accrued interest of and prepayment penalty of . During year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 817,526,314 shares of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of 58,100 of principal amount and accrued interest of . This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount and accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2021 and 2020 the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. F-14 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 . per annum (24 default rate) and matured on . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount and accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On November 6, 2018, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to . . The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 60 to 180 days following the date of the note, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 100 to 136 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On November 23, 2018, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to . . The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which was 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 60 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company had the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 100 to 136 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company had no right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which was amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On November 27, 2018, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to . . The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which was 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 90 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company had the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under these notes, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of these notes, at a premium ranging from 125 to 140 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company had no right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which was amortized over the term of the note. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount, accrued interest of and fees of . During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of accrued interest of and fees of 2,000. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On December 13, 2018, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to . . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . F-15 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to . . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On January 9, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to . . The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 60 to 180 days following the date of the note, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 110 to 134 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On February 1, 2019, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for aggregate principal borrowings of up to . Additionally, on February 1, 2019, the Company issued another 10 Convertible Promissory Notes for principal borrowings of up to . The 10 convertible promissory notes and all accrued interest are due one year from the date of issuance. The note are unsecured and bears interest at the rate of per annum (24 default rate) from the issuance date thereof until the notes are paid. The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 54 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. The Company does not have a right to prepay the note. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of 18 per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. The Company paid total original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with these notes payable which will be amortized over the term of the notes. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 319,673,835 shares of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of principal amount of 90,000, and accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On February 8, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to . . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. F-16 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to . The note is unsecured, bears an interest rate of per annum and matured on March 15, 2020. The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On April 8, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid an original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On April 11, 2019, the Company issued a 12 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 58 of the average of the lowest 2 trading prices of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date. During the first 30 to 180 days following the date of the note, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 115 to 140 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay the note. The Company paid an original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount and accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2020, the principal balance of this note was 0. On May 9, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount. This note is currently in default for non-payment. On January 8, 2021, the Company and lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Parties settled the outstanding principal amount of and accrued interest payable of , for a total outstanding balance of which was settled for , after which the note was retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the note. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of during the year ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the settlement. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. F-17 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. On February 4, 2021, the Company and lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. The note had an outstanding principal of and accrued interest of which was settled for , after which the note was be retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the Notes. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of during the year ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the settlement. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020 the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On May 22, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On May 24, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceed of . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On June 11, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. The Company paid original issuance discount of 6,250 in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount and accrued interest of . This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. On April 4, 2021, the Company and the lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement Settlement Agreement the outstanding balance of the note. The note had principal balance of and accrued interest payable of for a total of outstanding balance of which was settled for cash in the amount of , after which the note was be retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the note. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of during the years ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the settlement As September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. F-18 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The note are unsecured and bears interest at the rate of 12 per annum from the issuance date thereof until the note is paid. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. On February 4, 2021, the Company and lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. The note had an outstanding principal of and accrued interest of which was settled for , after which the note was be retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the Notes. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of during the year ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the settlement. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On July 12, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On July 24, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . F-19 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of principal amount of . On January 8, 2021, the Company and the lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Parties settled the outstanding principal accrued interest for and penalties of for an aggregate settlement payment of after which the note was retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the note. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On August 27, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received initial proceeds of First Tranche ), net of discount of . The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. On January 7, 2021, the Company and the lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement Settlement Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Parties settled the outstanding principal of , accrued interest for and penalties of for an aggregate settlement payment of , after which the note was retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the note. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On September 4, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On September 4, 2019, the Company issued a 12 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. The note is unsecured, bears an interest rate of 12 per annum (22 default rate) and matured on . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. On February 4, 2021, the Company and lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. The note had an outstanding principal of and accrued interest of which was settled for , after which the note was be retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the Notes. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of during the year ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the settlement. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. F-20 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to 220,000 and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal amount and accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On September 23, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of common stock to the note holder upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued interest. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. On January 13, 2021, the Company and the lender, (collectively as Parties entered into a Note Repayment Agreement Repayment Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. Pursuant to the Repayment Agreement, the Parties settled the outstanding principal amount of and accrued interest payable of , for a total outstanding balance of 40,008 which was settled for , after which the note was retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the note. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of during the year ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the settlement. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On October 8, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment. On January 8, 2021, the Company and lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Parties settled the outstanding principal amount of and accrued interest payable of , for a total outstanding balance of which was settled for , after which the note was retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the note. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of during the year ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the settlement. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. F-21 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Convertible Promissory Notes for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which was amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . Additionally, on October 9, 2019, the Company granted a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of a convertible note (see above). The warrant expire five-years from the date of grant and has an exercise price of . The exercise price and the number of warrants were subject to adjustment upon distribution of assets and anti-dilution protection provision as defined in the stock warrant agreement. The Company accounted for the warrants by using the relative fair value method and recorded debt discount from the relative fair value of the warrants of using the Black-Scholes option pricing (see Note 8) which is being amortized over the term of the note. On November 29, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2020, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. On February 4, 2021, the Company and lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement to settle the outstanding balance of the note. The note had an outstanding principal of and accrued interest of which was settled for , after which the note was be retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the Notes. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of during the year ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the settlement. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and , respectively. On January 14, 2020, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder for principal borrowings of up to and received proceeds of , net of discount. . The Company paid original issuance discount of 800 in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. This note is currently in default for non-payment and of default penalty was added to the principal balance during the year ended September 30, 2021, pursuant to the note and accrue interest at the default interest rate upon default. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of this note was . On January 7, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of and received proceeds of , net of discount of . The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 90 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 110 to 128 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . F-22 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of and received proceeds of , net of discount of . The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 90 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 110 to 128 as defined in the note agreement , the Company does not have a right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . On February 24, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of and received proceeds of , net of discount of . The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 90 to 180 days following the date of these notes, , the Company does not have a right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . On April 1, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of and received proceeds of , net of discount of . The 10 convertible promissory note and all accrued interest is due on April 1, 2022. . As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . On April 8, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of and received proceeds of , net of discount of . The convertible promissory note and all accrued interest is due on April 8, 2022. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was 151,000. On May 3, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of and received proceeds of , net of discount of . The convertible promissory note and all accrued interest is due on May 3, 2022. The note is unsecured and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum (24 default rate) from the issuance date thereof until the note is paid. The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 90 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 110 to 128 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . F-23 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 and received proceeds of , net of discount of . The convertible promissory note and all accrued interest is due on June 21, 2022. The note is unsecured and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum (24 default rate) from the issuance date thereof until the note is paid. The note holder shall have the right to convert beginning on the date which is 180 days following the issuance date the outstanding principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to a price which is 60 of the lowest trading price during the 18 prior trading days immediately preceding including the day of the conversion date. During the first 90 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 110 to 128 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay the note. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which is being amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . On July 12, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of and received proceeds of , net of discount of 1,787. The note are unsecured and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum from the issuance date thereof until the note is paid. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . On July 27, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note to with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of and received proceeds of , net of discount of 1,828. The note is unsecured and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum from the issuance date thereof until the note is paid. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . On September 17, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note to with a certain note holder, for principal borrowings of 161,250 and received proceeds of , net of discount of 6,250. The note is unsecured and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum from the issuance date thereof until the note is paid. The Company paid original issuance discount of in connection with this note payable which will be amortized over the term of the note. As of September 30, 2021, the principal balance of this note was . During the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded an aggregate default penalty of and , respectively, in connection with the convertible notes payable and charged to interest expense F-24 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 and as of September 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which was included in accrued interest on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, in connection with these convertible notes payable. Derivative Liabilities Pursuant to Convertible Notes and Warrants In connection with the issuance of the unrelated party convertible notes (collectively referred to as Notes and warrants (collectively referred to as Warrants ), discussed above, the Company determined that the terms of the Notes contain an embedded conversion option to be accounted for as derivative liabilities due to the holder having the potential to gain value upon conversion and provisions which includes events not within the control of the Company. Additional, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Notes and Warrants outstanding were accounted for as derivatives and the warrants also meet the criteria to be accounted for as derivatives as the Company does not have sufficient authorized shares to cover these dilutive securities. In accordance with ASC 815-40 Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in an Entity s Own Stock , the embedded conversion option contained in the Notes and Warrants were accounted for as derivative liabilities at the date of issuance and shall be adjusted to fair value through earnings at each reporting date. The fair value of the embedded conversion options was determined using the Binomial Lattice valuation model. At the end of each period and on note conversion date or repayment, the Company revalues the derivative liabilities resulting from the embedded option. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, in connection with the issuance of the Notes and Warrants, on the initial measurement date, the fair values of the embedded conversion option of was recorded as derivative liabilities of which was allocated as a debt discount and as derivative expense. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, in connection with the issuance of the Notes and Warrants, on the initial measurement date, the fair values of the embedded conversion option of was recorded as derivative liabilities of which was allocated as a debt discount and as derivative expense. At the end of the period, the Company revalued the embedded conversion option and warrant derivative liabilities which are valued at and , respectively for a total of . In connection with these revaluations, the Company recorded a loss from the change in the derivative liabilities fair value of and for the years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the fair value of the derivative liabilities was estimated at issuance and at the September 30, 2021, using the Binomial Lattice valuation model with the following assumptions: to year Volatility to Risk-free interest rate to For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, amortization of debt discounts related to the convertible notes amounted to and , respectively, included as interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the unamortized debt discount was and , respectively. Notes principal amount unrelated party Loans payable, net F-25 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 promissory note to an affiliated company for . The Company may prepay the note without a prepayment penalty. The former COO of the Company is a trustee of the affiliated company. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal balance of this note was and is reflected as note payable - related party in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the accrued interest of this note was and , respectively. On September 27, 2019, the Company, through its then wholly owned subsidiary, CVPI, issued a 10 promissory note for . The 10 promissory note and all accrued interest are due on . This note may be prepaid without penalty. On January 17, 2021, the Company sold its interest in the CVPI and the outstanding principal of and related accrued interest of the note payable was assumed by CVPI (see Note 4). As of September 30, 2020, the principal balance of this note was . Notes Payable - Unrelated Party In June 2017, through the Company s subsidiary, CFTB Movie, the Company entered into a 12 loan and security agreement for a loan amount of June 2017 Note ). . The default interest rate was after the maturity date. The Company received proceeds of and paid original issue discount and related loan fees of in connection with the June 2017 Note which was amortized over the term of the loan. The June 2017 Note was used for the production of the Movie. The Company had granted a security interest in all the Company s property, tangible and intangible, existing or subsequently in effect, including but not limited to; (i) all bank accounts; (ii) all of the Company s right under any contract; (iii) all accounts payable; (iv) all chattel paper, documents and instruments related to accounts; (v) all intellectual property; (vi) all inventory, furniture, fixtures, equipment and supplies and; (vii) all proceeds, products and accessions of, and to, any and all of the foregoing. In July 2017, the Company entered into an Agreement (the Extension Agreement ), to extend the maturity date of the June 2017 Note to December 1, 2017, from August 15, 2017, and to release the guarantee as discussed below. Beginning on December 1, 2017 and continuing until such time as this loan is repaid, CFTB Movie at its sole option, may choose to make monthly partial payments that will be applied to the outstanding amount, due no later than the first business day of each month, in denominations of no less than . In consideration for extending the maturity date to , and the release of the guarantee, the Company shall pay; (i) fee; (ii) 6 of adjusted gross revenue from the Movie as defined in the Extension Agreement and; (iii) shall be first position of senior secured creditor after repayment of a loan to a certain lender as defined in the Extension Agreement. The 25,000 fee for such extension was amortized up to the extended maturity date of December 1, 2017 and recorded the amortization to film production cost as capitalized interest and was added to the principal amount of loan in fiscal year 2018. The Company accounted for the 6 profit consideration for the Extension Agreement discussed above in accordance with ASC 470-10-35 which requires amounts recorded as debt to be amortized under the interest method as described in ASC 835-30 - Interest Method . The Company determined an effective interest rate based on estimated future expected cash flows to be paid to the note holder. This rate represents the discount rate that equates estimated cash flows with the initial proceeds received from the note holder and is used to compute the amount of interest to be recognized each period. Estimating the future cash outflows under this agreement requires the Company to make certain estimates and assumptions about future revenues and such estimates are subject to significant variability since the Movie was in post-production stage, and thus were subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, the estimates are likely to change which may result in future adjustments to the accretion of the interest expense and the amortized cost based carrying value of the related loan. Accordingly, during fiscal year 2018, the Company estimated the cash flows associated with the Movie and determined a discount of which was being accounted for as interest expense over a five-year estimated life of the Movie based on expected future revenue streams. As of September 30, 2019, the Company expects no profit from the Movie (see impairment expense in Note 2 Film Production Cost and reversed to profit interest recovery on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations the profit interest payable of recorded during the fiscal year 2018 and reversed the profit interest accrued during the year ended September 30, 2019, in the amount of , recorded as a credit to interest expense. Between March 2019 to May 2019, the Company paid accrued interest of related the June 2017 Note. In July 2017, through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, CFTB GA, the Company received from same lender above, additional proceeds from issuance of a Note July 2017 Note for a principal amount of . On December 12, 2017, the Company paid towards the July 2017 Note. In January 2018, through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, CFTB GA, the Company received from same lender above, additional proceeds from issuance of a Note January 2018 Note for a principal amount of . The January 2018 Note bore interest per annum and was considered due on demand as there was no set maturity. On September 16, 2019, the Company and a lender (collectively as Parties entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release Settlement Agreement to settle the June 2017 Note, July 2017 Note and January 2018 Note with an aggregate principal of and accrued interest of , for a total outstanding balance of . of which 250,000 was paid in cash and 180,000 in form of a 24-month interest free promissory with a maturity date of September 16, 2021 , and a default interest rate of , after which the original notes shall be retired and extinguished, and the Company released from any and all claims relating to the note including liens and foreclosures. The settlement resulted in a gain from extinguishment of debt in the amount of during the year ended September 30, 2019. The note with principal balance of is currently in default for non-payment. F-26 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 separate promissory notes to former director of the Company for and a third-party note holder for (the collectively as Notes ), for a total principal amount of which are both due on . The Notes shall be paid in equal monthly installments of including accrued interest with the first installment due on . The payment of the 6 promissory notes are guaranteed by the Company. In the event, the Company sells the Movie, the Notes including the accrued interest shall become immediately due and payable from the proceeds of such sale. These Notes totaling are currently in default for non-payment. The Company and Brian Lukow, CEO of the Company, have not transferred and assigned any of its rights, title and interest in the Movie equally to each holder of the Notes. As of September 30, 2021, these notes payable had an aggregate principal and aggregate accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2020, theses notes payable had an aggregate principal and aggregate accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2021, the Company had not made any payments towards the Notes. During the years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, in connection with the notes payable. Loans Payable Loans payable consisted of the following: Loans payable In June 2017, through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, CFTB GA, the Company received initial proceeds for a total of from an unrelated party (see below). Additionally, in July 2017, the Company entered into a loan agreement whereby the lender shall provide an additional loan up to for the purpose of completing the production of the Movie. Such loans bear no interest and is considered due on demand as there was no set maturity. Between July 2017 and August 2017, through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, CFTB GA, the Company received proceeds from this July 2017 loan agreement for a total of . The Company provided this lender a senior secured position with all the tax credits that will be due from the state of Georgia and city of Savannah and all excess deposits posted related to the filming of the Movie. In return for providing the additional loan of up to , the Company agreed to; (1) issue a note payable of 25,000 to the lender and; (2) the lender shall be entitled to a net profit from the Movie. In the event, the gets repaid, the lender s percentage ownership will decrease to . However, the percentage of ownership shall remain at . During fiscal year 2017, the Company recorded capitalized interest of 25,000 in production film cost and a corresponding increase in debt of in connection with the issuance of this loan bringing the loan balance to . The Company accounted for the above agreement in accordance with ASC 470-10-25, which requires that cash received from an investor in exchange for the future payment of a specified percentage or amount of future revenue shall be classified as debt. The Company does not purport the arrangements to be a sale and the Company has significant continuing involvement in the generation of cash flows due to the loan holder or investor. Consequently, the initial proceeds of was accounted for as liability or debt to be repaid only if there is a profit in the Movie. Additionally, ASC 470-10-35 requires amounts recorded as debt to be amortized under the interest method as described in ASC 835-30, Interest Method. The Company determined an effective interest rate based on estimated future expected cash flows to be paid to the investor. This rate represents the discount rate that equates estimated cash flows with the initial proceeds received from the investor and is used to compute the amount of interest to be recognized each period. Estimating the future cash outflows under this agreement requires the Company to make certain estimates and assumptions about future revenues and such estimates are subject to significant variability since the Movie was still in post-production stage, and thus were subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, the estimates are likely to change which may result in future adjustments to the accretion of the interest expense and the amortized cost based carrying value of the related loan. Accordingly, during fiscal year 2018, the Company estimated the cash flows associated with the Movie and determined a discount of which was being accounted for as interest expense over the 5-year estimated life of the Movie based on expected future revenue streams. As of September 30, 2019, the Company expects no profit from the Movie (see impairment expense in Note 2 Film Production Cost and reversed to profit interest recovery on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations the profit interest payable of which was recorded as of fiscal 2018 as well as the 300,000 liability discussed above and reversed the profit interest accrued during the year ended September 30, 2019 in the amount of , recorded as a credit to interest expense. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, loan payable net of unamortized debt discount amounted . F-27 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 to cover the Company s working capital. The note has a maturity date of , which shall be paid in eleven annual installments of commencing August 2022. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company repaid of the principal balance. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the note had principal balance of . During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company reclassified from due to related parties, 6,000 of the note balance discussed above and advance from a former member of the Board of Directors of that was received in the prior year, for a total amount of to loans payables (see Note 7). per month and shares of the Company s common stock per month calculated at per share (see Note 8). The Employment Agreement may be terminated by either party upon two months written notice. On February 16, 2018, the Company amended this Employment Agreement to increase Mr. Lukow s base salary from to per month. As September 30, 2021, and 2020, accrued salaries to Mr. Lukow amounted to and , respectively, and was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets (see Note 9). In December 2015, the Company through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tween Entertainment, executed a month-to-month operating lease agreement with the CEO of the Company. The lease premise is located in Mt. Kisco, New York and the initial term was for a period of 12 months commencing in December 2015 and expiring in December 2016. The lease is currently on a month-to-month basis. The lease requires the Company to pay a monthly base rent of . The Company has recorded rent expense of for both periods for the year ended September 30, 2021, and 2020 which was included as rent expense under general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company had accrued rent balance of and , respectively, reflected under accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the CEO loaned to the Company for working capital purposes which is reflected as due to related parties. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the CEO loaned an additional for working capital purposes. The loan is non-interest bearing and are due on demand. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company reclassified from due to related parties, a note balance of and advance from a former member of the Board of Directors of that was received in the prior year, for a total amount of 8,500 to loans payables (see Note 7). As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, this loan had a balance of and , respectively. The CEO of the Company, who is the creator, writer and also acted as a producer of the Crazy for The Boys movie is entitled to receive a writer s fee of and producer s fee of to be paid from gross revenues derived from the Crazy for The Boys movie or the sale of ancillary products. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company has an accrued balance of in accrued expenses - related party for services rendered by the CEO of the Company and a corresponding increase in film cost. In September 2019, pursuant to the Co-Production and Finance Agreement dated on July 24, 2019, the parent entity advanced to a related party vendor and in October 2019, another was advanced by our subsidiary, Carmel Valley Productions Inc. CVPI (see Note 9) for a total advance of . On January 17, 2020, our parent entity entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with our subsidiary, Carmel Valley Productions Inc. (CVPI whereby the Company sold any and all of its right to receive revenues or repayment from the advance on film rights under the terms of the Co-Production and Finance Agreement (see Note 4). F-28 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 shares. The increase in authorized common stock has been retroactively reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements (see Note 1 and Note 11). Common Stock Sale of Common Stock for Cash On November 14, 2019, fiscal year 2020, the Company sold shares of the Company s common stock for cash proceeds of under the Equity Financing Agreement with GHS. Common Stock Issued for Services During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to two directors of the Company as payment for services rendered pursuant to corporate director agreements (see Note 9). The Company valued these common shares at the fair value ranging from to per common share or based on the quoted trading price on the dates of grants. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of during the year ended September 30, 2021. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to the CEO as payment for services rendered pursuant to an Employment agreement (see Note 9). The Company valued these common shares at the fair value ranging from to per common share or based on the quoted trading price on the dates of grants. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of during the year ended September 30, 2021. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to two directors of the Company as payment for services rendered pursuant to corporate director agreements (see Note 9). The Company valued these common shares at the fair value ranging from to per common share or based on the quoted trading price on the dates of grants. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of during the year ended September 30, 2020. . During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to the CEO as payment for services rendered pursuant to an Employment agreement (see Note 9). The Company valued these common shares at the fair value ranging from to per common share or based on the quoted trading price on the dates of grants. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of during the year ended September 30, 2020. Common Stock Issued Upon Conversion of Notes Payable During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to various note holders upon the conversion of of principal amount, of accrued interest and of conversion fee, pursuant to the conversion terms of the convertible notes which contained embedded derivatives (see Note 5). The Company valued these shares of common stock at the fair value ranging from to per share or based on the quoted trading price on the dates of issuance. Accordingly, the Company recorded the difference between the converted amount and the fair value of the common stock issued as loss from extinguishment of debt which amounted to and derivative fair value of was recorded as a gain from extinguishment at the time of conversion during the year ended September 30, 2021. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to various note holders upon the conversion of of principal amount, of accrued interest and of conversion fee, pursuant to the conversion terms of the convertible notes which contained embedded derivatives (see Note 5). The Company valued these shares of common stock at the fair value ranging from to per share or based on the quoted trading price on the dates of issuance. Accordingly, the Company recorded the difference between the converted amount and the fair value of the common stock issued as loss from extinguishment of debt which amounted to and derivative fair value of was recorded as a gain from extinguishment at the time of conversion during the year ended September 30, 2020. F-29 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Granted Exercised/Forfeited - - - Balance as of September 30, 2020 Granted - - Exercised/Forfeited - - - Balance as of September 30, 2021 Warrants exercisable as of September 30, 2020 Weighted average fair value of warrants granted during the period In October 2019, the Company granted warrant to purchase of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of a convertible note (see Note 5). The warrant expires five years from the date of grant and has an exercise price of . The exercise price and the number of warrants is subject to adjustment pursuant to anti-dilution protection provision and other provisions as defined in the stock warrant agreement. The Company accounted for the warrant as a derivative liability since there were not enough authorized shares to cover all common stock equivalents and recorded a debt discount at relative fair value of using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. with the following assumptions: stock price of per share (based on the quoted trading price on the dates of grant), volatility of , expected term of five years, and a risk-free interest rate of . During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company recorded a debt discount of and a corresponding increase in derivative liabilities. The 400,000 warrants are also accounted for as derivative liabilities. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan In February 2017, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the 2017 Incentive Stock Plan covering shares of common stock. The purpose of the plan is designed to retain directors, executives and selected employees and consultants and reward them for making major contributions to the success of the Company. These objectives are accomplished by making long-term incentive awards under the Plan thereby providing Participants with a proprietary interest in the growth and performance of the Company. per month and shares of the Company s common stock per month calculated at per share (see Note 8). The Employment Agreement may be terminated by either party upon two months written notice. On February 16, 2018, . As September 30, 2021, and 2020, accrued salaries to Mr. Lukow amounted to and , respectively, and was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets (see Note 7). Corporate Director Agreements In October 2015, the Company entered into three corporate director agreements with Mr. Brian Lukow, Mr. Brian Gold and Ms. Aimee O Brien to serve as members of the Company s board of directors. The term of the agreements shall continue until September 30, 2016, unless earlier terminated by the Company. The term shall be automatically renewed for as long as the board of directors are re-elected or otherwise serve as members of the board of directors of the Company. As compensation for their services per the terms of their respective corporate director agreements, the Company pays fees to (i) Mr. Lukow of shares of the Company s common stock per month, (ii) Ms. O Brien of shares of the Company s common stock per month, and (iii) Mr. Gold of shares of the Company s common stock per month during the month of service. Pursuant to the agreement, the director who will introduce and arrange for equity funding and acquisitions shall be entitled with a commission fee as defined in the agreement. F-30 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 and 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company has paid during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017. The Company has not issued the shares as of September 30, 2021, and 2020, but has accrued the value of the shares of common stock upon completion of the services which amounted to which was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities as reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Equity Financing Agreement On April 11, 2018, the Company entered into an Equity Financing Agreement and Registration Rights with GHS Investments LLC GHS ), who is also a note holder. Although the Company is not mandated to sell shares under the Financing Agreement, . The was stated as the total amount of available funding in the Financing Agreement because this was the maximum amount that GHS agreed to offer the Company in funding. . In addition, there is an ownership limit for GHS of . GHS is not permitted to engage in short sales involving the Company s common stock during the term of the commitment period. Additionally, the Company issued to GHS a promissory note dated July 2018 as a commitment fee which shall mature months from execution (see Note 5). The Company recorded the commitment fee initially as deferred offering cost which was expensed during the fiscal year 2019 due to indefinite delay in the equity offering. As of September 30, 2020, the Equity Financing Agreement expired and the Registration Statement is no longer in effect. Operating Lease In December 2015, the Company executed a month-to-month operating lease agreement with the CEO of the Company. The lease premise is located in Mt. Kisco, New York and the initial term was for a period of months commencing in December 2015 and expiring in December 2016. The lease is currently on a month-to-month lease. The lease requires the Company to pay a monthly rent of . Rent expense was and for the years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Co-Production and Finance Agreement On June 19, 2019, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding MOU with Jeff Deverett which laid out the framework of producing, owning and distributing 20 films in the future over the course of five calendar years and as such entered into a definitive agreement. Under the framework, the Company shall establish a new company to be formed for the purpose of owning, financing, and in some instances distributing such films. Additionally, pursuant to the MOU, Jeff Deverett will enter into a 5-year employment agreement as President of the new company, and the initial board of Directors will consist of Brian Lukow, Jeff Deverett, and Elliot Bellen. On July 24, 2019, CVPI entered into a Co-Production and Finance Agreement to produce and own Full Out 2 FO2 ), a full-length motion picture that has been licensed by Netflix Global LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company s parent entity will provide its subsidiary, CVPI, a total of over the course of the period from , to December 24, 2019 (the Funding for the production of FO2. The film will be distributed by Gravitas Ventures, LLC. In July 2019, the parent entity disbursed to CVPI under the funding schedule which was then advanced to a related party production company controlled by Jeff Deverett to be used in the production of the film. In October 2019, another was advanced by CVPI (see Note 7) for a total advance of . On January 17, 2020, the Company sold CVPI (see Note 4) which included any of the Company s right to receive revenues or repayment from the advance on film rights under the terms of the FO2. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the advance of 100,000 was included in the loss on sale of subsidiary as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. F-31 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 Income tax benefit State tax rate at 5 Non-deductible expenses Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance Total provision for income tax The Company s approximate net deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset The net operating loss carryforward was at September 30, 2021. The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax asset for the year ended September 30, 2021, because it was not known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. The decrease in the allowance was ) in fiscal year 2021. The potential tax benefit arising from the loss carryforward of approximately accumulated through September 30, 2018, will expire in . The potential tax benefit arising from the net operating loss carryforward of from the period following to the Act s effective date can be carried forward indefinitely within the annual usage limitations. Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that could occur in the future. If necessary, the deferred tax assets will be reduced by any carryforward that expires prior to utilization as a result of such limitations, with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2021, 2020 and 2019 Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to Internal Revenue Service examination. F-32 Table of Contents ALL FOR ONE MEDIA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 . The increase in authorized common stock has been retroactively reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Issuance of Common Stock Subsequent to September 30, 2021, the Company issued to a lender, an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of principal amount of , accrued interest of and conversion fee of . This common stock had an aggregate grant date fair value of . Subsequent to September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock with grant date fair value of or an average of per share to officers and directors as stock-based compensation. F-33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 afom_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 afom_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, Brian Lukow, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of All for One Media Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 17, 2021 By: /s/ Brian Lukow Name: Brian Lukow Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 afom_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 afom_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of All for One Media Corp. (the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian Lukow, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: December 17, 2021 By: /s/ Brian Lukow Name: Brian Lukow Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 afom-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 afom-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 afom-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 afom-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

