<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211122_10-K_edgar_data_1368458_0001564590-21-057810.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18914679</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>336194</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1821483</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7859023</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2499903</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6020087</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-057810.hdr.sgml : 20211122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211119214355
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-057810
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001368458
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				362257936
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33145
		FILM NUMBER:		211430020

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3001 COLORADO BOULEVARD
		CITY:			DENTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(940) 898-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3001 COLORADO BOULEVARD
		CITY:			DENTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Sally Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-057810.txt : 20211122

10-K
 1
 sbh-10k_20210930.htm
 10-K

sbh-10k_20210930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED: 
 -OR- 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from _______________ to __________________ 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Zip Code) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on March 31, 2021, was approximately . At November 12, 2021, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 

9 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

21 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

22 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

24 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

25 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 

26 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

27 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

36 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

36 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

37 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

37 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

38 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

39 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

39 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

39 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

40 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

41 

ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

44 

i 

In this Annual Report, references to the Company, Sally Beauty, our company, we, our, ours and us refer to Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires. 
 cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements 
 Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated by reference herein which are not purely historical facts or which depend upon future events may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act. Words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, project, target, can, could, may, should, will, would, might, anticipates or similar expressions may also identify such forward-looking statements. 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as such statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results described in the forward-looking statements. The most important factors which could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are set forth in our description of risk factors in Item 1A to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which should be read in conjunction with the forward-looking statements in this report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 
 The events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. As a result, our actual results may differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements. 

ii 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Our Company 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. is an international specialty retailer and distributor of professional beauty supplies with operations in North America, South America and Europe. We are one of the largest distributors of professional beauty supplies in the U.S. based on store count. At September 30, 2021, we operated two business segments, Sally Beauty Supply SBS and Beauty Systems Group BSG ), with 4,777 company-operated stores, 134 franchised stores and several e-commerce platforms. Within BSG, we also have one of the largest networks of distributor sales consultants DSCs for professional beauty products in North America, with 719 sales consultants who sell directly to salons and salon professionals. SBS targets retail consumers, salons and salon professionals, while BSG exclusively targets salons and salon professionals. 
 We provide our customers with a wide variety of leading third-party branded and owned-brand professional beauty supplies, including hair color and care products, styling tools, skin and nail care products and other beauty items. For each of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, over 80 of our consolidated net sales were from customers located in the U.S. 
 The breadth, depth and professional quality of our hair color and hair care assortment provides us with a differentiated core business in an industry which is otherwise fragmented. Due to our long presence in the category, our brand heritage, our product and process-specific knowledge and our training of associates, we provide unmatched hair color and hair care expertise to consumers. We also have strong positioning with suppliers given our focus and our economies of scale of purchasing. Because we service retail and professional customers through a variety of channels, we are able to reach broad, diversified geographies and customer segments using a variety of product assortments and tactics. 
 Operating Strategy 
 Our mission is to empower our customers to express themselves through hair. Our strategy is to be the expert in hair color and hair care for the consumer and the salon professional. We emphasize hair color and hair care through our strategic product assortment and compelling customer experiences, while also focusing on our operating efficiency and increasing profitability. 
 We believe that we offer our customers a strong and differentiated value proposition by providing salon-quality products, including an extensive collection of owned and exclusive-label brands and solutions at attractive prices. 
 Our focus and experiences with hair color include a strong emphasis on our sales force. We believe our approach to recruiting, training, and compensation results in a highly knowledgeable, engaged and effective sales force. Also, as the partner of choice for established brands, as well as product innovators, we offer our customers a broad strategic product assortment. 
 Our stores are conveniently located and offer a wide selection of competitively priced beauty products, beauty solutions and expertise delivered by our knowledgeable sales associates. We also continue to expand our selection of textured hair products, including over 50 Black-founded brands, and offer innovation in the nails category that we believe further differentiates us from our competitors. 
 On the professional side of our business, we believe that our DSCs distinguish us from other full-service/exclusive-channel distributors by providing us with a better understanding of our professional customers needs. In addition to placing orders through our DSCs, our customers have the ability to order through our websites www.cosmoprofbeauty.com and www.cosmoprofequipment.com and the CosmoProf mobile commerce-based app) and pick up the products they need between visits from our DSCs by visiting a nearby BSG store. We believe that our differentiated customer value proposition and strong brands drive customer loyalty. 
 We continue to invest in initiatives that support our omni-channel strategies. Our goal is to deliver an easy, reliable shopping experience and deliver best-in-class customer service online and in stores. In connection with these investments, w e have robust omni-channel fulfillment capabilities such as parcel delivery, 2-hour rapid delivery, and buy online/pick up in-store BOPIS ). Additionally, we have recently relaunched mobile-optimized e-commerce websites and mobile apps. 
 - 1 - 

Professional Beauty Supply Industry Distribution Channels 
 The professional beauty supply industry serves end-users through four distribution channels: 
 Open-Line 
 This channel serves retail consumers and salon professionals through retail stores and e-commerce platforms. This channel is served by a large number of localized retailers and distributors, with only a few having a regional or national presence and significant channel share. We believe that SBS, with its nationwide network of retail stores, is the largest open-line distributor in the U.S. Our extensive store network allows us to service our customers when and where they want to shop with our in-store experience and omni service capabilities, including last-mile delivery. In addition, SBS s websites (including www.sallybeauty.com and other e-commerce platforms, including our new SBS mobile commerce-based app, provide retail consumers and salon professionals access to product offerings and information beyond our retail stores. 
 Full-Service/Exclusive 
 This channel exclusively serves salons and salon professionals and distributes professional-only and other products for use in salons and for resale to consumers in salons. Many brands are distributed through exclusive arrangements with suppliers by geographic territory. BSG is one of the leading full-service distributors in the U.S. and Canada, with its network of professional-only stores and DSCs. In addition, BSG offers its products for sale to salons and salon professionals through e-commerce platforms (including www.cosmoprofbeauty.com, www.cosmoprofequipment.com and the CosmoProf mobile commerce-based app). 
 Direct 
 This channel focuses on direct sales to salons and salon professionals by large manufacturers. This is the dominant form of distribution in Europe but represents a smaller channel in the U.S. due to the highly fragmented nature of the U.S. salon industry, which makes direct distribution costs prohibitive for many manufacturers. 
 Mega-Salon Stores 
 In this channel, large-format salons are supplied directly by manufacturers due to their significant purchase requirements. 
 Key Industry and Business Trends 
 We believe the following key industry and business trends and characteristics will influence our business and our financial results going forward: 
 High level of marketplace fragmentation. The U.S. salon industry is highly fragmented with salons and barbershops. Given the fragmented nature of the salon industry, we believe that salon operators will continue to depend on full-service/exclusive distributors and open-line channels for a majority of their beauty supply products. 
 Rapidly evolving consumer trends. Our industry is characterized by continuously changing fashion-related trends that drive new styles, including hair and nail styles, and continuing demand for beauty products . In addition, we expect millennials and the aging baby-boomer population in the U.S. to continue to drive sales growth in certain professional beauty product categories, including through an increase in the usage of hair color and care products. Our focus on hair color as a form of self-expression resonates with the Gen Z shoppers as their individualism is expressed through their hair journey. 
 We know convenience is important to customers and shopping patterns have changed post-COVID. We have made significant investments in projects to meet them where they are , including new capabilities and tools on our mobile-native websites and mobile apps. In addition, we continue to optimize our delivery modalities (curbside and in-store pickup, 2-hour/rapid delivery, as well as traditional delivery methods). 
 Increasing use of owned and exclusive-label brand products. We offer an extensive range of owned and exclusive-label brand professional beauty products. Our lines of owned and exclusive-label brand products have matured and become better known in our retail stores and e-commerce platforms, continuing to represent and ever increasing percentage of our overall sales. 
 - 2 - 

Growth in chair renting and frequent stocking needs. Salon professionals primarily rely on just-in-time inventory due to capital constraints and limited warehouse and shelf space. In addition, chair renters and suite renters, who now comprise a significant percentage of the total U.S. salon professionals, are often responsible for purchasing their own supplies. The number of chair renters and suite renters has significantly increased as a percentage of total salon professionals in recent years, and we expect this trend to continue. Chair renters and suite renters, given their smaller and more frequent purchasing patterns, are dependent on frequent trips to professional beauty supply stores. We expect that these factors will continue to drive demand for conveniently located professional beauty supply stores, like BSG and SBS. 
 Business Segments 
 We operate in two business segments: (i) SBS, an open-line retailer of professional beauty supplies offering professional beauty supplies to both retail consumers and salon professionals, in North America, South America and Europe, and (ii) BSG, including its franchise-based business Armstrong McCall, a full-service beauty supply distributor offering professional brands directly to salons and salon professionals through our own sales force and professional-only stores, many in exclusive geographical territories, in North America. SBS stores generally operate under the Sally Beauty banner, while BSG stores generally operate under the CosmoProf banner. 
 Neither the sales nor the product assortment for SBS or BSG are generally seasonal in nature. 
 The following table sets forth the percentage of our sales attributable to each of our major sales channels: 

SBS 

BSG 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Company-operated stores 

94.1 

91.8 

96.9 

69.1 

68.9 

69.4 

E-commerce 

5.9 

8.0 

2.8 

9.2 

8.7 

4.8 

Franchise stores 

0.2 

0.3 

7.5 

7.1 

7.6 

Distributor sales consultants 

14.2 

15.3 

18.2 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Store Design and Locations 
 Sally Beauty Supply 
 SBS stores are designed to highlight SBS s extensive product offering and differentiated position in hair color and hair care. In the U.S. and Canada, SBS stores average approximately 1,700 square feet in size and are located primarily in strip shopping centers, which are occupied by other high traffic retailers such as grocery stores, mass merchants and home improvement centers. SBS applies strong category management processes, including store specific planograms, to maintain consistent merchandise presentation across its store base. Store formats, including average size and product selection, vary by marketplace to meet the needs of the customer. 
 SBS balances its store renewals, remodels and expansions between new and existing geographies and regularly evaluates each store s performance and strategically closes stores as necessary. In its existing marketplaces, SBS adds stores as necessary to provide additional coverage. In new marketplaces, SBS generally seeks to expand in geographically contiguous areas to leverage its experience. SBS selects geographic areas and store sites on the basis of demographic information, the quality and nature of neighboring tenants, store visibility and location accessibility. 
 As of September 30, 2021, SBS had 3,547 company-operated retail stores, 2,685 of which are located in the U.S. (including Puerto Rico), with the remaining 862 company-operated retail stores located in Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, Chile and Peru. SBS also supplied two franchised stores located in the United Kingdom and Belgium. 
 Beauty Systems Group 
 BSG stores, including its franchise-based Armstrong McCall stores, are designed to create a professional shopping environment that highlights its extensive product offering and embraces the salon professional. Company-operated BSG stores average approximately 2,700 square feet and are located primarily in secondary strip shopping centers, since the stores are a destination for professionals not requiring a traffic-supporting neighbor retail location. BSG store layouts are designed to provide variety and options to the salon professional. Stores are segmented into 
 - 3 - 

distinctive areas arranged by product type, with certain areas dedicated to leading third-party brands. The selection of these and other brands varies by territory. 
 As of September 30, 2021, BSG operated 1,230 company-operated stores, with 1,100 located in the U.S. (including Puerto Rico) and the remaining 130 company-operated retail stores located in Canada. In addition, as of September 30, 2021, BSG supplied 132 franchised stores. 
 All SBS and BSG stores have implemented recommended practices and procedures within stores to ensure our customers and employees experience a safe and healthy environment, including, but not limited to, increased cleaning frequency and social distancing signage. 
 Merchandise 
 Sally Beauty Supply 
 SBS stores and websites carry an extensive selection of professional beauty supplies for retail customers, salons and salon professionals, featuring an average of 7,000 SKUs of beauty products in our stores across a variety of product categories including hair color and care, skin and nail care, styling tools and other beauty products. SBS s stores and e-commerce platforms carry products from one or more of the leading manufacturers in each category, including third-party brands such as Wella , Clairol , OPI , Conair and L Oreal , as well as an extensive selection of owned and exclusive-label brand products. We believe that delivering an extensive selection of leading third-party, owned and exclusive-label brand professional beauty products at attractive prices through knowledgeable sales associates and convenient store locations is what differentiates SBS. Additionally, we believe that carrying a wide selection of the latest premier branded merchandise is critical for SBS in building long-term relationships with its customers and attracting new customers. As beauty trends continue to evolve, SBS will continue to offer the changing professional beauty product assortment necessary to meet the needs of retail consumers and salon professionals. 
 In addition, SBS s extensive selection of owned and exclusive-label brand professional beauty products are only available at SBS stores and through its e-commerce platforms. We believe that SBS s owned and exclusive-label brand products offer equal or better quality than higher-priced leading third-party brands, providing the customer attractive alternatives to those brands at lower prices. Generally, SBS s owned-brand products have higher gross margins than the leading third-party branded products and, we believe, offer continued sales and profit growth potential. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, owned and exclusive-label brand products accounted for approximately 45 of SBS s product sales in the U.S. and Canada. SBS intends to continue to invest in the growth of its owned and exclusive-label brands and to actively promote these products. 
 Beauty Systems Group 
 BSG s stores and e-commerce platforms carry an extensive selection of third-party branded products, such as Paul Mitchell , Wella , Matrix , Schwarzkopf , Kenra , Goldwell , Joico and Olaplex , for salons and salon professionals at competitive prices. We feature an average of 10,000 SKUs in our BSG stores across a variety of product categories including hair color and care, skin and nail care, styling tools and other beauty items. Additionally, BSG has exclusive and non-exclusive distribution rights for well-known brands in certain geographies with several key vendors. As part of its growth strategy, BSG continues to pursue the acquisition of additional distribution rights. We believe that carrying an extensive selection of branded merchandise is critical to maintaining relationships with our professional customers. 
 We believe BSG is the largest full-service distributor of professional beauty supplies in North America exclusively targeting salons and salon professionals. Through BSG s large store base, e-commerce platforms and sales force, including Armstrong McCall, BSG is able to access a significant portion of the highly fragmented U.S. professional beauty salon products industry. 
 Marketing and Advertising 
 SBS s marketing programs are designed to drive customer traffic by differentiating SBS as a source of professional advice, solutions and salon-quality products at competitive prices, all backed by our Love It or Return It guarantee. We believe that recent initiatives have differentiated SBS through value added education and content, such as launching DIY University by Sally Beauty last year and through our SallyCrew educators. These programs provide hands-on education on a wide range of topics from the latest trends in hair color, textured hair, hair styling, and nails. 
 - 4 - 

We continuously adapt our marketing initiatives and adjust our media and messaging mix to achieve a high return on our marketing and advertising dollars. We target existing and potential customers through an integrated marketing approach designed to reach the customer through a variety of media, including digital advertising, email, social media, text messaging, direct mail and print advertising. 
 We continue to refine the strategy for sallybeauty.com and our other e-commerce platforms, becoming a more personalized and content-rich experience that empowers and inspires customers to discover new styles and find the confidence to try new products. We are building more robust tools to help customers understand not just what but how, and to do so in a way that is fast, easy, and built for mobile devices, where our customers increasingly are accessing us. Beyond generating e-commerce sales, we believe our website and new SBS mobile app are important vehicles to reach consumers researching beauty products online who could potentially visit our stores as a result of their experience on our website or our SBS mobile app. 
 Our customer loyalty and customer relationship management CRM programs in the U.S. and Canada help generate loyalty through our Sally Beauty Rewards Program and our private label rewards credit card. In return, we are able to collect valuable point-of-sale customer data as a means of increasing its understanding of customers needs and enhancing its ability to market to them in more personalized, relevant ways. We continue to assess and update our customer loyalty and CRM programs in an effort to further enhance the customer experience and promote repeat sales from both retail customers and salon professionals. Outside the U.S. and Canada, our customer loyalty and marketing programs vary by marketplace. 
 BSG s marketing programs are designed primarily to promote its extensive selection of brand name products at competitive prices and to educate, motivate and empower its customers to grow professionally. BSG communicates on a frequent basis with its customers and potential customers, and distributes promotional material through multiple communication channels, including trade shows, educational events, store personnel, DSCs, print mail, e-mail, app push notifications and social media. In addition, we believe that BSG s websites www.cosmoprofbeauty.com and www.cosmoprofequipment.com and the CosmoProf mobile commerce-based app enhance other efforts intended to promote awareness of BSG s products by salons and salon professionals. In addition, we believe the redesign of www.cosmoprofbeauty.com , the implementation of BOPIS, rapid delivery, and the upgrade of the CosmoProf mobile commerce-based app, which offers barcode scanning, updated order tracking and a digital membership card, enhance efforts intended to promote awareness and adoption of BSG products and services for salons and salon professionals. 
 As of September 30, 2021, BSG had a network of 719 DSCs, which exclusively consult, support and sell directly to salons and salon professionals. In order to provide a knowledgeable sales consultant team, BSG actively recruits and trains individuals with industry knowledge or sales experience. We believe that DSCs with broad product knowledge and direct sales experience are more successful in driving sales. Our sales commission program is an important component of the compensation of our DSCs, which is designed to drive sales and to focus DSCs on selling products that are best suited to individual salons and salon professionals. 
 Our Customers 
 We appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of professional-grade beauty products sold directly to retail consumers, salons and salon professionals. Historically, these factors have provided us with reduced exposure to downturns in economic conditions in the countries in which we operate. 
 Our Competition 
 The global beauty industry is highly competitive. SBS competes with domestic and international beauty product wholesale and retail outlets, including local and regional open-line beauty supply stores, professional-only beauty supply stores, mass merchandisers, online retailers, drug stores, department stores and supermarkets, as well as salons that sell hair care products. BSG competes primarily with domestic and international beauty product wholesale suppliers, including online retailers, and manufacturers selling professional beauty products directly to salons and individual salon professionals. The primary competitive factors in the beauty products distribution industry are the price at which branded and owned-brand products are sold to customers exclusive distribution contracts the quality, perceived value, consumer brand name recognition, packaging and variety of the products sold customer service the efficiency of distribution networks and the availability of desirable store locations. 
 We face competition from certain manufacturers that use their own sales forces to distribute their professional beauty products directly or that align themselves with our competitors. Some of these manufacturers are vertically integrating through the acquisition of distributors and stores. We also face competition from authorized and unauthorized retailers and internet sites offering professional salon-only products. 
 - 5 - 

Our Suppliers 
 We purchase our merchandise directly from manufacturers through supply contracts and by purchase orders. For fiscal year 2021, our five largest suppliers Wella Company, Henkel AG & Co. KGaA, the Professional Products Division of L'Oreal USA S/D, Inc., or L Oreal, John Paul Mitchell Systems, and Beauty Quest Group accounted for approximately 29 of our consolidated merchandise purchases. Products are purchased from these and many other manufacturers on an at-will basis or under contracts which can generally be terminated without cause upon 90 days or less notice or expire without express rights of renewal. 
 Our Company Purpose & Values 
 In late 2021, we released our new Company Purpose & Values, with the intent of establishing our rallying cry and focus our teams on the impact we intend to have in the world. 
 Purpose: TO INSPIRE A MORE COLORFUL, CONFIDENT, AND WELCOMING WORLD 
 Values: 

BE YOURSELF. Come as you are everyone is welcome here. 

BE AN INSPIRATION. Share your passion and knowledge with your team, your customers, the world. 

BE BOLD. Dive in. Move fast. Say yes. 

BE AN OWNER. Drive growth. Create your future. 

BE PART OF SOMETHING BIGGER. Take care of each other, our community, and our planet. 

 Our Associates 
 At September 30, 2021, we had approximately 29,000 global associates and we believe they are our greatest asset with their combined skills, knowledge, work/life experiences and capabilities. At the front line interacting with our customers or behind-the-scenes supporting our field teams, our associates play a huge role in our business. While we often emphasize our technology-based transformation and our wide variety of amazing hair and beauty products as key attributes, nothing happens or succeeds without our people. 
 In return for what they do for us, among many other things, we strive to: 

Ensure our associates work in a safe, healthy environment the importance of which has only risen in light of COVID-19 

Provide competitive total rewards packages that attract and retain talent in every facet of our business stores, direct sales, distribution centers and corporate headquarters 

Provide meaningful, engaging learning and development that grows our associates knowledge and capability with respect to our business and skills that will help them in business and life and 

Create an environment and culture where everyone can bring their true self to work, because our differences are what make us beautiful. At SBH, we believe our focus on Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging are crucial to improving how we interact with and influence our associates, customer environments and broader communities. We are committed to being a force for change. 

 Associate Health & Safety 
 We strive to create a safe and healthy work environment for all associates 
 SBH places a high value on the health and safety of our associates, customers, suppliers and vendors. This commitment is evidenced, in part, by our background check policy for new hires, training and policy implementations related to handling both associate and customer incidents, partnerships to maintain the stores and make necessary repairs, as well as ongoing support in the field and at the support center. 
 Additionally, SBH values our partnerships with suppliers and vendors and understands the impact they can have on our associates. Thus, SBH has included rules governing their conduct, both with respect to expectations while interacting with our associates, and, with our foreign suppliers, assurances that they too are providing a safe and healthy working environment for their associates. 
 Over the course of our fiscal year 2021, we have continued to adapt and respond to the various impacts of COVID-19 across our business. As mentioned above, our main focus has been on health and safety. Such efforts included 
 - 6 - 

various safety protocols such as detailed cleaning protocols, personal protective equipment requirements, and visual cues regarding social distancing, mask-wearing, etc. At times of peak case counts or the emergence of the new variants, we have instituted rolling, rapid testing for COVID-19 at a number of our distribution centers. We have continued to maintain and update these protocols, monitor for compliance and make improvements and adjustments where needed throughout fiscal year 2021. We have also managed through closures and capacity restrictions where required by local law, and sought to provide as much notice and support to our teams as reasonably possible. 
 Labor Practices 
 We provide competitive wages and benefits in a positive work environment where we focus on doing what is right 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer with up-to-date policies, procedures and practices with respect to such important issues as safety, discrimination, harassment and retaliation. We provide focused training on these issues to our associates and managers. 
 We clearly communicate that any concerns related to issues such as discrimination, harassment, retaliation and other issues such as wage law compliance and fraud should be reported immediately. We also communicate the avenues available to our associates to do so through our SBH CARES communications and posters. The reporting avenues include options to do so by phone or online through our Employee Concern Line , and to do so anonymously if an associate prefers to take that approach. 
 We ensure compliance with other important labor and employment law issues through a variety of processes and procedures, using both internal and external expertise and resources. 
 We also emphasize the importance of taking care of our associates in our Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is the standard of conduct that applies to all of our associates, executive officers and Board of Directors. The Code reflects the core principles of conducting our business as a good corporate citizen in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and the conduct business with regard for the welfare of our associates and providing equal opportunity to all associates and job applicants. You can review this important document at http://investor.sallybeautyholdings.com . 
 Associate Engagement, Development and Culture 
 We live our values, listen to our associates and take action 
 We make significant efforts to ensure our associates are engaged and excited about the work they are doing and contributions they are making to our Company and our customers. We are committed to providing associates with what they need to thrive and grow their career. 
 We significantly invest in our talent processes and set clear expectations around leadership competencies and our cultural values at all levels in the organization. At SBH, we consider the whole end-to-end talent cycle of an associate to ensure we select exceptional people to represent our business and best serve our customer. This includes, robust interviewing processes as well as comprehensive onboarding programs to ensure new hires are set up to succeed in their early stages of joining SBH. There is also a strong cadence on completing regular cycles of performance management, linked to our Company values and leadership competencies, as well as regular reviews of our talent and succession pipelines. 
 Importantly, we devote significant effort and resources to the development of our associates, including providing almost all of our associates access to state-of-the-art learning management systems. We use these platforms to provide specifically designed and interactive e-learning courses in sales and service, product and hair knowledge, compliance training, and health and safety. 
 We also place significant value and attention on responding to feedback and input from associates. This includes surveys regarding issues such as Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging and our annual engagement survey. We review our team s input and comments, identify common themes and set out action plans to respond. We believe listening is crucial, but taking action and making commitments are even more important. 
 A core focus of our associate engagement and culture are our efforts focused on Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging, discussed below. 
 Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging 
 At Sally Beauty we celebrate differences, inclusivity and self-expression. This fundamental aspect of SBH is rooted in our belief that beauty is for everyone and everyone should find their own path to beauty. Our associates and our customers care about celebrating diversity and self-expression. We want our company and our stores to be places where all of our associates and customers feel valued for who they are, and experience a sense of belonging. 
 - 7 - 

We come together to create a culture for One & All 
 Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging are at the heart of who we are as a Company at the Board level, throughout our global workforce, and in our shared commitment to serving a diverse customer base and their communities. 
 Our Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Mission Statement: 
 We find beauty in YOU! 
 Finding beauty in diversity is in our DNA because our differences are what make us beautiful. Our diversity, inclusivity, and self-expression are what fuel our innovation and growth. 
 At SBH, we come together to create a culture for ONE & ALL. 
 At the Board Level : Our Board s composition leads the Company s commitment to Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging. Having diverse voices on our Board enhances the Board s expertise, broadens its viewpoint and sets the tone to encourage leaders at all levels of the Company to listen to the concerns of our associates and customers alike. Our Compensation & Talent Committee provides hands-on oversight and guidance of our Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging initiatives. Our Board believes listening and responding to diverse voices is crucial to the Company s success and long-term sustainability. 
 In Our Workforce : Our SBH Team in the U.S. & Canada is over 91 female and over 50 racially/ethnically diverse. In 2019 and 2020, Forbes named our Company one of America s Best Employers for Diversity. In 2021, Forbes named SBH as one of America s Best Employers for Women. We recognize and celebrate the bedrock values of workforce diversity, inclusion, belonging and engagement within our teams. For us, these are key drivers of the success of the business, as our associates should and do reflect the various qualities of our customers and what they desire and expect from SBH. 
 In Our Customer Base : Our customers span the entire continuum of gender and ethnic diversity. We sell products to treat and style every kind of hair we deliver a tailored assortment of beauty products that serve the local communities where our over 4,200 U.S. and Canadian stores are located. Serving the diverse demographics and needs of our customers drives a culture and workforce that embraces and reflects the communities we serve. 
 We will continue to develop and evolve how we enhance Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging throughout SBH. We recognize the value these initiatives bring to our Company, our associates, our customers and the communities we serve. 
 Regulation 
 We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, which historically have not had a material effect on our business. For example, in the U.S., most of the products sold and the content and methods of advertising and marketing utilized are subject to both federal and state regulations administered by a host of federal and state agencies, including, in each case, one or more of the following: the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the Federal Trade Commission and the Consumer Products Safety Commission. The transportation and disposal of many of our products are also subject to federal and state regulation. State and local agencies regulate many aspects of our business. We also face comprehensive regulation outside the U.S., focused primarily on product labeling and safety issues. 
 As of September 30, 2021, SBS and BSG supplied franchised stores located in the U.S. and certain countries in Europe. As a result of these franchisor-franchisee relationships, we are subject to regulation when offering and selling franchises in the applicable countries. The applicable laws and regulations affect our business practices, as franchisor, in a number of ways, including restrictions placed upon the offering, renewal, termination and disapproval of assignment of franchises. To date, these laws and regulations have not had a material effect upon our operations. 
 
 - 8 - 

Access to Public Filings 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports are available, without charge, on our website, www.sallybeautyholdings.com , as soon as reasonably possible after they are filed electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, under the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains our reports, proxy and information statements, and other information we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We will provide copies of such reports to any person, without charge, upon written request to our Investor Relations Department at our principal office. The information found on our website shall not be considered to be part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Important risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods are described below. These factors are not intended to be an all-encompassing list of risks and uncertainties and are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. 
 Operational, Strategic and General Business Risks 
 The beauty products distribution industry is highly competitive and is consolidating. 
 The beauty products distribution industry is highly fragmented and competitive, with few significant barriers to entry into the marketplaces for most of the types of products we sell. We face significant competition from other beauty stores and outlets, salons, mass merchandisers, online retailers, drug stores and supermarkets. The primary competitive factors in the beauty products distribution industry are price, quality, perceived value, consumer brand name recognition, packaging and variety and availability, customer service, and desirable store locations. Competitive conditions may limit our ability to maintain prices or may require us to reduce prices in efforts to retain business or channel share, particularly because customers are able to quickly and conveniently comparison shop and determine real-time product availability using digital tools, which can lead to decisions driven solely by price, the functionality of the digital tools, or a combination of these and other factors. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do and are less leveraged than our business and may therefore be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions. We expect existing competitors, business partners and new entrants to the beauty products distribution industry to constantly revise or improve their business models in response to challenges from competing businesses, including ours. If these competitors introduce changes or developments that we cannot address in a timely or cost-effective manner, our business may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our industry is consolidating, which may give our suppliers and our competitors increased negotiating leverage and greater marketing resources. For instance, we may lose customers if those competitors which have broad geographic reach attract additional salons (individual and chain) that are currently BSG customers, or if professional beauty supply manufacturers align themselves with our competitors or begin selling direct to customers. Not only does consolidation in distribution pose risks from competing distributors, but it may also place more leverage in the hands of certain manufacturers, resulting in smaller margins on products sold through our network. 
 If we are unable to compete effectively in our marketplace or if competitors divert our customers away from our networks, it would adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to anticipate and effectively respond to changes in consumer preferences and buying trends in a timely manner. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely manner to changes in consumer spending patterns and preferences for specific beauty products. If we do not timely identify and properly respond to evolving trends and changing consumer demands for beauty products in the geographies in which we compete, our sales may decline significantly. Furthermore, we may accumulate additional inventory and be required to mark down unsold inventory to prices that are significantly lower than normal prices, which would adversely impact our margins and could further adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, a large percentage of our SBS product sales come from our owned and exclusive-label brand products. The 
 - 9 - 

development and promotion of these owned and exclusive-label brand products often occur well before these products are sold in our stores. As a result, the success of these owned and exclusive-label brand products is largely dependent on our ability to develop products that meet future consumer preferences at prices that are acceptable to our customers. Furthermore, we may have to spend a significant amount on the advertising and marketing of our owned and exclusive-label brands to drive customer awareness of these brands. There can be no assurance that any new owned and exclusive-label brand will meet consumer preferences, gain acceptance among our customer base or generate sales to become profitable or to cover the costs of its development and promotion. 
 We expect continuously changing fashion-related trends and consumer tastes to influence future demand for beauty products. Changes in consumer tastes and fashion trends can have an impact on our financial performance. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to trends in the marketplace for beauty products and changing consumer demands, our business could suffer. 
 Our future success depends in part on our ability to successfully implement our strategic initiatives to improve the customer experience, attract new customers and improve the sales productivity of our stores. 
 We are continuing the implementation of a significant number of strategic initiatives designed to play to win by focusing on our hair color and hair care business, improving our retail fundamentals, enhancing our digital capabilities and balancing our cost structure. There can be no assurance that these or future strategic initiatives will be successful. Furthermore, we are investing significant resources in these initiatives and the costs of the initiatives may outweigh their benefits. If these strategic initiatives are not successful, our same store sales will suffer and our growth prospects, financial results, profitability and cash flows will also be adversely impacted. 
 Our restructuring program may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring plans. 
 Our ability to grow profitably depends in large part on our ability to successfully control or reduce our operating expenses. In furtherance of this strategy, we have engaged in ongoing activities to reduce or control costs, some of which are complicated and require us to expend significant resources to implement. Over the past several years, we have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, restructuring plans to transform the Company for the future and support long-term sales growth and profitability. These programs are intended to touch all aspects of the business, enhance operating capabilities, create greater efficiencies and take advantage of our considerable scale. Restructuring plans present significant potential risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing our restructuring plans, as well as management distraction. The restructuring program and workforce changes may negatively impact communication, morale, management cohesiveness and effective decision-making. Despite these cost control plans, our costs may continue to increase for the foreseeable future. 
 We depend upon manufacturers who may be unable to provide products of adequate quality or who may be unwilling to continue to supply products to us. 
 We do not manufacture any products we sell, and instead purchase our products from recognized brand manufacturers and private label fillers. We depend on a limited number of manufacturers for a significant percentage of the products we sell. 
 Since we purchase products from many manufacturers and fillers under at-will contracts and contracts which can be terminated without cause upon 90 days notice or less, or which expire without express rights of renewal, manufacturers and fillers could discontinue sales to us immediately or upon short notice. Some of our contracts with manufacturers may be terminated if we fail to meet specified minimum purchase requirements. If minimum purchase requirements are not met, we do not have contractual assurances of continued supply. In lieu of termination, a manufacturer may also change the terms upon which it sells, for example, by raising prices or broadening distribution to third parties. For these and other reasons, we may not be able to acquire desired merchandise in sufficient quantities or on acceptable terms in the future. 
 Changes in SBS s and BSG s relationships with suppliers occur often and could positively or negatively impact the net sales and operating earnings of both business segments. Some of our suppliers may seek to decrease their reliance on distribution intermediaries, including full-service/exclusive and open-line distributors like BSG and SBS, by promoting their own distribution channels. These suppliers may offer advantages, such as lower prices, 
 - 10 - 

when their products are purchased from distribution channels they control. If our access to supplier-provided products were to diminish relative to our competitors or we were not able to purchase products at the same prices as our competitors, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Also, consolidation among suppliers may increase their negotiating leverage, thereby providing them with competitive advantages that may increase our costs and reduce our revenues, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the impact of these developments, if they were to occur, will not adversely impact revenue or margins or that our efforts to mitigate the impact of these developments will be successful. 
 Any significant interruption in the supply of products by manufacturers and fillers or disruptions in our supply chain infrastructure could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores and customers in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Manufacturers and owned and exclusive-label brand fillers of beauty supply products are subject to certain risks that could adversely impact their ability to provide us with their products on a timely basis, including inability to procure ingredients, industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, union organizing activity, disruptions in logistics or information systems, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, pandemics and other external factors over which neither they nor we have control. 
 In addition, we directly source many of our owned and exclusive-label brand products, including, but not limited to, styling tools, salon equipment, sundries and other promotional products, from foreign third-party manufacturers and many of our vendors also use overseas sourcing to manufacture some or all of their products. Any event causing a sudden disruption of manufacturing or imports from such foreign countries, including the imposition of additional or increased import restrictions, duties or tariffs, political instability, local business practices, legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers ability to produce and deliver products or acts of war or terrorism or pandemics, could materially harm our operations to the extent they affect the production, shipment or receipt of merchandise. Our operating results depend to some extent on the orderly operation of our receiving and distribution processes, which depend on manufacturers adherence to shipping schedules and our effective management of our distribution facilities and capacity. 
 We distribute products to our stores without supplementing such deliveries with direct-to-store arrangements from vendors or wholesalers. We are a retailer carrying beauty products that change on a regular basis in response to beauty trends, which makes the success of our operations particularly vulnerable to disruptions in our distribution infrastructure. Any significant interruption in the operation of our supply chain infrastructure, such as disruptions in our information systems, disruptions in operations due to fire or other catastrophic events, labor disagreements or shipping and transportation problems, could drastically reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide products and services to our stores, full service customers or e-commerce customers. 
 Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of inventory may result in higher cost of goods, which we may not be able to pass on to the customers. 
 Our suppliers frequently attempt to pass on higher production costs, which may impact our ability to maintain or grow our margins. The price and availability of raw materials may be impacted by demand, regulation, weather and other factors. Additionally, manufacturers have and may continue to have increases in other manufacturing costs, such as transportation, labor and benefit costs. These increases in production costs result in higher merchandise costs to us. We may not always be able to pass on those cost increases to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our e-commerce businesses may be unsuccessful or, if successful, may redirect sales from our stores. 
 We offer many of our beauty products for sale through our e-commerce businesses in the U.S. (such as www.sallybeauty.com , www.cosmoprofbeauty.com , www.cosmoprofequipment.com and mobile commerce-based apps) and abroad. We have recently undertaken a number of initiatives, including as part of our Transformation Plan and in response to COVID-19, to significantly advance our digital commerce capabilities and grow our e-commerce businesses. As a result, we are more susceptible to risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis and our 
 - 11 - 

ability to operate, support, expand and develop our e-commerce operations, websites and software and other related operational systems. 
 Although we believe our participation in both e-commerce and physical store sales is a distinct advantage for us due to synergies and the potential for new customers, supporting product offerings through both of these channels could create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. For example, growth in our e-commerce business relative to in-store sales may result in dilution of operating margin and profit due to higher delivery expenses incurred in our e-commerce sales. Furthermore, if our e-commerce businesses successfully grow, they may do so in part by attracting existing customers, rather than new customers, who choose to purchase products from us online rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. In addition, offering different products through each channel could cause conflicts and cause some of our current or potential internet customers to consider competing distributors of beauty products. In addition, offering products through our e-commerce channels (particularly directly to consumers through our professional business) could cause some of our current or potential vendors to consider competing internet offerings of their products either directly or through competing distributors. As we continue to grow our e-commerce businesses, the impact of attracting existing rather than new customers, of conflicts between product offerings online and through our stores, and of opening up our channels to increased internet competition could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including operating margin, profit, future growth and same store sales. Furthermore, our recent initiatives to upgrade our e-commerce platforms may not be successful in driving traffic to our websites and increasing our online sales in the long term, which could adversely impact our net sales. 
 Diversion of professional products sold by BSG could have an adverse impact on our revenues. 
 The majority of the products that BSG sells, including those sold by our Armstrong McCall franchisees, are meant to be used exclusively by salons and individual salon professionals or sold exclusively to their retail consumers. However, despite our efforts to prevent diversion, incidents of product diversion occur, whereby our products are sold by these purchasers (and possibly by other bulk purchasers such as franchisees) to wholesalers and ultimately to general merchandise retailers, among others. These retailers, in turn, sell such products to consumers. The diverted product may be old, tainted or damaged and sold through unapproved outlets, all of which could diminish the value of the particular brand. In addition, such diversion may result in lower net sales for BSG should consumers choose to purchase diverted products from retailers rather than purchasing from our customers, or choose other products altogether because of the perceived loss of brand prestige. Furthermore, in many instances, BSG is subject to certain anti-diversion obligations under these manufacturers contracts, that if violated may result in the termination of such contracts. In addition, our investigation and enforcement of these anti-diversion obligations may require us to cease selling to customers suspected of diversion which could impact BSG s net sales. 
 BSG s financial results are affected by the financial results of BSG s franchised-based business (Armstrong McCall). 
 BSG receives revenue from its sale of products to Armstrong McCall franchisees. Accordingly, a portion of BSG s financial results is dependent upon the operational and financial success of these franchisees, including their implementation of BSG s strategic plans. If sales trends or economic conditions worsen for Armstrong McCall s franchisees, their financial results may worsen. Additionally, the failure of Armstrong McCall franchisees to renew their franchise agreements, any requirement that Armstrong McCall restructure its franchise agreements in connection with such renewals, or any failure of Armstrong McCall to meet its obligations under its franchise agreements, could result in decreased revenues for BSG or create legal issues with our franchisees or with manufacturers. 
 Furthermore, our franchisees may not run the stores and sales teams according to our standards, which could have a material adverse effect on our brand reputation and our business. 
 We may not be able to successfully identify acquisition candidates or successfully complete desirable acquisitions, and any acquisition could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business or have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 In the past several years, we have completed multiple acquisitions and we intend to pursue additional acquisitions in the future. We actively review acquisition prospects we believe would complement our existing lines of business, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer profitable growth and operating efficiency opportunities. There can be no assurance we will continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates. 
 - 12 - 

Furthermore, due to, among other things, increasing competition for suitable acquisition candidates, our ability to reach agreement with acquisition candidates or finance such acquisitions on favorable terms, we may not be able to consummate such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all. 
 Any acquisitions we do make may be difficult to integrate profitably into our business and may entail numerous risks, including: 

difficulties in assimilating acquired operations, stores or products, including the loss of key employees from acquired businesses 

diversion of management s attention from our core business, including loss of management focus on marketplace developments 

operating inefficiencies and negative impact on profitability 

entering geographic areas or channels in which we have limited or no prior experience and 

unknown liabilities of the businesses that we acquire. 

 As a result, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions. 
 If we are unable to optimize our store base by profitably opening and operating new stores and closing less profitable stores, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our future growth strategy depends in part on our ability to optimize and profitably operate our stores in existing and additional geographic areas, including in international geographies, and to close underperforming stores. While the capital requirements to open an SBS or BSG store, excluding inventory, vary from geography to geography, such capital requirements have historically been relatively low in the U.S. and Canada. Despite these relatively low opening costs, we may not be able to open all the new stores we plan to open and we may be unable to optimize our store base by closing stores that are unprofitable or open stores that are profitable, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, as we continue to open new stores, our management, as well as our financial, distribution and information systems, and other resources will be subject to greater demands. If our personnel and systems are unable to successfully manage this increased burden, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially affected. 
 Use of social media may adversely impact our reputation. 
 There has been a substantial increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites and other forms of digital communications, and the influence of social medial influencers in the beauty products industry. Negative commentary regarding us or the products we sell may be posted on social media platforms or other electronic means at any time and may be adverse to our reputation or business. Customers value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. Any harm to us or the products we sell may be immediate without allowing us an opportunity for redress or correction. 
 We also use social media platforms as marketing tools. For example, we maintain Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest accounts. As laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees, or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices could adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. 
 In addition, we have agreements with a variety of industry influencers, and we feature industry influencers in our advertising and marketing efforts and may include them in some of our branding. Further, many industry influencers use our products and feature our products through their own platforms. Actions taken by these individuals could harm our brand image, net revenues and profitability. Our marketing efforts through social media platforms and influencers may not be successful and the availability of these platforms may make it easier for smaller competitors to compete with us. 
 - 13 - 

If we fail to attract and retain highly skilled management and other personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Our success has depended, and will continue to depend, in large part on our ability to attract and retain senior executives who possess extensive knowledge, experience and managerial skill applicable to our business. Significant leadership changes or executive management transitions involve inherent risk and any failure to ensure the effective transfer of knowledge and a smooth transition could hinder our strategic planning, execution and future performance. In addition, from time to time, key executive personnel leave our Company and we may not be successful in attracting, integrating and retaining the personnel required to grow and operate our business profitably. While we strive to mitigate the negative impact associated with the loss of a key executive employee, an unsuccessful transition or loss could significantly disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are also dependent on recruiting, training, motivating and managing our store employees that interact with our customers on a daily basis. Competition for these types of qualified employees is intense and the failure to attract, retain and properly train qualified and motivated employees could result in decreased customer satisfaction, loss of customers, and lower sales. In addition, our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates, unemployment levels, and health and other insurance costs the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, immigration, minimum wage, and healthcare benefits changing demographics and our reputation within the labor market. Our inability to control our labor costs could affect our results of operations and result in lower margins in our two segments. 
 Our associates or others may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with our policies and procedures. 
 We are exposed to the risk of misconduct or other improper activities by our associates and third parties such as independent contractors or agents. Misconduct by associates, independent contractors, or agents could include inadvertent or intentional failures to comply with our policies and procedures, the laws and regulations to which we are subject, and/or ethical, social, product, labor, and environmental standards. Our current and former associates or independent contractors may also become subject to allegations of sexual harassment, racial and gender discrimination, or other similar misconduct, which, regardless of the ultimate outcome, may result in adverse publicity that could significantly harm our brand, reputation, and operations. Associate misconduct could also involve improper use of information obtained in the course of the associate s prior or current employment, which could result in legal or regulatory action and harm to our reputation. 
 Regulatory, Legal and Cybersecurity Risks 
 If products sold by us are found to be defective in labeling or content, our credibility and that of the brands we sell may be harmed, marketplace acceptance of our products may decrease, and we may be exposed to liability in excess of our products liability insurance coverage and manufacturer indemnities. 
 We do not control the production process for the products we sell. We may not be able to identify a defect in a product we purchase from a manufacturer or owned and exclusive-label brand filler before we offer such product for resale. In many cases, we rely on representations of manufacturers and fillers about the products we purchase for resale regarding the composition, manufacture and safety of the products, as well as the compliance of our product labels with government regulations. Our sale of certain products exposes us to potential product liability claims, recalls or other regulatory or enforcement actions initiated by federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or through private causes of action. Such claims, recalls or actions could be based on allegations that, among other things, the products sold by us are misbranded, contain contaminants or impermissible ingredients, provide inadequate instructions regarding their use or misuse, or include inadequate warnings concerning flammability or interactions with other substances. Claims against us could also arise as a result of the misuse by purchasers of such products or as a result of their use in a manner different than the intended use. We may be required to pay for losses or injuries actually or allegedly caused by the products we sell and to recall any product we sell that is alleged to be or is found to be defective. Furthermore, such claims could have an adverse impact on our reputation. 
 - 14 - 

Any actual defects or allegations of defects in products sold by us could result in adverse publicity and harm our credibility or the credibility of the manufacturer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we may have indemnification rights against the manufacturers of many of the products we distribute and rights as an additional insured under the manufacturers insurance policies, it is not certain that any manufacturer or insurer will be financially solvent and capable of making payment to any party suffering loss or injury caused by products sold by us or if all losses would be covered by such indemnification rights or insurance policies. If we are forced to expend significant resources and time to resolve such claims or to pay material amounts to satisfy such claims, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could be adversely affected if we do not comply with current laws and regulations or if we become subject to additional or more stringent laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the U.S., as well as applicable laws and regulations in each foreign marketplace in which we do business. These laws and regulations govern the composition, packaging, labeling and safety of the products we sell, as well as the methods we use to sell and import these products and other aspects of our business. Non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations of governmental authorities, including the FDA and similar authorities in other jurisdictions, by us or the manufacturers and fillers of the products sold by us could result in fines, product recalls and enforcement actions, and otherwise restrict our ability to market certain products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the laws and regulations applicable to us or manufacturers of the products sold by us may become more stringent. Failure to comply with these new and existing regulations could result in significant fines or damages, in addition to costs and expenses to defend claims related thereto. Legal compliance could also lead to considerably higher internal regulatory costs. Manufacturers may try to recover some or all of any increased costs of compliance by increasing the prices at which we purchase products, and we may not be able to recover some or all of such increased cost in our own prices to our customers. We are also subject to state and local laws and regulations that affect our franchisor-franchisee relationships. Increased compliance costs and the loss of sales of certain products due to more stringent or new laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The risks associated with climate change and other environmental impacts and increased focus by stakeholders on environmental issues, including those associated with climate change, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Climatologists predict the long-term effects of climate change and global warming will result in the increased frequency, intensity, and duration of weather events, which could significantly disrupt supply chains, potentially impacting our vendors raw material costs and the production of products sold at our stores. These weather events could also lead to an increased rate of temporary store closures and reduced customer traffic at our stores. 
 In addition, concern over climate change may result in new or increased regional, federal or global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases. These requirements may lead to an increase in tax, transportation, and utility expenses. 
 Lastly, there is increased focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, customers and consumers on these and other environmental sustainability matters, including deforestation, land use, climate impact and recyclability or recoverability of packaging, including plastic. Our reputation could be damaged if we or others in our industry do not act, or are perceived not to act, responsibly with respect to our impact on the environment. 
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights or if our products are found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, it could materially and negatively impact our business. 
 We rely upon trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our trademarks, certain of which are material to our business, are registered or legally protected in the U.S., Canada and other countries in which we operate. The success of our business depends to a certain extent upon the value associated with our intellectual property rights. We protect our intellectual property rights through a variety of methods, including, but not limited to, applying for and obtaining trademark protection in the U.S., Canada and other 
 - 15 - 

countries throughout the world in which our business operates. We also rely on trade secret laws, in addition to confidentiality agreements with vendors, employees, consultants and others who have access to our proprietary information. While we intend to vigorously protect our trademarks against infringement, we may not be successful. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. The costs required to protect our intellectual property rights and trademarks are expected to continue to be substantial. 
 Furthermore, the industry in which we operate is characterized by the need for a large number of copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. A third-party may at any time assert our products violate such party s intellectual property rights. Successful intellectual property claims against us could result in significant financial liabilities and/or prevent us from selling certain of our products. In addition, the resolution of infringement claims may require us to redesign our products, to obtain licenses to use intellectual property belonging to third parties, which may not be attainable on reasonable terms, or to cease using the intellectual property altogether. 
 We may be adversely affected by any disruption in our information technology systems. 
 Our operations are dependent upon our information technology systems, which encompass all of our major business functions. A substantial disruption in our information technology systems for any prolonged time period (arising from, for example, system capacity limits from unexpected increases in our volume of business, outages or delays in our service) could result in delays in receiving inventory and supplies or filling customer orders and adversely affect our customer service and relationships. In addition, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including, without limitation, fire, natural disasters, power outages, systems disruptions, system conversions, security breaches, cyberattacks, phishing attacks, viruses and/or human error. In any such event, we could be required to make a significant investment to fix or replace our information technology systems, and we could experience interruptions in our ability to service customers. Such delays, problems or costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We continuously need to improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining their reliability and integrity. The expansion of our systems and infrastructure will require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources before the volume of our business increases, with no assurance the volume of business will increase. The development and implementation of new systems and any other future upgrades to our systems and information technology may require significant costs and divert our management s attention and other resources from our core business. There are also no assurances these new systems and upgrades will provide us with the anticipated benefits and efficiencies. Many of our systems are proprietary, and as a result our options are limited in seeking third-party help with the operation and upgrade of those systems. There can be no assurance the time and resources our management will need to devote to operations and upgrades, any delays due to the installation of any upgrade (and customer issues therewith), any resulting service outages, or the impact on the reliability of our data from any upgrade or any legacy system, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, control environment or results of operations. 
 Unauthorized access to confidential information and data on our information technology systems and security and data breaches could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 As part of our operations, we receive and maintain information about our customers, employees and other third parties. We have physical, technical and procedural safeguards in place that are designed to protect information and protect against security and data breaches as well as fraudulent transactions and other activities. Despite these safeguards and our other security processes and protections, we cannot be assured that all of our systems and processes are free from vulnerability to security breaches (through cyber-attacks, which are evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, physical breach or other means) or inadvertent data disclosure by third parties or us. 
 A significant data security breach, including misappropriation of our customers or employees confidential information, could result in significant costs to us, which may include, among others, potential liabilities to payment card networks for reimbursements of credit card fraud and card reissuance costs, including fines and penalties, potential liabilities from governmental or third-party investigations, proceedings or litigation, legal, forensic and consulting fees and expenses, costs and diversion of management attention required for investigation and remediation actions, and the negative impact on our reputation and loss of confidence of our customers, suppliers 
 - 16 - 

and others, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Further, we are subject to an evolving body of federal, state and non-U.S. laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and principles regarding data privacy and security. Several governments, including the EU, have regulations dealing with the collection and use of personal information obtained from their citizens, and regulators globally are also imposing greater monetary fines for privacy violations. As of May 2018, the European privacy regulation General Data Protection Regulation GDPR went into effect, strengthening and expanding the rules pertaining to how organizations are required to handle the personal data of individuals located in the EU at the time the data is collected. GDPR establishes new requirements regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the GDPR may result in significant monetary penalty. In addition, the State of California recently enacted a data privacy law applicable to entities serving or employing California residents (the CCPA that required compliance by January 2020. Any potential inability to comply with such laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and principles or to quickly adapt our practices to reflect them as they develop, could potentially subject us to significant fines, damages, liabilities and reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In response to prior data security incidents, we have taken and are continuing to take actions to further strengthen the security of our information technology systems, including adopting payment terminals with end-to-end encryption technology in order to enhance the security of our credit card payment systems. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance our security upgrades will be effective, we will not suffer a similar criminal attack in the future, unauthorized parties will not gain access to confidential information, or any such incident will be discovered promptly. In particular, we understand that the techniques used by criminals to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. The failure to promptly detect, determine the extent of and appropriately respond to a significant data security breach could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 General Economic, Market and Foreign Risks 
 The political, social and economic conditions in the geographies we serve may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products and salon services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy and regulatory environment generally, both in the U.S. and internationally. Concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic and future pandemics, inflation, employment, tax laws, energy costs, geopolitical issues, uncertainty with respect to elections, terrorism, civil unrest, the availability and cost of credit, the mortgage market, sovereign and private banking systems, sovereign deficits and increasing debt burdens and the real estate and other financial markets in the U.S. and Europe have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the U.S. and certain foreign economies. We appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of beauty products sold directly to retail consumers and salons and salon professionals. Continued uncertainty in the economy could adversely impact consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products, as well as adversely impact the frequency of salon services performed by professionals using products purchased from us. Factors that could affect consumers willingness to make such discretionary purchases include: general business conditions, levels of employment, interest rates, tax rates, the availability of consumer credit and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. As we have experienced and continue to experience with the COVID-19 pandemic, a prolonged economic downturn or acute recession, can adversely affect consumer spending habits and result in lower than expected net sales. The economic climate could also adversely affect our vendors. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters or acts of violence or terrorism could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters or acts of violence, terrorism or civil unrest could result in physical damage to our properties, the temporary closure of stores or distribution centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products (or a substantial increase in the cost of those products) from domestic or foreign suppliers, the temporary disruption in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers (or a substantial increase in the cost of those deliveries), the temporary reduction in the availability of 
 - 17 - 

products in our stores, and/or the temporary reduction in visits to stores by customers. If one or more natural disasters or acts of violence or terrorism were to impact our business, we could, among other things, incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing products. Furthermore, insurance costs associated with our business may rise significantly in the event of a large scale natural disaster or act of violence or terrorism. 
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations could result in higher costs and decreased margins and earnings. 
 Many of our products are sold outside of the United States. As a result, we conduct transactions in various currencies, which increase our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. Our international revenues and expenses generally are derived from sales and operations in foreign currencies, and these revenues and expenses could be affected by currency fluctuations, including amounts recorded in foreign currencies and translated into U.S. dollars for consolidated financial reporting. Currency exchange rate fluctuations could also disrupt the business of the independent manufacturers that produce our products by making their purchases of raw materials, as well as transportation and freight, more expensive and more difficult to finance. Foreign currency fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic, and governmental authorities around the world implemented various measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, including shelter-in-place and quarantine orders. As a result of COVID-19 and these measures, for part of fiscal year 2020 we temporarily closed all U.S. and Canadian retail and wholesale store fronts to customers and temporarily idled a number of our distribution centers. While our stores have remained open for fiscal year 2021, there is no guarantee that we will not have to close stores in the future as a result of COVID-19 or its variants, or measures designed to reduce the spread of COVID-19, and any such store closures or related business disruptions may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We have taken and continue to take decisive actions across our businesses to help protect employees, customers, and others in the communities we serve in response to the impact of COVID-19. These actions include increased sanitization and social distancing practices in our stores and remote work arrangements for a significant number of our corporate employees. These actions have the potential to increase our operating costs and decrease consumer traffic in our stores. 
 While the COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material impact on our supply chain, it has the potential to have a meaningful impact on our supply chain if the factories that manufacture our products, the distribution centers where we manage our inventory, or the operations of our logistics and other service providers are disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages. We may also see disruptions or delays in shipments and negative impacts to pricing of certain products as a result of such disruptions. 
 In addition, the disruption to the global economy and to our business, along with a sustained decline in our stock price, may lead to triggering events that may indicate that the carrying value of certain assets including inventories, accounts receivables, long-lived assets, intangibles and goodwill may not be recoverable, which could lead to impairment or other asset write-downs in the future. 
 Changes in consumer behavior as a result of COVID-19 may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Consumer fears about becoming ill with COVID-19 will continue in the near-term and consumer behavior may fundamentally change as a result of COVID-19 in both the near and long term. As a result, traffic in retail stores, including our stores, in the short term has been and in the long term may be materially and adversely affected with more consumers relying on e-commerce to purchase beauty products. Consumer spending may also be negatively impacted by general macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence, including the impacts of the recession which resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic. All of this could materially and adversely impact sales at our retail stores. While we have accelerated the roll-out of our digital programs in response to the temporary closure of our stores and potential changes in consumer behavior, there is no guarantee we will be successful in growing our e-commerce sales or materially offsetting lower sales at our retail stores. We have expended and plan to continue to expend significant resources to strengthen our digital platforms and we are re-designing our supply chain to focus 
 - 18 - 

more on e-commerce sales and fulfillment in the future, each of which have resulted in additional unexpected capital expenditures, business disruption and lower margin sales. 
 A reduction in traffic to, or the closing of, other retailers in shopping areas where our SBS stores are located could significantly reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. 
 As a result of our real estate strategy, most of our SBS stores are located in strip shopping centers. These strip shopping centers are occupied by other high traffic retailers such as grocery stores, mass merchants and home improvement centers. As a consequence of most of our SBS stores being located in strip shopping centers, our sales are derived, in part, from the volume of traffic generated by the other high traffic retailers where our stores are located. Customer traffic to these strip shopping centers may be adversely affected by the closing of stores in the strip shopping center, or by a reduction in traffic to such stores resulting from a regional or global economic downturn, an outbreak of flu or other viruses (such as COVID-19), a general downturn in the local area where our SBS store is located, or a decline in the desirability of the shopping environment of a particular strip shopping center. Such a reduction in customer traffic could reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our same store sales and quarterly financial performance may fluctuate for a variety of reasons. 
 Our same store sales and quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of factors affect our same store sales and quarterly financial performance, including: 

changes in our merchandising strategy or mix 

a portion of a typical new store s sales (or sales we make over our e-commerce channels) coming from customers who previously shopped at other existing stores 

the timing and effectiveness of our marketing and promotional activities and those of our competitors 

the effects of severe weather events or other natural disasters 

the number of shopping days in a quarter 

fluctuations in the cost to us of products we sell 

store closures in response to state or local regulations due to the COVID-19 pandemic or other health concerns and 

worldwide economic conditions and, in particular, the retail sales environment in the North America and Europe 

 Accordingly, our results, including same store sales, for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and may even decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A portion of our indebtedness is subject to floating interest rates. 
 Borrowings under our ABL facility and the variable portion of our term loan B are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates were to increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness referred to above would increase even if the principal amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows will correspondingly decrease. We are currently party to, and in the future, we may enter into additional, derivative instruments, such as interest rate caps, to reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates. However, we may not maintain derivative instruments with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any instruments we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 In addition, amounts drawn under our ABL facility and the variable portion of our term loan B may bear interest rates in relation to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). It is unclear if LIBOR will cease to exist at the 
 - 19 - 

end of 2021, when it is intended to be phased out, or if new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021. While both the ABL facility and the variable portion of our term loan B contain fallback provisions providing for alternative rate calculations in the event LIBOR is unavailable, these fallback provisions may not adequately address the actual changes to LIBOR or successor rates. 
 We have substantial debt and may incur substantial additional debt, which could adversely affect our financial health, our ability to obtain financing in the future and our ability to react to changes in our business. 
 As of September 30, 2021, certain of our subsidiaries, including Sally Holdings LLC, which we refer to as Sally Holdings, had an aggregate principal amount of approximately 1.4 billion of outstanding debt, including capital lease obligations. 
 Our substantial debt could have significant consequences. For example, it could: 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to our lenders, resulting in possible defaults on and acceleration of such indebtedness 

limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or general corporate purposes 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases and other general corporate purposes 

restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us, which could limit our ability to conduct repurchases of our own equity securities or pay dividends to our stockholders, thereby limiting our ability to enhance stockholder value through such transactions 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations (because a portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest), including borrowings under our 500 million asset-based senior secured loan facility, which we refer to as the ABL facility and a portion of our term loan B 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with proportionately less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates and that, as a result, may be better positioned to withstand economic downturns 

require us to comply with restrictive covenants that may restrict our ability to, among other things, pay dividends, conduct share repurchases, make acquisitions, dispose of assets or prepay debt 

limit our ability to refinance indebtedness or cause the associated costs of such refinancing to increase and 

limit our flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and ability to withstand competitive pressures, or prevent us from carrying out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy and efforts to improve operating margins or our business. 

 Any of the foregoing impacts of our substantial indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 - 20 - 

Each of our ABL facility, institutional term loan and senior notes contain certain covenants and restrictions that we are required to comply with. Our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by economic, financial and industry conditions beyond our control. The breach of any of these covenants and restrictions could result in a default under either the ABL facility, the institutional term loan or the indentures that would permit the applicable lenders or senior note holders, as the case may be, to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations, such as the lenders under the ABL facility, could proceed against the collateral securing the debt. In any such case, our subsidiaries may be unable to borrow under the ABL facility and may not be able to repay the amounts due under the senior notes and the institutional term loan. This could have serious consequences to our financial condition and results of operations and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent. 
 In addition, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. As of September 30, 2021, our ABL facility provided us commitments for additional borrowings of up to approximately 468.5 million, subject to borrowing base limitations, outstanding letters of credit and limitations on cash hoarding above certain balances, once utilized. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we face would increase, and we may not be able to meet all our debt obligations. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 - 21 - 

ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Substantially all of our stores and a number of our warehouse and remote office locations are leased while our corporate headquarters in Denton, Texas and three warehouses/distribution centers are owned. The average store lease is for a term of five years with customary renewal options. The following table provides the number of stores per state in the U.S. and certain international locations, as of September 30, 2021: 

SBS 

BSG 

Location 

Company- 
 Operated 

Franchise 

Company- 
 Operated 

Franchise 

United States (including Puerto Rico) 

Alabama 

46 

12 

2 

Alaska 

4 

3 

Arizona 

81 

34 

4 

Arkansas 

27 

10 

California 

267 

156 

Colorado 

54 

18 

Connecticut 

28 

24 

Delaware 

6 

2 

Florida 

205 

77 

2 

Georgia 

89 

27 

2 

Hawaii 

7 

5 

Idaho 

14 

11 

Illinois 

94 

51 

Indiana 

58 

32 

Iowa 

25 

13 

Kansas 

22 

11 

Kentucky 

42 

21 

Louisiana 

45 

16 

Maine 

7 

4 

Maryland 

38 

22 

Massachusetts 

46 

26 

Michigan 

70 

35 

Minnesota 

39 

20 

Mississippi 

29 

2 

6 

Missouri 

51 

19 

Montana 

8 

7 

Nebraska 

19 

8 

Nevada 

34 

14 

New Hampshire 

17 

8 

New Jersey 

49 

17 

New Mexico 

26 

4 

3 

New York 

88 

50 

North Carolina 

101 

40 

North Dakota 

4 

6 

Ohio 

118 

58 

Oklahoma 

45 

3 

5 

Oregon 

32 

13 

Pennsylvania 

88 

57 

Puerto Rico 

37 

2 

Rhode Island 

9 

4 

South Carolina 

43 

13 

South Dakota 

6 

4 

Tennessee 

70 

30 

- 22 - 

Texas 

294 

7 

92 

Utah 

33 

21 

Vermont 

2 

1 

Virginia 

65 

33 

Washington 

50 

30 

West Virginia 

14 

7 

Wisconsin 

35 

26 

Wyoming 

4 

2 

Total United States (including Puerto Rico) 

2,685 

1,100 

132 

International: 

United Kingdom 

243 

1 

Mexico 

235 

Canada 

132 

130 

France 

75 

Belgium 

50 

1 

Chile 

35 

Netherlands 

29 

Spain 

24 

Other 

39 

Total International 

862 

2 

130 

Total Store Count 

3,547 

2 

1,230 

132 

The following table provides locations for our significant offices and warehouses and our corporate headquarters, as of September 30, 2021: 

Location 

Type of Facility 

Sq. Feet 

Business 
 Segment 

Company-Owned Properties: 

Denton, Texas 

Corporate Headquarters 

200,000 

N/A 

Reno, Nevada 

Warehouse 

253,000 

SBS 

Columbus, Ohio 

Warehouse 

246,000 

SBS 

Jacksonville, Florida 

Warehouse 

237,000 

SBS 

Leased Properties: 

Fort Worth, Texas 

Warehouse 

494,000 

SBS & BSG 

Greenville, Ohio 

Warehouse 

246,000 

BSG 

Fresno, California 

Warehouse 

200,000 

BSG 

Blackburn, Lancashire, England 

Warehouse 

195,000 

SBS 

Spartanburg, South Carolina 

Warehouse 

190,000 

BSG 

Pottsville, Pennsylvania 

Warehouse 

140,000 

BSG 

Clackamas, Oregon 

Warehouse 

104,000 

BSG 

Ghent, Belgium 

Office, Warehouse 

94,000 

SBS 

Ronse, Belgium 

Office, Warehouse 

91,000 

SBS 

Guadalupe, Nuevo Leon, Mexico 

Warehouse 

78,000 

SBS 

Ghent, Belgium 

Warehouse 

67,000 

SBS 

Calgary, Alberta, Canada 

Warehouse 

62,000 

BSG 

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada 

Warehouse 

60,000 

BSG 

Saint-Jerome, Quebec, Canada 

Warehouse 

52,000 

BSG 

- 23 - 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved, from time to time, in various claims and lawsuits incidental to the conduct of our business in the ordinary course. We carry insurance coverage in such amounts in excess of our self-insured retention as we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and may or may not cover any or all of our liabilities in respect of these matters. We do not believe the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 
 We are subject to a number of U.S., federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as the laws and regulations applicable in each foreign country or jurisdiction in which we do business. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, the composition, packaging, labeling and safety of the products we sell, the methods we use to sell these products and the methods we use to import these products. We believe we are in material compliance with such laws and regulations, although no assurance can be provided that this will remain true going forward. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable 
 - 24 - 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SBH. 
 Holders 
 As of November 12, 2021, there were 558 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid dividends at any time during the two fiscal years prior to the date of this Annual Report. We currently anticipate we will retain future earnings to support investments in our business, to repay outstanding debt or to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. Any determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, cash requirements and other factors our Board of Directors deem relevant. Furthermore, as a holding company we rely on cash from our subsidiaries to pay dividends. The terms of our debt agreements and instruments significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to make certain restricted payments to us and our ability to pay dividends. Additionally, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future that may severely restrict or prohibit our subsidiaries from making distributions, paying dividends or making loans to us. 
 - 25 - 

Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph illustrates the five-year comparative total return among Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., the S&P 500 Index S&P 500 and the Dow Jones U.S. Specialty Retailers Index DJ US Specialty Retailers assuming 100 was invested on September 30, 2016, and dividends, if any, were reinvested. The DJ US Specialty Retailers is a non-managed index and provides a comprehensive view of issuers, including our common stock, that are primarily in the U.S. retail sector. 

Fiscal year ended 

September 30, 2016 

September 30, 2017 

September 30, 2018 

September 30, 2019 

September 30, 2020 

September 30, 2021 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 

100.00 

76.25 

71.61 

57.98 

33.84 

65.62 

S&P 500 

100.00 

118.61 

139.85 

145.80 

167.89 

218.27 

DJ US Specialty Retailers 

100.00 

112.87 

168.79 

159.87 

229.44 

290.58 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 - 26 - 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following section discusses management s view of Sally Beauty s financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, for a discussion of the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019. This section should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Sally Beauty and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section may contain forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements that could cause results to differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. 
 Highlights of the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021: 

Consolidated net sales for the fiscal year increased 360.7 million, or 10.3 , to 3,875.0 million and included a positive impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 32.9 million, or 0.9 of consolidated net sales 

Consolidated same store sales for the fiscal year increased 10.2 , compared to the prior fiscal year 

Consolidated gross profit increased by 237.7 million, or 13.9 , to 1,953.3 million. Gross margin increased 160 basis points to 50.4 compared to the prior fiscal year 

Consolidated operating earnings for the fiscal year increased 159.7 million, or 61.7 , to 418.4 million. Operating margin increased 340 basis points to 10.8 compared to the prior fiscal year 

Consolidated net earnings for the fiscal year increased 126.6 million, or 111.8 , to 239.9 million 

Diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year were 2.10 compared to 0.99 for the prior fiscal year 

Cash provided by operations was 381.9 million for the fiscal year compared to 426.9 million for the prior fiscal year 

 Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business and Business Strategy Update 
 COVID-19 restrictions on our global store operations continued to ease over the fiscal year. However, due to the continued uncertainty over the duration and severity of the economic and operational impacts of COVID-19, the adverse impact of the pandemic will likely continue into fiscal year 2022 and possibly beyond, and it may be material. 
 Furthermore, we made substantial progress against our key business initiatives, which includes leveraging and optimizing our elevated digital capabilities, growing our customer engagement and loyalty, and implementing the final steps in our successful transformation journey. 
 
 - 27 - 

Results of Operations 
 Key Operating Metrics 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information concerning key measures we rely on to assess our operating performance (dollars in thousands): 

2021 vs 2020 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

Amount 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Net sales: 

SBS 

2,278,382 

2,080,703 

197,679 

9.5 

BSG 

1,596,615 

1,433,627 

162,988 

11.4 

Consolidated 

3,874,997 

3,514,330 

360,667 

10.3 

Gross profit: 

SBS 

1,318,473 

1,132,436 

186,037 

16.4 

BSG 

634,861 

583,158 

51,703 

8.9 

Consolidated 

1,953,334 

1,715,594 

237,740 

13.9 

Segment gross margin: 

SBS 

57.9 

54.4 

350 

bps 

BSG 

39.8 

40.7 

(90 

bps 

Consolidated 

50.4 

48.8 

160 

bps 

Net earnings: 

Segment operating earnings: 

SBS 

417,658 

237,588 

180,070 

75.8 

BSG 

205,078 

194,206 

10,872 

5.6 

Segment operating earnings 

622,736 

431,794 

190,942 

44.2 

Unallocated expenses and restructuring (a) (b) 

204,293 

173,034 

31,259 

18.1 

Consolidated operating earnings 

418,443 

258,760 

159,683 

61.7 

Interest expense 

93,509 

98,793 

(5,284 

(5.3 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

324,934 

159,967 

164,967 

103.1 

Provision for income taxes 

85,076 

46,722 

38,354 

82.1 

Net earnings 

239,858 

113,245 

126,613 

111.8 

Number of stores at end-of-period (including franchises): 

SBS 

3,549 

3,653 

(104 

(2.8 

BSG 

1,362 

1,385 

(23 

(1.7 

Consolidated 

4,911 

5,038 

(127 

(2.5 

Same store sales growth (decline) 

SBS 

9.7 

(8.1 

1,780 

bps 

BSG 

11.0 

(8.3 

1,930 

bps 

Consolidated 

10.2 

(8.1 

1,830 

bps 

(a) 
 
 Unallocated expenses represent certain corporate costs (such as payroll, share-based compensation, employee benefits and travel expense for corporate staff, certain professional fees and corporate governance expenses) that have not been charged to our segments and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. 

(b) 
 
 Restructuring relates to Project Surge and our Transformation Plan. 

 - 28 - 

The Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 compared to the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2020 
 Net Sales 
 SBS . The increase in net sales for SBS was primarily driven by the following (in thousands): 

Same store sales 

193,101 

Stores outside same store sales 

(14,487 

Other (a) 

(7,354 

Foreign currency exchange 

26,419 

Total 

197,679 

(a) 
 
 Other consists of non-store sales, which include catalog and internet sales of our Sinelco Group subsidiaries. 

 The increase in SBS net sales was attributable to improving consumer confidence in the U.S. and the easing of COVID-19 restrictions across international territories compared to the negative impact COVID-19 had on operations in fiscal year 2020, which included the temporary closure of customer-facing store operations during part of the year. Additionally, SBS experienced an increase in its average unit prices as a result of a reduction in promotional activity and increased sales of higher-priced products . SBS total unit volume was slightly down due to fewer units sold in the styling tools and salon supplies and accessories categories, partially offset by growth in our core hair color category. 
 BSG . The increase in net sales for BSG was driven by the following (in thousands): 

Same store sales 

107,158 

Distributor sales consultants 

20,412 

Sales to franchisees 

16,911 

Stores outside same store sales 

11,994 

Foreign currency exchange 

6,513 

Total 

162,988 

The increase in BSG net sales was attributable to the easing of COVID-19 restrictions in the U.S. and Canadian fiscal year 2021, including the reopening of salons in parts of California and Canada compared to the negative impact COVID-19 had on operations in fiscal year 2020, which included the temporary closure of customer-facing store operations during part of the year. Additionally, BSG had higher unit volume and an increase in average unit prices. The higher unit volume was primarily due to the impact of reopening of customer-facing store operations in the U.S. and Canada. The increase in the average unit price was driven primarily by category mix shift and lower promotional activity. 
 Gross Profit 
 SBS . SBS s gross profit increased as a result of increased net sales and a higher gross margin. SBS s higher gross margin was primarily a result of fewer promotions and the write down of inventory that occurred in the prior year resulting from aggressive inventory clearance actions. 
 BSG . BSG s gross profit increased as a result of higher net sales, partially offset by a lower gross margin. BSG s gross margin decreased primarily as a result of sales mix shift towards large volume/lower margin full service customers, which have rebounded from the prior year s impact from COVID-19 disruptions. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 SBS . SBS s selling, general and administrative expenses increased 6.0 million, or 0.7 . This increase was driven by higher compensation and compensation-related expense of 42.0 million, primarily as a result of the reemployment of a significant number of employees that were furloughed in the prior year and an increase in bonus expenses as a result of improved operating result. This increase was partially offset by lower delivery expense of 22.6 million due to lower e-commerce volume as stores reopened, lower supplies expense of 6.4 million primarily from a decrease in personal protective equipment purchases, lower advertising expenses of 3.5 million and fewer implementation costs in connection with our private label rewards credit card of 3.3 million. 
 - 29 - 

BSG . BSG s selling, general and administrative expenses increased 40.8 million, or 10.5 . This increase reflects higher compensation and compensation-related expense of 18.8 million, primarily as a result of the reemployment of a significant number of employees that were furloughed in the prior year. Additionally, this increase was driven by incremental expenses associated with prior year acquisitions and rent expense of 6.2 million, due to rent abatements in the prior year. 
 Unallocated. Unallocated selling, general and administrative expenses, which represent certain corporate costs that have not been charged to our reporting segments, increased 40.7 million, or 25.6 . This increase was primarily due to higher compensation and compensation-related expenses of 35.3 million, primarily as a result of the reemployment of a significant number of employees that were furloughed in the prior year and an increase in bonus expenses as a result of improved operating result . Additionally, COVID-19 expense was higher in the current year driven by expenses from the donation of personal protective equipment. 
 Restructuring 
 For fiscal years 2021 and 2020, we incurred restructuring charges in connection with Project Surge and the Transformation Plan. As of the end of fiscal year 2021, these restructuring plans have been substantially completed. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was lower due to the impact of the repayments of our term loan B fixed tranche in January 2021 of 9.9 million and the senior notes due 2023 in April 2021 of 5.4 million, partially offset by the incremental interest on the senior notes issued in April 2020 of 14.8 million and incremental debt extinguishment costs of 4.1 million. Additionally, the lower outstanding principal balance on our ABL facility resulted in lower interest expense of 5.4 million and the lower interest rates on our term loan B variable tranche of 4.1 million. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 For fiscal year 2021 and 2020, our effective tax rate was 26.2 and 29.2 , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to greater losses in the prior year from foreign subsidiaries for which a tax benefit could not be recognized and the establishment of a valuation allowance in a foreign subsidiary in the prior year. See Note 15, Income Tax , for more information on our effective tax rate. 
 Our effective tax rate may fluctuate on a quarterly and/or annual basis due to various factors, including but not limited to, total earnings and the mix of earnings by jurisdiction, new tax laws, as well as changes in valuation allowances and uncertain tax positions. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At September 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents were 401.0 million. Based upon the current level of operations and anticipated growth, we anticipate existing cash balances (excluding certain amounts permanently invested in connection with foreign operations), funds expected to be generated by operations and funds available under the ABL facility will be sufficient to fund working capital requirements, potential acquisitions, finance anticipated capital expenditures, including information technology upgrades and store remodels and debt repayments over the next 12 months. 
 Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) decreased 151.0 million to 718.7 million at September 30, 2021, compared to 869.7 million at September 30, 2020, resulting primarily from the decrease in our cash and cash equivalents and the increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially offset by an increase in inventory. The increase in inventory and accounts payable is a result of improving COVID-19 conditions. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 2.08 to 1.00 at September 30, 2021, compared to 2.54 to 1.00 at September 30, 2020. 
 We utilize our ABL facility for the issuance of letters of credit, for certain working capital and liquidity needs and to manage normal fluctuations in our operational cash flow. In that regard, we may from time to time draw funds under the ABL facility for general corporate purposes including funding of capital expenditures, acquisitions, interest payments due on our indebtedness, paying down other debt and opportunistic share repurchases. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we did not borrow on our ABL facility. The amounts drawn are generally paid down with cash provided by our operating activities. As of September 30, 2021, we had 468.5 million available for borrowings under the ABL facility, subject to borrowing base limitations and outstanding letters of credit of 18.3 million. 
 - 30 - 

Share Repurchase Programs 
 During the fiscal year 2021, we did not repurchase any of our common stock. During the fiscal years 2020 and 2019, we repurchased and subsequently retired approximately 4.7 million shares and 3.6 million shares, respectively, of our common stock under a share repurchase program a cost of 61.4 million and 46.6 million, respectively. We funded these share repurchases with cash from operations and borrowings under the ABL facility. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 726.1 million of additional share repurchase authorization remaining under our Share Repurchase Program . In July 2021, the Board approved a term extension of the program through September 30, 2025. 
 Historical Cash Flows 
 For the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, our primary sources of cash have been funds provided by operating activities and, when necessary, borrowings under our ABL facility, as appropriate. The primary non-operating uses of cash during the past three years were for share repurchases, debt service and capital expenditures. 
 The following table shows our sources and uses of cash for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

381,860 

426,889 

(45,029 

Net cash used by investing activities 

(76,019 

(123,775 

47,756 

Net cash (used) provided by financing activities 

(419,968 

139,761 

(559,729 

Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

935 

(219 

1,154 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(113,192 

442,656 

(555,848 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased for fiscal year 2021, compared to fiscal year 2020, primarily due to increased inventory as a result of restocking to new levels of demand and an increase in vendor co-op receivables driven by the increase in net sales. These were partially offset by higher net income for the fiscal year and an increase in accounts payable resulting from the increased inventory purchases. 
 Net Cash Used by Investing Activities 
 Net cash used by investing activities was lower for fiscal year 2021, compared to fiscal year 2020, primarily due to our focus on reduced capital expenditures and the impact of opening our North Texas warehouse in the prior fiscal year. 
 Net Cash (Used) Provided by Financing Activities 
 For fiscal year 2021, we had a concerted effort to reduce our outstanding debt as conditions around COVID-19 improved. As a result, we repaid our term loan B fixed tranche, senior notes due 2023 and a portion of the term loan B variable tranche. For fiscal year 2020, our focus was on maintaining cash flexibility and liquidity needs as a result of COVID-19 and issued 300.0 million in senior notes . 
 Long-Term Debt 
 At September 30, 2021, we have 1,393.0 million in outstanding principal under a term loan B and senior notes, not including capital leases, unamortized debt issuance costs or debt discounts, in the aggregate, of 11.6 million. There were no outstanding balances under the ABL facility at September 30, 2021. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 contained in this Annual Report for additional information about our debt. 
 We are currently in compliance with the agreements and instruments governing our debt, including our financial covenants. 
 
 - 31 - 

Guarantor Financial Information 
 We are providing the following information in compliance with Rule 13-01 of Regulation S-X for guaranteed issued securities that have been registered under such regulation. Currently, our issued securities consist of the 5.625 Senior Notes due 2025. This debt instrument was issued by our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Sally Holdings LLC and Sally Capital Inc. (the Issuers ), under a shelf registration statement. 
 The notes are unsecured debt instruments guaranteed by us and certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (together, the Guarantors and have certain restrictions on the ability to pay restrictive payments to Sally Beauty. The guarantees are joint and several, and full and unconditional. Certain other subsidiaries, including our foreign subsidiaries, do not serve as guarantors. 
 The following summarized consolidating financial information represents financial information for the Issuers and the Guarantors on a combined basis. All transactions and intercompany balances between these combined entities has been eliminated. 
 The following table presents the summarized balance sheets information for the Issuers and the Guarantors as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

September 30, 2021 

September 30, 2020 

Inventory 

662,802 

615,092 

Intercompany receivable 

67,337 

75,892 

Current assets 

1,069,266 

1,166,250 

Total assets 

2,198,990 

2,281,896 

Current liabilities 

422,137 

325,380 

Total liabilities 

2,343,946 

2,657,033 

The following table presents the summarized statement of income information for fiscal year 2021 (in thousands): 

Net sales 

3,188,839 

Gross profit 

1,624,019 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

275,907 

Net Earnings 

205,886 

Capital Requirements 
 During fiscal year ended 2021, we had total capital expenditures of approximately 84.1 million, excluding amounts paid in connection with the prior year, primarily in connection with information technology projects, new store openings and store maintenance. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at September 30, 2021 (in thousands): 

Payments Due by Period 

Less than 
 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 
 5 years 

Total 

Long-term debt obligations, including interest (a) 

74,358 

561,712 

1,047,600 

1,683,670 

Obligations under operating leases (b) 

173,990 

234,845 

117,896 

100,415 

627,146 

Purchase obligations (c) 

4,387 

5,730 

10,117 

Other long-term obligations (d)(e) 

17,770 

19,106 

5,161 

882 

42,919 

Total 

270,505 

821,393 

1,170,657 

101,297 

2,363,852 

(a) 
 
 Long-term debt obligations include obligations under capital leases and future interest payments on our debt outstanding as of September 30, 2021. The amounts shown above do not include unamortized discount or deferred debt issuance costs reflected in our consolidated balance sheets since those amounts do not represent contractual obligations. 

 - 32 - 

(b) 
 
 The amounts reported for operating leases do not include common area maintenance (CAM), property taxes or other executory costs. The amounts shown above do not include immaterial contingent liabilities for operating leases for which we are liable in the event of default by a franchisee. 

(c) 
 
 Purchase obligations reflect legally binding non-cancellable agreements that are entered into by us to purchase goods or services, that specify minimum quantities to be purchased and with fixed or variable price provisions. Amounts shown do not reflect open purchase orders, mainly for merchandise, to be fulfilled within one year, which are generally cancellable or contracts that tend to be reoccurring in nature and similar in amount year over year. 

(d) 
 
 Other long-term obligations, including current portion, principally represent obligations under insurance and self-insurance programs and deferral of social security taxes in connection with the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. These obligations are included in accrued liabilities and other liabilities, as appropriate, in our consolidated balance sheets. 

(e) 
 
 The table above does not include an estimated 2.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits due to uncertainty regarding the realization and timing of the related future cash flows, if any. 

 The information contained in the table above with regards to our long-term debt obligations is based on the current terms of such debt obligations and does not reflect any assumptions about our ability or intent to refinance any of our debt either on or before their maturity. In the event we refinance some or all of debt either on or before their maturity, actual payments for some of the periods shown may differ materially from the amounts reported herein. In addition, other future events, including potential increases in interest rates, could cause actual payments to differ materially from these amounts. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 
 At September 30, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements other than obligations under letters of credit, as discussed above. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and disclosure. Actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used, which could have a material impact to financial statements. We believe the following are our most critical accounting estimates that require subjective judgments, estimates and assumptions: 
 Valuation of Inventory 
 Our inventory is stated at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value. In assessing the net realizable value of inventory, we will adjust the carrying value of inventory for estimated shrinkage, damage and obsolescence using several key factors including estimates of the future demand for our products, historical turn-over rates, the age and sales history of the inventory, and historic as well as anticipated changes in SKUs. 
 We estimate inventory shrinkage between physical counts and product damage based upon our historical experience. Actual results differing from these estimates could significantly affect our carrying value of inventory and cost of goods sold. Inventory shrinkage, in the aggregate, averaged less than 1.0 of consolidated net sales in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019. A 10 increase or decrease in our estimate of inventory shrinkage and obsolescence reserves at September 30, 2021, would impact net earnings by approximately 3.1 million. 
 Vendor Rebates and Concessions 
 We deem cash consideration received from a vendor to be a reduction of the cost of goods sold unless it is in exchange for an asset or service or a reimbursement of a specific, incremental, identifiable cost incurred by us in selling the vendor s products. The majority of cash consideration we receive is considered to be a reduction of inventory and a subsequent reduction in cost of goods sold as the related products are sold. We consider the facts and circumstances of the various contractual agreements with vendors in order to determine the appropriate classification of amounts received in our consolidated statements of earnings. We record cash consideration expected to be received from vendors in accounts receivables, other at the amount we believe will be collected. These receivables could be significantly affected if the actual amounts subsequently collected differ from our expectations. Historically, adjustments between the amount recorded and the amount collected have not had a material impact to our results of operations. 
 - 33 - 

Insurance 
 We retain a substantial portion of the risk related to employee health (primarily in the U.S.), workers compensation, general and product liability. However, we maintain stop-loss coverage to limit the exposure related to certain insurance risks. We base our health insurance liability estimate on trends in claim payment history, historical trends in claims incurred but not yet reported, and other components such as expected increases in medical costs, projected premium costs and the number of plan participants. Additionally, we base our estimates for workers compensation, general and product liability on an actuarial analysis performed by an independent third-party actuary. We review our insurance liability on a regular basis and adjust our accruals accordingly. 
 Changes in facts and circumstances may lead to a change in the estimated liability due to revisions of the estimated ultimate costs that affect our liability insurance coverage. Our liabilities could be significantly affected if actual results differ from our expectations or prior actuarial analyses. A 10 increase or decrease in our insurance liabilities at September 30, 2021, would impact net earnings by approximately 1.5 million. 
 The changes in our insurance liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Balance at beginning of period 

21,436 

20,294 

Self-insurance expense 

61,388 

59,963 

Payments, net of employee contributions 

(62,228 

(58,821 

Balance at end of period 

20,596 

21,436 

Income Taxes 
 We record income tax provisions in our consolidated financial statements based on an estimate of current income tax liabilities. The development of these provisions requires judgments about tax positions, potential outcomes and timing. If we prevail in tax matters for which provisions have been established or are required to settle matters in excess of established provisions, our effective tax rate for a particular period could be significantly affected. 
 Additionally, deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between our financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary differences are estimated to be recovered or settled. We believe it is more-likely-than-not that our results of operations in the future will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our deferred tax assets, net of the valuation allowance currently recorded. We have recorded a valuation allowance to account for uncertainties regarding the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, primarily foreign loss carryforwards. In the future, if we determine certain deferred tax assets will not be realizable, the related adjustments could significantly affect our effective tax rate at that time. An estimated tax benefit related to an uncertain tax position is recorded in our consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax position will withstand challenge, if any, from applicable taxing authorities. 
 Assessment of Long-Lived Assets for Impairment 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows. Long-lived assets are reviewed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is at the store level. In assessing for impairment, we determine the fair value of each individual store by discounting projected future cash flows over the remaining lease term. There are significant estimates and assumptions used to arrive at estimated future cash flows, including local market conditions and growth rates. If the carrying amount of the store asset, which includes the operating lease asset, exceeds the sum of its undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the store. 
 No material impairment losses were recognized in fiscal years 2021 or 2019. For fiscal year 2020, we recognized an impairment loss of 4.1 million, due to the impact of COVID-19. 
 - 34 - 

Assessment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets for Impairment 
 We review goodwill and intangible assets for impairment annually, or when events or circumstances indicate it is more-likely-than-not that the value of the asset may be impaired. In assessing these types of assets for impairment, there are significant estimates and assumptions used to determine the fair value, including relevant market and economic conditions, anticipated future revenues and cash flows, royalty rates and discount rates . 
 When assessing goodwill for impairment, we may perform a qualitative assessment which evaluates macro-economic conditions, current and projected cash flows, and other events or changes in circumstances to determine if a quantitative assessment is necessary. If we need to complete a quantitative assessment, which last occurred in fiscal year 2020 as a result of COVID-19, we use a discounted cash flow model to determine an estimated fair value. If it is determined that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge will be recorded to bring the carrying value down to its fair value. As of the date of our last quantitative impairment test, March 31, 2020, a 10 decrease in either reporting unit s fair value would not have resulted in an impairment. For fiscal year 2021, we completed a qualitative assessment and determined that while COVID-19 had a macro-economic impact, there were no material impacts to the reporting units to require a quantitative assessment. 
 Like goodwill, our indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of each asset to its carrying value. As of September 30, 2021, our indefinite-lived assets were comprised of only trade names. To determine the fair value of each trade name, we use the relief-from-royalty method, which estimates what a third-party would be willing to pay in royalties to receive a benefit from the use of the asset. If it is determined the asset s fair value is less than its carrying value, then an impairment charge is recorded to reduce the carrying value down to its fair value. No impairment losses were recognized in fiscal years 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 contained in this Annual Report for information about recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 - 35 - 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a multinational corporation, we are subject to certain market risks including risks resulting from our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, changes in interest rates and government actions. We consider a variety of practices to manage these market risks, including, when deemed appropriate, the use of derivative financial instruments. Currently, we do not purchase or hold any derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes, and are restricted from engaging in, by our debt and credit agreements. 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 
 We are exposed to potential gains or losses from foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments in subsidiaries (including intercompany balances not permanently invested) and earnings denominated in foreign currencies, as well as exposure resulting from the purchase of merchandise by certain of our subsidiaries in a currency other than their functional currency and from the sale of products and services among the parent company and subsidiaries with a functional currency different from the parent or among subsidiaries with different functional currencies. Our primary exposures are to changes in exchange rates for the U.S. dollar versus the Euro, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, and the Mexican peso. In addition, we currently have exposure to the currencies of certain countries located in South America and from time to time we may have exposure to changes in the exchange rate for the British pound sterling versus the Euro in connection with the sale of products and services among certain of our European subsidiaries. For each of the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, less than 20 of our consolidated net sales were made in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. 
 A 10 increase or decrease in the exchange rates for the U.S. dollar versus the foreign currencies to which we have exposure, would have impacted our consolidated net sales by approximately 1.7 in the fiscal year 2021, and would have impacted our consolidated net assets by approximately 2.0 at September 30, 2021. 
 As more fully discussed in Note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, we use, from time to time, foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Interest rate risk 
 We are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations as a result of borrowings under our ABL facility and the variable-rate tranche of our term loan B. At September 30, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the ABL facility and the term loan B had 413.0 million outstanding principal balance under the variable-rate tranche. Based on our September 30, 2021 outstanding floating interest rate debt, a 1.0 percentage point interest rate increase would impact interest expense by 4.1 million. 
 As more fully discussed in Note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, we use, from time to time, derivative instruments in order to manage risk relating to cash flows and interest rate exposure. 
 Credit risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk in connection with certain assets, primarily accounts receivable. We provide credit to customers in the ordinary course of business and perform ongoing credit evaluations. We believe our exposure of credit risk with respect to trade receivables is largely mitigated by our broad customer base and that our allowance for doubtful accounts is sufficient to cover customer credit risks at September 30, 2021. 
 Our derivative instruments expose us to credit risk in the event of default by a counterparty. We believe such exposure is mitigated by the substantial resources and strong creditworthiness of the counterparties to our derivative instruments at September 30, 2021. In the event a counterparty defaults in its obligation under our derivative instruments, we could incur substantial financial losses. However, at the present time, no such losses are deemed probable. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See Index to Financial Statements which is located on page 47 of this Annual Report. 
 - 36 - 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Background. Attached as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are certifications of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act. This Controls and Procedures section includes information concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in the certifications. Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K sets forth the attestation report of KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding its audit of our internal control over financial reporting. This section should be read in conjunction with the certifications and the KPMG attestation report for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Controls Evaluation and Related CEO and CFO Certifications. Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. The controls evaluation was conducted by our Disclosure Committee, comprised of senior representatives from our finance, accounting, internal audit, and legal departments under the supervision of our CEO and CFO. 
 Certifications of our CEO and our CFO, which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, are attached as exhibits to this Annual Report. This Controls and Procedures section includes the information concerning the controls evaluation referred to in the certifications, and it should be read in conjunction with the certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls. We do not expect our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. A system of controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Because of the limitations in all such systems, no evaluation can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Furthermore, the design of any system of controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how unlikely. Because of these inherent limitations in a cost-effective system of controls and procedures, misstatements or omissions due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Scope of the Controls Evaluation. The evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures included a review of their objectives and design, our implementation of the controls and procedures and the effect of the controls and procedures on the information generated for use in this Annual Report. In the course of the evaluation, we sought to identify whether we had any data errors, control problems or acts of fraud and to confirm appropriate corrective action, including process improvements, was being undertaken if needed. This type of evaluation is performed on a quarterly basis so conclusions concerning the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures can be reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Many of the components of our disclosure controls and procedures are also evaluated by our internal audit department, by our legal department and by personnel in our finance organization. The overall goals of these various evaluation activities are to monitor our disclosure controls and procedures on an ongoing basis, and to maintain them as dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant. 
 Conclusions regarding Disclosure Controls. Based on the required evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, we maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Management of the Company, including the CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control 
 - 37 - 

system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and our Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. A system of internal controls may become inadequate over time because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles based on such criteria. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . Please refer to KPMG s Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting on page F-1 of the financial statements, which begin on page 47 of this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. During our last fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 - 38 - 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE O FFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Board of Directors has adopted: (i) Corporate Governance Guidelines and a (ii) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that apply to directors, officers and employees. Copies of these documents and the committee charters are available on our website at www.sallybeautyholdings.com and are available in print to any person, without charge, upon written request to our Vice President of Investor Relations. We intend to disclose on our website at www.sallybeautyholdings.com any substantive amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to these individuals or persons performing similar functions. 
 The additional information required by Item 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Corporate Governance, the Board, and Its Committees and Report of the Audit Committee. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUT IVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Directors Compensation and Benefits, Narrative Discussion of Director Compensation Table, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Beneficial Ownership of Company s Stock. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 The following table gives information as of September 30, 2021, about our common stock that may be issued under all of our existing equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 (a) 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) 
 (b) 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (3) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans 
 approved by security holders 

6,567,580 

18.46 

7,082,919 

Equity compensation plans not 
 approved by security holders 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

6,567,580 

18.46 

7,082,919 

(a) 
 
 Includes options issued and available for exercise in connection with awards under the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan and predecessor share-based compensation plans. The Company currently grants awards only under the 2019 Plan. 

(b) 
 
 Calculation of weighted-average exercise price of outstanding awards includes stock options, but does not include shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units that convert to shares of common stock for no consideration. 

(c) 
 
 Represents shares that are available for issuance pursuant to the 2019 Plan, all of which are available as full value awards. 

 - 39 - 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Corporate Governance, the Board, and Its Committees, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Related Party Transactions. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCO UNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Proposal 3 Ratification of Selection of Auditors. 
 - 40 - 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Documents filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 (a) List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 See Index to Financial Statements which is located on page 47 of this Annual Report. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1 

Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., dated January 30, 2014, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2014 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., dated April 26, 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017 

4.1 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated July 6, 2017, among the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Syndication Agent and the Documentation Agent (as such terms are defined therein), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2017 

4.2 

Amended and Restated Security Agreement by Sally Holdings LLC, Beauty Systems Group LLC, Sally Beauty Supply LLC, as the domestic borrowers and the other domestic borrowers and domestic guarantors party hereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A. as collateral agent dated as of July 26, 2013, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 14, 2013 

4.3 

Amended and Restated General Security Agreement by Beauty Systems Group (Canada), Inc., as the Canadian borrower and Bank of America, N.A., (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian agent dated as of July 26, 2013, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 14, 2013 

4.4 

Joinder to Loan Documents, dated as of December 20, 2011, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Beauty Systems Group LLC, Sally Beauty Supply LLC, Beauty Systems Group (Canada), Inc., SBH Finance B.V., the Guarantors named therein, Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., Sally Investment Holdings LLC and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2012 

4.5 

Joinder to Loan Documents, dated as of May 28, 2015, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Beauty Systems Group LLC, Sally Beauty Supply LLC, Beauty Systems Group (Canada), Inc., SBH Finance B.V., the Guarantors named therein, Sally Beauty Military Supply LLC, Loxa Beauty LLC and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2015 

4.6 

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated April 15, 2020 among the Borrowers, the Parent Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, and the Lenders party thereto (as such terms are defined therein), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2020. 

4.7 

Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2012, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Sally Capital Inc., the guarantors listed therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2012 

- 41 - 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

4.8 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2015, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Sally Capital Inc., the guarantors listed therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the form of Note attached as an exhibit thereto), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2015 

4.9 

Credit Agreement dated July 6, 2017, among the Borrowers, the Parent Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, and the Lenders party thereto (as such terms are defined therein), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2017 

4.10 

Amendment No. 1 dated March 27, 2018, to Credit Agreement dated July 6, 2017, among the Borrowers, the Parent Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, and the Lenders party thereto (as such terms are defined therein), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2018 

4.11 

Indenture, dated as of April 24, 2020, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Sally Capital Inc., the guarantors listed therein and Wells Fargo, National Association, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020 

10.1 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 3, 2007 

10.2 

2007 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2007 

10.3 

2009 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 20, 2008 

10.4 

Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2006, made and entered into by and among Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., Sally Investment Holdings LLC and Sally Holdings LLC, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.14 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sally Holdings LLC and Sally Capital Inc. filed on August 29, 2007 

10.5 

2010 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 19, 2009 

10.6 

Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement with Directors , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 19, 2009 

10.7 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 15, 2012 

10.8 

2011 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 18, 2010 

10.9 

2011 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Employees pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 18, 2010 

10.10 

2011 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 15, 2012 

- 42 - 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

10.11 

2016 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2016 

10.12 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on December 19, 2018 

10.13 

2019 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 5, 2019 

10.14 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holding, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 5, 2019 

10.15 

Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.20 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 25, 2019 

10.16 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.21 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 25, 2019 

10.17 

Form of Severance Agreement between each of Mark G. Spinks and the Company effective July 31, 2015, Scott C. Sherman and the Company effective October 1, 2017, John M. Henrich and the Company effective June 10, 2019, Pamela K. Kohn and the Company effective October 3, 2019, and Denise Paulonis and the Company effective October 1, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2012 

10.18 

2012 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 15, 2012 

10.19 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Fourth Amended and Restated Independent Director Compensation Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 14, 2018 

10.20 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan 

10.21 

Separation agreement between Christian A. Brickman and the Company effective as of August 26, 2021, including Release of Claims effective as of October 1, 2021 

10.22 

Consulting Agreement between Christian A. Brickman and the Company effective September 30, 2021 

10.23 

Offer Letter to Denise Paulonis, dated as of August 26, 2021 

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 

22 

List of Subsidiary Guarantors 

23.1 

Consent of KPMG 

31.1 

Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Denise Paulonis 

31.2 

Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Marlo M. Cormier 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Denise Paulonis 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Marlo M. Cormier 

- 43 - 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

101 

The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) and contained in Exhibit 101 

Included herewith 

Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) (2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon request. 

 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 None 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 
 
 - 44 - 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 19 th day of November, 2021. 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Denise Paulonis 

Denise Paulonis 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

By: 

/s/ Marlo M. Cormier 

Marlo M. Cormier 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

By: 

/s/ Kim McIntosh 

Kim McIntosh 

Group Vice President, Controller and 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

- 45 - 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Denise Paulonis 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 19, 2021 

Denise Paulonis 

/s/ Marlo M. Cormier 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

November 19, 2021 

Marlo M. Cormier 

/s/ Kim McIntosh 

Group Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

November 19, 2021 

Kim McIntosh 

/s/ Robert R. McMaster 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

November 19, 2021 

Robert R. McMaster 

/s/ Timothy R. Baer 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Timothy R. Baer 

/s/ Marshall E. Eisenberg 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Marshall E. Eisenberg 

/s/ Diana S. Ferguson 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Diana S. Ferguson 

/s/ Dorlisa K. Flur 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Dorlisa K. Flur 

/s/ James M. Head 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

James M. Head 

/s/ Linda Heasley 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Linda Heasley 

/s/ John A. Miller 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

John A. Miller 

/s/ Susan R. Mulder 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Susan R. Mulder 

/s/ Erin Nealy Cox 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Erin Nealy Cox 

/s/ Edward W. Rabin 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Edward W. Rabin 

- 46 - 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Financial Statements 
 Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-1 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

F-8 

- 47 - 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows and stockholders equity (deficit) for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Changes in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of October 1, 2019 due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method of accounting for inventory located in the U.S. and Canada at both its distribution centers and store fronts as of August 1, 2020 from lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in first-out FIFO basis to lower of cost or net realizable value using the weighted average cost method. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 F-1 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of vendor rebates and concessions 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, other accounts receivable consists primarily of amounts earned from the Company s vendors under contractual agreements (collectively referred to as vendor rebates and concessions). These agreements are often specific to a particular product or promotion for a specified period of time, which results in a high volume of agreements, each with potentially non-standardized terms and conditions governing how the rebate is earned and calculated. Therefore, the inputs used to calculate the vendor rebates and concessions, which can include financial and non-financial data from multiple sources, will vary depending on the specific terms of the agreements. Other accounts receivable was 34.0 million as of September 30, 2021. 
 We identified the evaluation of vendor rebates and concessions as a critical audit matter because of the challenging auditor judgment required to assess the non-standardized terms of the agreements and the nature and source of the inputs used in the recognition and measurement of the receivable. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to calculate vendor rebates and concessions. This included controls over the derivation of key inputs and the evaluation of the contractual terms of the agreements. For a sample of the vendor rebates and concessions, we evaluated the nature and source of the inputs used, and the terms of the contractual agreements. We recalculated the amount of the receivable based on the inputs and the terms of the agreements. We also compared the amount of cash received to the amount previously recognized by the Company for a sample of the vendor rebates and concessions that were collected subsequent to year end. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 19, 2021 
 F-2 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands, except par value data) 

2021 

2020 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable, other 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, excluding goodwill, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Deferred income tax liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value. Authorized shares and 
 shares issued and and shares outstanding at 
 September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part to these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Restructuring 

Operating earnings 

Interest expense 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net earnings 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 (In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Interest rate caps, net of tax 

Foreign exchange contracts, net of tax 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Total comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 (In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided 
 by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation expense 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Net loss/(gain) on disposal and impairment of assets 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in (exclusive of effects of acquisitions): 

Trade accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable, other 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Operating lease assets and liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Payments for property and equipment 

Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Debt issuance costs 

Payments for common stock repurchased 

Proceeds from exercises of stock options 

Net cash (used) provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and 
 cash equivalents 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Capital expenditures incurred but not paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 (In thousands) 

Additional 

Accumulated 

Accumulated Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Earnings 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Income (Loss) 

Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at September 30, 2018 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss, 
 net of tax 

Repurchases of common stock 

Share-based compensation 

Stock issued for equity awards 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

Cumulative effect of ASC 842 adoption 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income, 
 net of tax 

Repurchases of common stock 

Share-based compensation 

Stock issued for equity awards 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income, 
 net of tax 

Share-based compensation 

Stock issued for equity awards 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 million and million, respectively. 
 Other accounts receivable consist primarily of amounts due from vendors under various contractual agreements and include volume rebates and other promotional considerations. 
 F-8 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 to . Some of our leases include options to extend the agreement by a certain number of years, typically . At the lease commencement date, an operating lease liability and related operating lease asset are recognized and typically do not assume renewals unless we are reasonably certain that we will exercise the option. 
 The operating lease liabilities are calculated using the present value of lease payments. The discount rate used is either the rate implicit in the lease, when known, or our estimated incremental borrowing rate. Our incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest we would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments under similar terms. Because we do not generally borrow on a collateralized basis, we derive an appropriate incremental borrowing rate using the interest rate we pay on our non-collateralized borrowings, adjusted for the amount of the lease payments, the lease term and the effect of designating specific collateral with a value equal to the unpaid lease payments for that lease. We apply the incremental borrowing rate on a portfolio basis given the impact of applying it on a lease by lease basis would be immaterial. 
 Operating lease assets are valued based on the initial operating lease liabilities plus any prepaid rent and direct costs from executing the leases, reduced by tenant improvement allowances and any rent abatement. Operating lease assets are tested for impairment in the same manner as our long-lived assets. During fiscal year 2020, we impaired approximately million, respectively in operating lease assets and leasehold improvements, primarily as a result of the impact of COVID-19, within selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Buildings and building improvements 

5 40 

Leasehold improvements 

2 10 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

2 10 

Total property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 F-9 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 t recorded any impairment charges related to goodwill in the current or prior fiscal years presented. 
 Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 Our intangible assets with indefinite lives consist of trade names acquired in business combinations . Upon acquisition of these identifiable intangible assets, we base our valuation on the information and assumptions available to us at the time of acquisition, using income and market approaches to determine fair value. These assets are evaluated for impairment annually, as of January 31 st , and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset s carrying amount may be less than its recoverable amount, to determine whether or not it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. When assessing intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment, we compare the fair value of each asset against its carrying value. Fair value is based on the relief-from-royalty method. Based on our assessments, material impairment charges related to intangible assets were recorded in the current or prior fiscal years presented. 
 F-10 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 day payment terms. Based on the nature of theses receivables, no significant financing component exists. 
 Gift Cards 
 The revenue from the sale of our gift cards is recognized at the time the gift card is used to purchase merchandise, which is generally within one year from the date of purchase. Our gift cards do not carry expiration dates or impose post-sale fees. Based on historical experience, a certain amount of our gift cards will not be redeemed, also referred to as gift card breakage. We recognize revenue related to gift card breakage within revenue in our consolidated statements of earnings over time proportionately to historical redemption patterns. The gift cards are issued and represent liabilities of either of our operating entities, Sally Beauty Supply LLC or Beauty Systems Group LLC, which are both limited liability companies formed in the state of Virginia. 
 Private Label Rewards Credit Card 
 In September 2019, we signed a multi-year agreement with a third-party bank (the Bank to launch a private label rewards credit card. Under the agreement, the Bank will manage and extend credit to our SBS and BSG customers and we will provide licensing to our brand, marketing services and facilitate credit applications. The Bank will be the sole owner of the private label rewards credit card accounts and takes on the risk of default by the private label rewards card holders. In connection with signing the agreement, we received a refundable payment from the Bank that we recorded as deferred revenue within other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and will recognize on a straight-line basis over the initial term of the agreement into net sales in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Pursuant to the agreement, the Bank will reimburse us for certain expenses we incur for the launch and marketing of the Program. Amounts reimbursed are recognized in net sales in our consolidated statements of earnings. In addition, we can earn other amounts from the Bank, including incentive payments for achieving performance targets and the activation of credit cards. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, we commenced operations and started to roll out our first SBS and BSG branded credit cards. 
 F-11 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

Rewards loyalty program 

Accrued liabilities 

Total liability 

Changes to our contract liabilities for fiscal year 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

September 30, 2020 

Loyalty points and gift cards issued but not redeemed, net of estimated breakage 

Revenue recognized from beginning liability 

September 30, 2021 

million, million and million for the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 F-12 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 million and an operating lease liability of million. Existing straight-line rent liability, prepaid rent and accrued rent were reclassified from certain other assets and liabilities into the operating lease asset. Furthermore, the cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 resulted in a million adjustment to accumulated earnings resulting from the impairment of certain operating lease assets as well certain deferred tax balances that were written off as a result of the adoption of the new standard. The impact on our consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows was not material. See Note 8 for additional information in connection with ASU No. 2016-02. 
 Effective August 1, 2020, we changed our method of accounting for inventory located in the U.S. and Canada at both our distribution centers and store fronts. Prior to August 2020, we valued inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a FIFO basis. Effective August 1, 2020, all company-wide inventories have been valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the weighted average cost method. These changes were made in connection with the implementation of a new perpetual inventory system, which provides us with better information to manage inventory. We believe the weighted average cost method is preferable to the FIFO cost method because it results in greater precision in the determination of cost of goods sold and inventories at the SKU level and results in a consistent inventory valuation method for all of the Company s inventories. We recorded the cumulative effect of this change in accounting principle as of August 1, 2020. The effects of this change in accounting principle as of August 1, 2020 were not material to our consolidated financial statements. Prior to implementation of the new perpetual inventory system, we were not able to determine the impact of the change to the weighted average cost method. Therefore, we did not retroactively apply the change to prior periods. 
 F-13 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

Interest rate caps 

Other assets 

Level 2 

Total assets 

Financial Liabilities 

None 

Cash equivalents, at September 30, 2021, consist of highly liquid investments which mature daily and are valued using unadjusted quoted market prices for such securities. The fair value for interest rate caps were measured using widely accepted valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flow analyses, and observable inputs, such as market interest rates. 
 Other fair value disclosures 
 Carrying amounts and the related estimated fair value of our long-term debt, excluding capital lease obligations, are as follows: 

As of September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Pricing Category 

Carrying 
 Value 

Fair Value 

Carrying 
 Value 

Fair Value 

Long-term debt 

Senior notes 

Level 1 

Other long-term debt 

Level 2 

Total debt 

The fair value of the senior notes was measured using unadjusted quoted market prices. The fair value of other long-term debt was measured using quoted market prices for similar debt securities in active markets or widely accepted valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flow analyses, using observable inputs, such as market interest rates. 
 F-14 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 billion of our common stock over an approximate four-year period expiring on . In July 2021, the Board approved a term extension of the program through September 30, 2025. 

Total cost of share repurchased 

The amounts above do not include approximately , and shares surrendered by grantees to satisfy personal income tax withholdings obligations upon vesting of equity-based awards valued at approximately million, million and million during the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 We reduced common stock and additional paid-in capital, in the aggregate, by these amounts. However, as required by GAAP, to the extent share repurchase amounts exceeded the balance of additional paid-in capital prior to such repurchases, we recorded the excess in accumulated stockholders equity on our consolidated balance sheets. We funded these share repurchases with cash from operations and borrowings under the ABL facility, as appropriate. 
 Accumulated other Comprehensive Loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before 
 reclassifications, net of tax 

Reclassification to net earnings, net of tax 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before 
 reclassifications, net of tax 

Reclassification to net earnings, net of tax 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

The tax impact for the changes in other comprehensive loss and the reclassifications to net earnings was not material. 

Dilutive securities: 

Stock option and stock award programs 

Weighted-average diluted shares 

At September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, options to purchase approximately million, million and million shares, respectively, of our common stock were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share, because these options were anti-dilutive. 
 F-15 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 million shares of our common stock, plus an additional number of shares based on the number of shares outstanding as of the beginning of the current plan that have subsequently been terminated, expired unexercised, cash-settled, cancelled, forfeited or lapsed for any reason. Currently, we have awarded grants to employees and non-employee directors under the terms of the Omnibus Plan. 

Income tax benefit related to share-based 
 compensation expense 

The Omnibus Plan award types are as follows: 
 Performance-based awards: Our performance awards vest over upon the satisfaction of the employee service condition and our level of achievement with respect to a mix of certain specified performance targets. For fiscal year 2021, we issued performance awards with a financial performance target based on the growth on adjusted consolidated operating income AOI for each of the next three years. For the fiscal year 2020 and 2019 performance awards, the performance targets included growth of AOI and return on invested capital during the three-year performance period. 
 For each performance award, a grantee may earn from to of the original awarded amount. Fair value of our performance awards related to the achievement of financial performance targets are based on our stock price on the date of grant. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the fair value of our performance awards was , and , respectively. 
 Market-based awards: In fiscal year 2021, we issued market-based awards that vest over and are dependent on the level of achievement of relative total shareholder return rTSR against a group of peer companies measured over a three-year period. For each rTSR, a grantee may earn from to of the original awarded amount. The fair value was determined by using the Monte Carlo simulation model due to the award being subject to a market condition. Expense is determined upon issuance and is recognized regardless of whether the market performance target is achieved. 
 Stock options: Stock option awards are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of each stock option award on the date of grant and expense ratably over the vesting period, generally . Stock options have a life. 
 Restricted stock: Restricted stock awards RSA and restricted stock units RSU are valued using the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. Expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period, generally for RSAs and RSUs issued to employees and for RSUs issued to our independent directors. An RSA award is an award of our shares that have full voting rights and dividend rights, but are restricted with regard to sale or transfer. These restrictions lapse over the vesting period. RSUs awarded to our independent directors may elect, upon receipt of such award, to defer until a later date delivery of the shares of our common stock that would otherwise be issued on the vesting date. RSUs granted to independent directors prior to the fiscal year 2012, are generally retained by the Company as deferred stock units that are not distributed until after the independent director s service as a director terminates. 
 F-16 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 payout: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2021 

As of September 30, 2021, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested performance awards are expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 Market-Based Awards 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2021 

As of September 30, 2021, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested market awards are expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Service-Based Awards 
 Stock Option Awards 
 The following table presents a summary of the activity for our stock option awards: 

6.2 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

4.6 

Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

2.9 

F-17 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 The weighted average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model relating to the valuation of our stock options are as follows: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

The expected life of options awarded represents the period of time such options are expected to be outstanding and is based on our historical experience. The risk-free interest rate is based on the zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with a term comparable to the expected life of an award at the date of the grant. Since we do not currently expect to pay dividends, the dividend yield used for this purpose is . 
 The weighted average fair value per share at the date of grant of the stock options awarded during the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. The aggregate fair value of stock options vested during the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. The total cash received during the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 from these option exercises was million, million and million, respectively, and the tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from these option exercises was million, million and million, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2021, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock option awards are expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 RSAs 
 The following table presents a summary of the activity for our RSAs: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2021 

At September 30, 2021, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested RSAs are expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 RSUs 
 The following table presents a summary of the activity for our RSUs: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2021 

At September 30, 2021, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested RSUs are expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 F-18 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

Finance lease 

Property and equipment, net 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities: 

Current: 

Operating lease 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Long-term: 

Operating lease 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease 

Long-term debt 

Total lease liabilities 

Finance lease costs: 

Amortization of leased assets 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Interest expense 

Variable lease costs (c) 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total lease costs 

(a) 
 
 Includes costs related to short-term leases, which are immaterial. 

(b) 
 
 Certain supply chain-related amounts are included in cost of goods sold. 

(c) 
 
 Includes common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance related to leases 
 
 In response to COVID-19, the FASB issued interpretive guidance that provides an option for entities to make a policy election for lease concessions as a result of COVID-19, provided that the modified contracts result in total cash flows that are substantially the same or less than the original contracts. This policy election allows for lease concessions to be treated as though enforceable rights and obligations for those concessions existed (regardless of whether those enforceable rights and obligations for the concessions explicitly exist in the contracts). We have elected to apply this policy election and have included rent abatements related to COVID-19 into variable lease costs. For the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, we recognized benefits of million and million for rent abatements related to COVID-19, respectively. 
 F-19 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

The table above does not include operating leases we have entered into of approximately million that have not commenced, primarily related to future retail stores. 

Operating cash flows finance leases 

Financing cash flows finance leases 

Supplemental non-cash information on lease liabilities: 

Lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Lease assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 

September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): 

Operating leases 

5.1 

5.1 

Finance leases 

3.7 

3.8 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

F-20 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

Distribution rights 

Other intangible assets 

Total definite-lived intangible assets 

Indefinite-lived Intangible assets: 

Trade names 

44,970 

44,178 

Total intangible assets, excluding 
 goodwill, net 

Our definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period that we expected an economic benefit, typically over periods of to . For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, amortization expense related to intangible assets totaled million, million and million, respectively. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Interest payable 

Deferred revenue 

Rental obligations 

Insurance reserves 

Property and other taxes 

Operating accruals and other 

Total accrued liabilities 

F-21 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 million and million of outstanding letters of credit as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Contingencies 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is, from time to time, involved in various claims and lawsuits incidental to the conduct of its business in the ordinary course. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Liabilities for loss contingencies, arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines, penalties, the data security incidents and other sources, are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. We have no significant liabilities for loss contingencies at September 30, 2021 and 2020. million to million and extended the maturity to . In connection with the amendment, we incurred million in debt issuance costs that will be amortized over the life of the ABL facility. 
 The interest rate on the ABL facility is variable and determined at our option as (i) prime plus or or (ii) London Interbank Offered Rate plus or . In addition, the terms of the ABL facility contain a commitment fee of on the unused portion of the facility. Borrowings under the ABL facility are secured by a first-priority lien in and upon the accounts and inventory (and the proceeds thereof) of the Company and its guarantor subsidiaries. Furthermore, the ABL facility is also secured by a second-priority lien in and upon the remaining assets of the Company and its guarantor subsidiaries. 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, there were outstanding borrowings under our ABL facility. At September 30, 2021, we had million available for borrowing, thereunder, including our Canadian sub-facility, subject to borrowing base limitations, as reduced by outstanding letters of credit . 
 Long-term Debt 
 Long-term debt consists of the following (dollars in thousands): 

September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Interest Rates 

Term loan B: 

Variable-rate tranche 

LIBOR plus 2.25 

Fixed-rate tranche 

Senior notes due Nov. 2023 

Senior notes due Apr. 2025 

Senior notes due Dec. 2025 

Total 

Plus: capital lease obligations 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 
 and discount, net 

Total debt 

Less: current maturities 

Total long-term debt 

F-22 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Term Loan B 
 In July 2017, we entered into a seven-year term loan pursuant to which we borrowed million (the term loan B ). Borrowings under the term loan B are secured by a first-priority lien in and upon substantially all of the assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries other than the accounts, inventory (and the proceeds thereof) and other assets that secure the ABL facility on a first priority basis. The term loan B matures on . Interest is payable monthly on the variable-rate tranche and quarterly on the fixed-rate tranche. 
 In January 2021, we paid the remaining million aggregate principal amount of our term loan B fixed tranche at par, excluding accrued interest. In connection with the repayment, we recognized a million loss on the extinguishment of debt from the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 Additionally in June 2021, we elected to repay million aggregate principal amount of our term loan B variable tranche. Furthermore in September 2021, we elected to repay an additional million aggregate principal amount. These optional prepayments did not have any early prepayment penalties. In connection with the prepayments, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million from the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 Senior Notes 
 The senior notes due 2023 and the senior notes due December 2025, which we refer to collectively as the senior notes due 2023 and 2025, are unsecured obligations that are jointly and severally guaranteed by Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Sally Investment, and by each material domestic subsidiary. Interest on the senior notes due 2023 and 2025 is payable semi-annually, during our first and third fiscal quarters. 
 On April 1, 2021, we called the entire outstanding balance of million of our senior notes due 2023 at par plus a premium. In connection with the repayment, we recognized losses on extinguishment of debt in the aggregate amount of million, which included a million call premium and the write-off of million in unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 On April 24, 2020, we closed on million of our Senior Secured Notes and received million in net proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes offering. The notes bear interest at a rate of and were issued at par. The Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the guarantors who have guaranteed obligations under our senior secured credit facilities and our existing notes. 
 Covenants 
 The agreements governing our debt contain a customary covenant package that places restrictions on the disposition of assets, the granting of liens and security interests, the prepayment of certain indebtedness, and other matters and customary events of default, including customary cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions. As of September 30, 2021, we are in compliance with all debt covenants and all the net assets of our consolidated subsidiaries were unrestricted from transfer. 
 F-23 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 t purchase or hold any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. See Note 4 for the classification and fair value of our derivative instruments. 
 Designated Cash Flow Hedges 
 Foreign Currency Forwards 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we entered into foreign currency forwards to mitigate the exposure to exchange rate changes on inventory purchases in USD by our foreign subsidiaries over fiscal year 2021. As of September 30, 2021, all of our foreign currency forward derivatives instruments had settled. We record, net of income tax, the changes in fair value related to the foreign currency forwards into AOCL and recognize realized gain or loss into cost of goods sold based on inventory turns. As of September 30, 2021, we expect to reclassify approximately million in net losses into cost of goods sold over the next 12 months. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we reclassified million of net losses into cost of goods sold. 
 Interest Rate Caps 
 In July 2017, we purchased interest rate caps with an initial aggregate notional amount of million (the interest rate caps ). The interest rate caps are made up of individual caplets that expire monthly through and are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 Over the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify approximately million into interest expense, which represents the original value of the expiring caplets. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we reclassified million into interest expense. of employment. Under the terms of each 401(k) Plan, employees may contribute a percentage of their annual compensation up to certain maximums, as defined by each 401(k) Plan and by statutory limitations. We currently match a portion of employee contributions, as defined by each 401(k) Plan. We recognized expense of million, million and million in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to such matching contributions and these amounts are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 In addition, pursuant to the 401(k) Plans, we may elect to make voluntary profit sharing contributions to the accounts of eligible employees as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we did t make a profit sharing contribution to the 401(k) Plans. 
 F-24 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 million benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. Notwithstanding this inconsistency, we remain confident in our interpretation of the Internal Revenue Code and intend to defend this position through litigation, if necessary. However, if we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position, we may be required to reverse the benefit. 
 Beginning with our first quarter of fiscal year 2019, we are subject to taxation on global intangible low-taxed income GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. We have made the policy election to record this tax as a period cost at the time it is incurred. The impact from GILTI was immaterial for fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, the provision for income taxes also includes a benefit due to a reduction of prior year tax related to GILTI. The benefit is a result of favorable final Regulations being issued by the Department of Treasury in July 2020, which can be applied retroactively. 

Foreign 

State 

Total current portion 

Deferred: 

Federal 

Foreign 

State 

Total deferred portion 

Total provision for income taxes 

F-25 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Effect of foreign operations 

Foreign valuation allowances 

Tax law change - GILTI 

Deemed repatriation tax 

Share-based payment awards 

Other, net 

Effective tax rate 

Accrued liabilities 

Share-based compensation expense 

U.S. foreign tax credits 

U.S. federal social security tax deferral 

Inventory adjustments 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

Deferred tax liabilities attributable to: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net deferred tax liability 

We believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets, net of the valuation allowance. We have recorded a valuation allowance to account for uncertainties regarding recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, primarily foreign loss carry-forwards. 
 Domestic earnings before provision for income taxes were million, million and million in the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Foreign earnings before provision for income taxes of million in the fiscal year 2021, a loss before provision for income taxes of million in the fiscal year 2020 and earnings before provision for income taxes of million in the fiscal year 2019. 
 Tax reserves are evaluated and adjusted as appropriate, while taking into account the progress of audits by various taxing jurisdictions and other changes in relevant facts and circumstances evident at each balance sheet date. We do not expect the outcome of current or future tax audits to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 
 As of September 30, 2021, applicable deferred tax liabilities have been provided for undistributed foreign earnings in excess of foreign working capital and cash requirements. As a result of U.S. Tax Reform, the repatriation of cash to the U.S. is generally no longer taxable for federal income tax purposes, but could be subject to foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes. If undistributed earnings of our foreign operations were not considered permanently reinvested as of September 30, 2021, an immaterial amount of additional deferred taxes would have been provided. 
 F-26 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, are subject to a valuation allowance. At September 30, 2021 , operating loss carry-forwards of million expire between 2021 and 2032 and operating loss carry-forwards of million have no expiration date. At September 30, 2021 and 2020 , we had tax credit carry-forwards of million and million, respectively. This includes a U.S. foreign tax credit carry-forward of million primarily as a result of the deemed repatriation tax under U.S. Tax Reform. This credit expires in 2028. We do not believe the realization of the U.S. foreign tax credit is more-likely-than-not, so a valuation allowance has been recorded against its full value. Of the remaining tax credit carry-forwards, at September 30, 2021 , million expire between 2024 and 2028, million expire between 2032 and 2036 and million have no expiration date. Total tax credit carry-forwards of million are subject to a valuation allowance at September 30, 2021 and 2020 . 

Increases related to prior year tax positions 

Decreases related to prior year tax positions 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

Lapse of statute 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

If recognized, these positions would affect our effective tax rate. 
 We recognize interest and penalties, accrued in connection with unrecognized tax benefits, in provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties, in the aggregate, were million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Because existing tax positions will continue to generate increased liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months, and the fact that from time to time our tax returns are routinely under audit by various taxing authorities, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change during the next 12 months. An estimate of the amount of such change, or a range thereof, cannot reasonably be made at this time. However, we do not expect the change, if any, to have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations within the next 12 months. 
 Our consolidated federal income tax return for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, is currently under IRS examination. Our consolidated federal income tax return for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 is currently under IRS Appeals for the aforementioned issue related to the transition tax on unrepatriated earnings. Our statute remains open for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, forward. Our U.S. state income tax returns are impacted by various statutes of limitations and are generally open for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 and future years. Our foreign income tax returns are impacted by various statutes of limitations, which are generally open from 2016 forward. 
 F-27 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 , we acquired La Maison Ami-Co (1981) Inc. Ami-Co ), a professional beauty products distributor with stores in the province of Quebec, Canada, for approximately million, pending certain holdbacks. In addition, this acquisition includes exclusive distribution rights in Quebec to premier professional hair color and hair care brands. We accounted for this acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and funded by cash on hand. Upon acquisition, we preliminarily recorded goodwill of million, which is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes, in connection with this acquisition. The results of operations of Ami-Co subsequent to the acquisition date and the goodwill recorded in connection with the acquisition was included within our BSG segment. The acquisition of Ami-Co was not material to our results of operations. During fiscal year 2021, we recorded post-acquisition adjustments from our purchase of Ami-Co that reduced goodwill and established million in intangible assets subject to amortization. Additionally, we released million in holdbacks in connection with the Ami-Co acquisition during the fiscal year. 
 In addition, we completed several other individually immaterial acquisitions during the fiscal years 2021 and 2020 in the aggregate cost of approximately million and million, respectively. As a result of these acquisitions, we recorded intangible assets subject to amortization in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 of approximately million and million, respectively. reportable segments: (i) SBS, a domestic and international chain of retail stores and a consumer-facing e-commerce website that offers professional beauty supplies to both salon professionals and retail customers primarily in North America, Puerto Rico, and parts of Europe and South America and (ii) BSG, including its franchise-based business Armstrong McCall, a full service distributor of beauty products and supplies that offers professional beauty products directly to salons and salon professionals through its professional-only stores, e-commerce platforms and its own sales force in partially exclusive geographical territories in the U.S. and Canada. 
 The accounting policies of both of our reportable segments are the same as described in the summary of significant accounting policies contained in Note 2. Sales between segments, which were eliminated in consolidation, were not material for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 F-28 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

BSG 

Total 

Earnings before provision for income taxes: 

Segment operating earnings: 

SBS 

BSG 

Segment operating earnings 

Unallocated expenses 

Restructuring 

Consolidated operating earnings 

Interest expense 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization: 

SBS 

BSG 

Corporate 

Total 

Payments for property and equipment: 

SBS 

BSG 

Corporate 

Total 

Total assets (as of September 30): 

SBS 

BSG 

Sub-total 

Corporate 

Total 

Unallocated expenses consist of corporate and shared costs and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. In the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, no single customer accounted for or more of revenue. 
 F-29 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

Other countries 

Total 

Long-lived assets (as of September 30): 

United States 

United Kingdom 

Other countries 

Total 

Disaggregated Revenues 

Hair care 

Skin and nail care 

Styling tools 

Salon supplies and accessories 

Textured hair 

Other beauty items 

Total 

Hair care 

Skin and nail care 

Styling tools 

Other beauty items 

Promotional items 

Total 

The following table disaggregates our segment revenue by sales channels: 

SBS 

BSG 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Company-operated stores 

E-commerce 

Franchise stores 

Distributor sales consultants 

Total 

F-30 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

Transformation Plan 

Total expense (gain) 

Project Surge 
 In November 2019, we announced that we were launching Project Surge, which takes the successful elements of the North American Sally Beauty transformation and integrates them into our European operations, with the support and participation of several key leaders from the corporate headquarters. As part of this plan, we are focusing on several operating elements, including a review of our talent and operating structure. 

Facility closures 

Other 

Total 

Expenses incurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, represent costs incurred by SBS of million, corporate of million and BSG of million. 
 Transformation Plan 
 We previously disclosed a plan to focus on certain core business strategies. In addition to optimizing our supply chain network with changes to our transportation model and network of nodes, we are improving our marketing and digital commerce capabilities, and advancing our merchandising transformation efforts. In addition, we expanded our plan and announced a reduction in workforce within our field and headquarters. All these together, make up our Transformation Plan. 

Facility closures 

Other 

Total 

Expenses incurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, represent costs incurred by SBS of million. In addition, SBS recognized million in cost related to inventory write-downs in connection with the plan within cost of products sold. 
 
 F-31 

<EX-10.20>
 2
 sbh-ex1020_41.htm
 SBH ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN

sbh-ex1020_41.htm

Exhibit 10.20 
 SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (As Amended on September 23, 2021) 
 
 SECTION 1 
 Purpose 
 
 The purpose of the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan is to permit Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company ), through awards of annual cash incentive compensation, to attract and retain executive officers and other key employees and to motivate these employees to promote the profitability and growth of the Company. 
 SECTION 2 
 Definitions 
 
 Active Employee shall mean the employee is on the active payroll of the Company or any Subsidiary or Parent, as applicable, and has not experienced a voluntary or involuntary termination of employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or Parent for any reason. 
 
 Affiliate means (i) any Subsidiary or Parent, or (ii) an entity that directly or through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company, as determined by the Committee 
 
 Award shall mean the amount earned and paid to a Participant under the Plan for a Performance Period. 
 
 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company, or the successor thereto. 
 
 Cause as a reason for a Participant s termination of employment shall have the meaning assigned such term in the employment, severance or similar agreement, if any, between such Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, provided, however that if there is no such employment, severance or similar agreement in which such term is defined, Cause shall mean any of the following acts, as determined in good faith by the Committee or the Board: (i) the continued and willful failure of the Participant substantially to perform the duties of Participant s employment or other service for the Company or any Subsidiary (other than any such failure due to the Participant s Disability); (ii) the Participant s engaging in willful or serious misconduct that has caused or could reasonably be expected to result in material injury to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, including, but not limited to, by way of damage to the Company s or a Subsidiary s or Affiliate s reputation or public standing; (iii) the Participant s commission of a felony involving the business, assets, customers or clients of the Company or any Affiliate, or charge with, indictment for, conviction of, pleading guilty to, confession to, or entering of a plea of nolo contendere by Participant for any other felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty, moral turpitude, or a breach of trust; or (iv) the Participant s material violation or breach of the Company s or any Subsidiary s code of conduct or ethics or other Company or Subsidiary policy or rule or the material breach by the Participant of any of his obligations under any written covenant or agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 

Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Stock Plan. 
 
 Committee shall mean the Compensation and Talent Committee of the Board. 
 
 Disability of a Participant means that the Participant (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Participant s employer. In the event of a dispute, the determination of whether a Participant is Disabled will be made by the Committee and may be supported by the advice of a physician competent in the area to which such Disability relates. 
 
 Eligible Employee shall mean any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 Leave of Absence shall mean any leave of absence authorized in writing by the Company or any Subsidiary or Parent, as applicable, prior to its commencement. 
 
 Parent shall mean a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity which owns or beneficially owns a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power of the Company. 
 
 Participant shall mean, for each Performance Period, an Eligible Employee who has been selected to participate in the Plan for that Performance Period. 
 
 Performance Objectives shall mean the financial, operational and/or individual performance objectives established by or under the direction of the Committee with respect to a given Performance Period. 
 
 Performance Period shall mean the Company s fiscal year or any other period designated by the Committee with respect to which an Award may be granted. 
 
 Plan shall mean this Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Retirement shall mean (i) the Participant has attained the age of 65; or (ii) the sum of the Participant s age and years of service as an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary equals or exceeds 65 years, and the Participant has at least attained the age of 55. 
 
 Scheduled Payment Date for any Performance Period has the meaning assigned such term in Section 6(a) hereof. 
 
 Stock Plans shall mean the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan and any future equity compensation plan(s) approved by the shareholders of the Company. 

Subsidiary shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity, domestic or foreign, of which a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Company. 
 
 Target Award shall mean the amount of an Award, expressed as a percentage of base salary, that will be earned by a Participant for a Performance Period if designated Performance Objectives are achieved at the target level. 
 
 SECTION 3 
 Administration 
 
 The Committee shall administer the Plan and shall have full authority to interpret the Plan, to establish rules and regulations relating to the operation of the Plan, to select Participants, to determine the amounts of any Awards and to make all determinations and take all other actions necessary or appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan. The Committee s interpretation of the Plan, and all actions taken within the scope of its authority, shall be final and binding on the Company, its stockholders and Participants, former Participants, and their respective successors and assigns. No member of the Committee shall be eligible to participate in the Plan. 
 
 The Committee may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer some or all of its authority with respect to Eligible Employees who are not executive officers of the Company, including the authority to select Participants, establish or approve Performance Objectives, establish or approve Target Awards, or determine the amounts of Awards to Participants under the Plan. 
 
 SECTION 4 
 Eligibility and Participation 
 
 The Committee shall determine the Participants in the Plan for each Performance Period. With respect to non-executive officers, the Chief Executive Officer shall recommend to the Committee a list of Eligible Employees (and/or job classifications or categories of Eligible Employees) proposed to be Participants in the Plan for each Performance Period. Within 90 days after the beginning of each Performance Period (or such longer period as may be determined by the Committee from time to time), the Committee shall review and approve the Eligible Employees and/or job classifications or categories of Eligible Employees who will be Participants in the Plan for that Performance Period. The Chief Executive Officer may add or delete non-executive officer Participants and/or job classifications or categories of Participants during a Performance Period, subject to Committee approval. 
 
 SECTION 5 
 Operation of the Plan 
 
 (a) Establishment of Target Awards . Within 90 days after the beginning of each Performance Period (or such longer period as may be determined by the Committee from time to time), the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) shall approve the percentage of each Participant s base salary that will be awarded to the Participant if designated Performance Objectives are achieved at the target performance level (the Target Award ). Each Participant s Target Award percentage will be communicated in writing to the Participant. The actual Award to 

a Participant may be greater or less than his or her Target Award, depending on the level of achievement of Performance Objectives and depending on whether the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) exercises discretion to increase or reduce a resulting Award as provided herein. If a Participant s Target Award is based on his or her managerial level, and if his or her managerial level changes during the Performance Period, the Target Award percentages for such managerial levels will be prorated based on the number of days the Participant was employed in the applicable managerial levels during the Performance Period. 
 
 (b) Service Requirements and Performance Objectives . 

(i) 
 
 Service Requirements . Except as may be required by law and subject to the exceptions set forth in Section 7 hereof, a Participant must be an Active Employee for three (3) months of a Performance Period to be eligible for an Award for that Performance Period, unless the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company) determines otherwise. 

(ii) 
 
 Performance Objectives . Within 90 days after the beginning of each Performance Period (or such longer period as may be determined by the Committee from time to time), the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) shall establish or approve financial, operational and/or individual performance objectives relative to each Participant for a Performance Period, which may vary depending on the business unit, managerial level or role of the Participant. Such Performance Objectives may be expressed in terms of threshold, target and maximum performance levels, the achievement of which will affect the amount of the Awards earned, with or without interpolation between points. The applicable Performance Objectives for each Participant shall be communicated in writing to the Participant as soon as practicable after they are established. 

(c) Determination of Awards . As soon as practicable after the end of each Performance Period, the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) will review the level of achievement of Performance Objectives for the Performance Period. While the achievement of Performance Objectives shall in all cases be taken under consideration by the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee to determine Awards with respect to Participants who are not executive officers), the final Award for each Participant is within the sole discretion of the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers), based on such factors as it or he shall deem relevant. The Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be) shall review and approve all Awards, based upon the assumption that the Participant will be an Active Employee on the Scheduled Payment Date (defined below). 

SECTION 6 
 Payment of Awards 
 
 (a) Awards will be paid to Participants within 30 days after the amount of such Awards for a Performance Period have been determined, but no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period for which the Awards, if any, were earned (the Scheduled Payment Date ). 
 
 (b) Unless otherwise provided in Section 7 or determined by the Committee, a Participant must be an Active Employee on the Scheduled Payment Date for a Performance Period to be eligible for an Award. 
 
 (c) Awards made to Participants who are participating in the Plan for less than the entire Performance Period shall be prorated based on the number of days that the Participant was an Active Employee during the applicable Performance Period. 
 
 (d) Any Participant may be removed from consideration for an Award (or have the Award amount reduced) at the discretion of the Committee or its designee. Performance-related and ethics-related personnel actions are particularly likely to lead to removal from consideration. 
 
 (e) Payment of Awards may be made in cash, stock, restricted stock, options, other stock-based or stock-denominated units or any combination thereof determined by the Committee. Equity or equity-based awards shall be granted under the terms and conditions of one or more of the Company s Stock Plans. If so authorized by the Committee, payment of Awards may be deferred in accordance with a written election by the Participant pursuant to procedures established by the Committee. 
 
 SECTION 7 
 Effect of Employment Status 
 
 (a) General . 

(i) 
 
 Unless otherwise provided in this Section 7 or determined by the Committee, a Participant must be an Active Employee on the Scheduled Payment Date for a Performance Period to be eligible for an Award. 

(ii) 
 
 Except as may be required by law and subject to the exceptions set forth in this Section 7, a Participant must be an Active Employee for at least three months of a Performance Period to be eligible for an Award for that Performance Period, unless the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company) determines otherwise. 

(b) Termination of Employment Following Conclusion of Performance Period and Prior to Scheduled Payment Date . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its discretion, and subject to any contrary provision in an individual employment, severance or similar agreement with a Participant: 

(i) 
 
 If a Participant s employment terminates by reason of his or her death, Disability or Retirement after the end of the Performance Period but before the Scheduled Payment Date, then such Participant shall be eligible to earn an Award on the Scheduled Payment Date based upon the level of achievement of such Participant s Performance Objectives for the applicable Performance Period. 

(ii) 
 
 If the Company terminates a Participant s employment without Cause after the end of the Performance Period but before the Scheduled Payment Date, then such Participant shall be eligible to earn an Award on the Scheduled Payment Date based upon the level of achievement of such Participant s Performance Objectives for the applicable Performance Period, provided that within thirty (30) days after the date of termination the Participant shall have executed a separation and full release of claims/covenant not to sue agreement in the form provided by the Company (the Release Agreement and such Release Agreement shall not have been revoked within the revocation period specified in the Release Agreement. 

(iii) 
 
 If a Participant s employment terminates after the end of the Performance Period but prior to the Scheduled Payment Date for any reason other than as set forth in Section 7(b)(i) or (ii), then such Participant shall not be eligible for an Award. 

(c) Termination of Employment During Performance Period . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its discretion, and subject to any contrary provision in an individual employment, severance or similar agreement with a Participant: 

(i) 
 
 If a Participant s employment terminates by reason of his or her death, Disability or Retirement during the Performance Period, then, provided that, except as otherwise required by law, such Participant has been an Active Employee for at least three months of the Performance Period, such Participant shall be eligible to earn a pro rata Award on the Scheduled Payment Date based upon the level of achievement of such Participant s Performance Objectives for the applicable Performance Period, with such proration based upon the number of days that the Participant was an Active Employee during the applicable Performance Period. 

(ii) 
 
 If the Company terminates Participant s employment without Cause during the Performance Period, then, provided that, except as otherwise required by law, such Participant has been an Active Employee for at least three months of the Performance Period, such Participant shall be eligible to earn a pro rata Award on the Scheduled Payment Date based upon the level of achievement of such Participant s Performance Objectives for the applicable Performance Period, with such proration based upon the number of days that the Participant was an Active Employee during the applicable Performance Period, provided that within thirty (30) days after the date of termination Participant shall have executed a Release Agreement and such Release Agreement shall not have been revoked within the revocation 

period specified in the Release Agreement. 

(iii) 
 
 If a Participant s employment terminates during the Performance Period for any reason other than as set forth in Section 7(c)(i) or (ii), then such Participant shall not be eligible for an Award. 

(d) Transfers; Other Changes in Status . Subject to any contrary provision in an individual employment, severance or similar agreement with a Participant: 

(i) 
 
 In the event a Participant is transferred between the Company and one or more of its Subsidiaries or to an unaffiliated company, the effect of the transfer on the Award shall be determined by the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company). 

(ii) 
 
 If a Participant begins employment or is promoted to an eligible position after the beginning of a Performance Period, the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers), in its or his discretion, may determine whether such employee may participate in the Plan and if so, the terms of such participation. Any Award earned by such Participant will be prorated based on the number of days such person participated in the Plan during the Performance Period, unless the Committee or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be, determines otherwise. 

(iii) 
 
 If a Participant is demoted during a Performance Period, the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) will determine whether Plan participation ends at that time, or is continued, perhaps at a reduced level. If participation ends, any Award earned during the time of participation will be prorated based on the number of days such person participated in the Plan during the Performance Period and the level of participation. 

(iv) 
 
 Except as may be required by law, if a Participant takes a Leave of Absence during the Performance Period for any reason, then, notwithstanding Section 7(a) hereof, such Participant shall be eligible to earn an Award and any Award earned by such Participant will be prorated based on the number of days such person participated in the Plan during the Performance Period, unless the Committee or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be, determines otherwise. 

(e) Applies to Canadian and United Kingdom/European Union Eligible Employees Only - The date of termination of employment under the Plan shall be determined to be: 

(i) 
 
 In the case of a Participant s resignation or retirement, the day on which the Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company. 

(ii) 
 
 In the case of the dismissal of the Participant or any other termination of employment not otherwise addressed, whether for cause or otherwise, the earlier of the date on which the Participant receives notice of termination of employment or the day on which the Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company. 

(iii) 
 
 In the case of any single-member limited liability company or single-shareholder corporation providing executive management services to the Company or its Subsidiaries through its sole member or shareholder, the day that provision of executive management services ceases. 

SECTION 8 
 Change in Control 
 
 Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its discretion, and subject to any contrary provision in an individual employment, severance or similar agreement with a Participant, if a Change in Control occurs during a Performance Period, then, provided that the Participant is an Active Employee on the effective date of the Change in Control, a Participant shall be eligible to earn a pro rata Award based upon the level of achievement of such Participant s Performance Objectives for the applicable Performance Period, measured as of the effective date of the Change in Control, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee or the Board (as constituted immediately prior to the Change in Control) with such proration based upon the number of days elapsed from the commencement of the applicable Performance Period through the effective date of the Change in Control. Such pro rata Awards shall be paid to Participants no later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Change in Control and, unless other determined by the Company in its sole discretion, such payments shall be in full satisfaction of Awards under the Plan for such Performance Period and no additional amounts shall be payable to Participants under the Plan with respect to such Performance Period. 
 
 SECTION 9 
 Amendment and Termination 
 
 The Committee may amend the Plan at any time and from time to time. The Committee may terminate the Plan at any time. 
 
 SECTION 10 
 Other Provisions 
 
 (a) No Eligible Employee or other person shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan. Neither the establishment of this Plan, nor any action taken hereunder, shall be construed as giving any Eligible Employee any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in the Plan shall limit the ability of the Company to make payments or awards to Eligible Employees under any other plan, agreement or arrangement. 
 
 (b) The rights and benefits of a Participant hereunder are personal to the Participant and, except for payments made following a Participant s death, shall not be subject to any voluntary or involuntary alienation, assignment, pledge, transfer, encumbrance, attachment, garnishment or other disposition. 

(c) Awards under the Plan shall not constitute compensation for the purpose of determining participation or benefits under any other plan of the Company unless specifically included as compensation in such plan. 
 
 (d) If there is any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and any individual employment, severance or similar agreement with a Participant to the extent such an agreement exists or is subsequently implemented by the Company, such conflict shall be resolved so as to provide the greater benefit to the Participant. 
 
 (e) The Company (or the Participant s employing company) shall have the right to deduct from Awards any taxes or other amounts required to be withheld by law. 
 
 (f) Nothing contained in the Plan shall be construed to prevent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from taking any corporate action which is deemed by it to be appropriate or in its best interest, whether or not such action would have an adverse effect on any Awards made under the Plan and nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to limit or restrict the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from establishing any compensation plan or arrangement, or making any payment, or granting any Award to any Eligible Employee or other person. No employee, beneficiary or other person shall have any claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of any such action. 
 
 (g) All questions pertaining to the construction, regulation, validity and effect of the provisions of the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 
 (h) No member of the Committee or the Board, and no officer, employee or agent of the Company shall be liable for any act or action hereunder, whether of commission or omission, taken by any other member, or by any officer, agent, or employee, or, except in circumstances involving bad faith, for anything done or omitted to be done in the administration of the Plan. 
 
 (i) (Applies to United States Eligible Employees Only) - Nothing in the Plan is intended to or shall change the nature of any Participant s employment from being at will, terminable by the employer or employee at any time, with or without notice. 
 
 (j) Applies to Canadian and United Kingdom/European Union Eligible Employees Only) - Nothing in the Plan is intended to or shall change the nature of any Participant s contract of employment with the Company or affect the Company s right to terminate the employment of the Participant. 
 
 (k) Nothing in this Plan is intended to change the nature of the contract to provide executive management services or affect any right to terminate such contract, in the case of any single-member limited liability company or single-shareholder corporation providing executive management services to the Company or its Subsidiaries through its sole member or shareholder. 
 
 (l) Awards granted under this Plan shall be subject to any compensation recoupment policy that the Company may adopt from time to time that is applicable by its terms to the recipient of such award. 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 3
 sbh-ex1021_250.htm
 CHRISTIAN BRICKMAN SEPERATION AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT

sbh-ex1021_250.htm

Exhibit 10.21 
 SEPARATION AGREEMENT 
 This Separation Agreement (" Agreemen t " is entered into, effective on August 26 , 2021 (the " Effective Dat e " ), by and between Christian A. Brickman (" Employee ") and Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (" Employer " (Jointly the " Parties " ). 

1. 
 
 Separation Matters . 

 a. Separation Date. Employee shall separate from employment with Employer and its affiliates on September 30, 2021 (the " Separation Date "). As of the Separation Date, Employee shall cease serving as E m ployer's President and Chief Executive Officer and shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices and directorships held with Employer and its affiliates. E m ployee agrees to take any and all further acts necessary or requested by Employer to effectuate his resignation of such positions. 
 b. Transition Period. From the Effective Date through the applicable time on the Separation Date (the " Trans i tion Period "), E m ployee shall continue t o serve in his current positions as an officer and/or director (or similar position) with Employer and any affiliate thereof under the supervision and direction of the non-management members of the Board of Directors of Employer (the " Independent Board ''). Promptly following the Effective Date, external and internal notices of Employee's separation shall be given by Employer in notices or public releases which shall be prepared by E m ployer under the direction of the Independent Board; provided that E m ployee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to provide input as to the content of any such notice or release during the Transition Period, which input shall be considered by the Independent Board in its sole discretion. During the Transition Period and in addition to Employee's . other obligations hereunder, E m ployee agrees to (i) fully cooperate with any transition plan as determined and directed by the Independent Board, (ii) remain loyal to E m ployer and its affiliates, and (iii) remain subject to the policies of Employer and its affiliates. During the Transition Period, Employer and its affiliates shall continue to pay E m ployee's base salary and benefits in accordance with existing policies and practices. 
 2. Consideration. In consideration of the release of all claims by Employee as provided for in Section 3 of this Agreement, and for the other agreements by Employee herein other than the Final Release as defined below), Employer shall provide Employee the following as consideration (less any withholdings required by law or deductions authorized by the Parties' previous agree ment or as otherwise agreed to in this Agreement, the '' Release Consideration " after the Separation Date and as further described below: 

a. 
 
 E q uity-Based Release Consideration. 

 i. Stock Option Awards. As set forth in Exhibit A hereunder, Employee's outstanding grants of stock option awards with respect to Employer shall become vested to the extent set forth in Exhibit A hereunder, as applicable, as of the Separation Date and remain exercisable for a period of six (6) months after the Separation Date or, if earlier, until such time such options would otherwise expire pursuant to their terms, it being understood that all unvested options that do not vest in accordance with this Section 2(a)(i) shall be forfeited. 
 ii. Restricted Stock Awards . As set forth in Exhibit A hereunder, E m ployee's outstanding grants of restricted stock awards with respect to Employer shall become vested to the extent set forth in Exhibit A hereunder as of the Separation Date, it being understood that all shares of restricted stock that do not vest in accordance with this Section 2(a)(ii) shall be forfeited. 
 iii. Performance Stock Units . As set forth in Exhibit A hereunder, Employee ' s outstanding grants of performance stock units with respect to Employer shall remain eligible to vest to the extent set forth in Exhibit A hereunder, subject to the attainment of the applicable performance goals thereunder, it being understood that all performance stock units that do not remain eligible to vest in accordance with this Section 2(a)(iii) (or do not otherwise vest because the applicable performance goals are not attained) shall be forfeited. 
 b. Transition Consulting Consideration. Employee shall be eligible to earn total potential consulting pay of up to 500,000 for E m ployee to assist in the orderly transition of his prior duties to such other officers of E m ployer and such other persons as shall be determined and designed by the Independent Board. Such consulting pay shall be provided to Employee with respect to the six (6) calendar months following the Separation Date , payable in up to six (6) equal installments of 83,333.33 ; provided that the Independent Board 

may terminate the above-described consulting arrangement in its discretion at any time, at which time no further installment payments shall be payable or provided to E m ployee with respect to any full calendar months in which such consulting arrangement is terminated. 
 c. Preconditions to Release Consideration E ntitlement. All payments described in this Section 2 are conditioned upon Employee abiding by the terms of this Agreemen t , specifically including Sections 6-9 below. Employee further agrees that this Release Consideration is in addition to anything of value to which Employee already is entitled . 

3. 
 
 General Release. 

 a. Release. In consideration of the Release Consideration, Employee hereby fully, finally, and completely releases Employer and its predecessors, successors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, partners, current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys and representatives (collectivel y , the " Released Parties " , from any and all claims , actions, demands , and/or causes of action , of whatever kind or character, whether now known or unknown , arising from, relating to, or in any way connected with, facts or events occurring on or before the date on which Employee executes this Agreement, but exc l uding any such claims, demands and/or causes of action (i) arising solely and specifically under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1 967 (" ADEA " ), (ii) arising from any breach or failure to perform any provision of this Agreement, or (iii) that cannot be wa i ved by a general release (the " Released Claims ' ' ). Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3, Employee agrees that the Released Claims include a release of any and all employment claims, negligence claims, contractual claims, wrongful discharge claims, and claims of discrimination (other than ADEA claims) or retaliation of every possible kind, including but not limited to, claims on the basis of race, color , sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, disability, age, whistleblower status, and claims under local, state or federal law, incl uding, but not limited to the Americans with Disabilities Act, the National Labor Relations Act (" NLRA "), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and similar state laws , and other federal, state or local laws relating to employment or termination of employment, any personal injury or other tort claims, and any related attorneys' fees and costs claims, if any, that Employee may have against Employer or any of the Released Parties. Employee waives and releases Employer and the Released Parties from any claims that this Agreement was procured by fraud or signed under duress or coercion so as to make any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement not binding. Employee also waives the right to become a member of any class in a case in which claims are asserted against any of the Released Parties based on acts or events occurring on or before the date on which Employee executes this Agreement. The general release in this Agreement specifically includes a release of any claims under state and local laws based on acts or events occurring on or before the date on which Employee executes this Agreement, including to the extent applicable claims under Texas Labor Code Chapters 21 and 45. 
 b. Other Acknowledgements and Agreements. 
 i. Employee understands that nothing in this Agreement is intended to interfere with or deter Employee ' s right to challenge the waiver of an ADEA claim or state law age discrimination claim or the filing of an ADEA charge or ADEA complaint or state law age discrimination complaint or charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (" EEOC ' ' or any state discrimination agency or commission or to participate in any investigation or proceeding conducted by those agencies. Further , Employee understands that nothing in this Agreement would require Employee to tender back the money received under this Agreement if E m ployee seeks to challenge the validity of the ADEA or state law age discrimination waiver , nor does Employee agree to ratify any ADEA or state law age discrimination waiver that fails to comply with the Older Workers' Benefit Protection Act by retaining the money received under the Agreement. Further, nothing in this Agreement is intended to require the payment of damages, attorney s ' fees or costs to Employer should Employee challenge the waiver of an ADEA or state law age discrimination claim or file an ADEA or state law age discrimination suit except as authorized by federal or state law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, E m ployee agrees to waive any right to recover monetary damages in any charge , complaint, or lawsuit against Employer filed by Employee or by anyone else on E m ployee's behalf, with the exception of complaints or claims made to/with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (" SEC '' ). Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent E m ployee from filing a complaint or claim or communicating in any way with the SEC and obtaining any and all SEC monetary benefits/awards. 
 ii. Employee also acknowledges I rece i pt of all compensation and benefits due on or prior to the Effective Date as a result of services performed for E m ployer and its affiliates ; (2) Employee has reported to Employer in writing any and all work-related injuries incurred during employment with Employer; (3) Employer properly provided any leave of absence because of Employee's or a family member's health condition and Employee has not been subjected to any improper treatment, conduct or actions due to a request for or taking such leave; and (4) E m ployee has provided Employer with written notice of any and all concerns regarding suspected ethical and compliance issues or violations on the part of Employer or any Rel e ase Party. 

4. Release of Unknown Claims. For the purpose of implementing a full and complete release, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement resolves all claims, demands and/or causes of action com prising the Released Claims, which Employee may have against Released Parties as of the Effective Date, including but not limited to the Released Claims that he did not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of the Effective Date . 
 5. Final Release. With this Agreement, Employer offers to Employee a second agreement that includes a release of claims under the ADEA for additional consideration (the " Final Release " as set forth in Exhibit B hereunder. As described in the Final Release, Employee has at least twenty-one (2 1 days to consider the Final Release. 

6. 
 
 Restrictive Covenants. 

 a. Confidential Information. In addition to any similar obligations of Employee pursuant to any separate agreement of Employee with Employer or an affiliate thereof, for all periods on and after the Effective Date, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, use, divulge, transmit or otherwise disclose (except as required by applicable law) any trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information of Employer or its affiliates, including any such information relating to Employer's or its affiliates' operations, finances, processes, services, techniques, customers or plans (" Confidential Information " ); provided that Employee may disclose such information (i) to the extent required to enable Employee to comply with applicable laws and regulations or with duly issued administrative, legislative or legal process (it being understood and agreed that Employee shall provide Employer with notice as soon as reasonably practicable of any such disclosure obligation so that Employer may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy) and (ii) to E m ployee's attorneys, accountants and professional advisors, to the extent necessary to facilitate their representation of Employee, so long as, in each case, such attorneys, accountants and professional advisors agree to be bound by this Section 6(a) (it being understood and agreed that Employee shall remain responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any such persons). In addition, Employee is hereby advised that in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 an individual may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any fede ral or state trade secret law for the _ disclosure of a trade secret that (x) is made in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to_ an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (y) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 b. Non-Competition. In addition to any similar obligations of Employee pursuant to any separate agreement of Employee with Employer or an affiliate thereof, Employee agrees that commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing for a pe riod o f twelve (12) months after the Separation Date, Employee shall not manage, supervise, . or perform services for a Competing Business (as defined below) in the Restricted Area (as defined below) that are similar in purpose or function to the services Employee performed for Employer, or that would otherwise involve the probable use or disclosure of Confidential Information. Nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit: (i) Employee's employment in a separately operated subsidiary or other business un it of a company that would not be a Competing Business but for common ownership with respect to a Competing Business so long as written assurances regarding the non-competitive nature of Employee's position that are satisfactory to Employer have been provided by E m ployee and the new employer in advance; or (ii) a passive investment interest in a Competing Business through the ownership of less than two percent (2 of the outstanding shares of a publicly traded co m pany . For purposes of this Section 6(b): 
 i. "Competing Busines s " means any person, business entity, organization, or separately operated unit or subsidiary of a business entity, that is engaged in or about to become engaged in (x) the business of the retail or wholesale sale, or the distribution of, beauty products in one or more of the following categories: cosmetics, fragrance, hair care and styling, personal care products, skincare and treatment, bath and body products, salon styling tools, or salon hair care products; or, (y) the providing of salon and skincare services, excluding, in each case, any manufacturer of any such beauty products that does not maintain a vertically-integrated distribution business that includes stores. 
 ii. "Restricted Area " means, as it relates to E m ployee, (x) each of the states within the United States where Employer or its affiliates does business as reflected on the respective websites of Employer or its affiliates (or equivalent public announcements) during the Transition Period in which Employee had supervisory or management authority over, or received Confidential Information about, at any time during the two (2) year period preceding the Separation Date (the "Measurement Perio d " ), (y) a five (5) mile radius surrounding each store or operating facility of Employer or its affiliates that Employee had supervisory or management authority over, or received Confidential Information about, during the Measurement Period, and (z) a fifty (50) mile radius surrounding each office or facility of Employer or its affiliates that Employee regularly worked out of during the Measurement Period. 

c. Non-Solicitation. In addition to any similar obligations of Employee pursuant to any separate agreement of Employee with Employer or an affiliate thereof, Employee agrees that commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing for a period of twelve 1 2) months after the Separation Date, Employee shall not, nor shall Employee assist any third party to, directly or indirectly: (i) recruit, raid, solicit, or attempt to persuade any employee of Employer or an affiliate thereof to work for one of their competitors; (ii) interfere with the performance by any such persons of their duties for Employer or an affiliate thereof; or (iii) communicate with any such persons for the purposes described in items (i) or (ii), it being understood that this Section 6( c) applies to any such employee who is an employee of Employer or an affiliate thereof at any time during the period commencing six (6) months prior to the Separation Date and ending twelve (12) months after the Separation Date. 
 d. Non-Disparagement. Employee shall not disparage, malign, embarrass, or damage the reputation of Employer or any of Employer's current or former employees or current or former members of the Board of Directors or similar governing body of Employer or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the " Board " ). Employee further agrees that Employee shall not take any steps to influence or deter any investor or shareholder with respect to their investment(s) or relationship(s) with respect to Employer. Employee further agrees not to, directly or indirectly, contact or otherwise communicate with any of Employer's employees, or current or former members of the Board for the purpose of, or in a manner having the effect of, disparaging, embarrassing, or otherwise harassing such persons. 
 e. Condition Precedent. The Parties agree and acknowledge the other Party's agreement to abide by the terms of this Section 6 and its requirements was a necessary condition precedent to the decision on the part of both Parties to enter into this Agreement. The Parties further acknowledge and agree that in the event of a breach by Employee, Employer's obligations, including those financial obligations set forth in Section 2 above or in the Final Release, shall become null and void. Further, Employee shall have an obligation to repay any monies or benefits received under this Agreement or the Final Release, including any monies and benefits paid and received under Section 2 above or pursuant to the Final Release, to Employer as part of a reasonable remedy for such breach, along with all available legal remedies. Nothing in this Section 6 of the Agreement is to be construed to preclude Employee or any individual from communicating with any government agency, including the EEOC, the National Labor Relations Board (" NLR B " ), the SEC, and/or otherwise participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any government agencies in connection with any charge or complaint, whether filed by Employee, on Employee's behalf, or by any other individual. 
 f. Injunctive Relief; Blue Penciling. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the covenants contained in this Section 6 are reasonable in scope and duration, do not unduly restrict Employee's ability to engage in his livelihood, and are necessary to protect Employer's legitimate business interests. Without limiting the rights of Employer to pursue any other legal and/or equitable remedies available to it for any breach by Employee of the covenants contained in this Section 6, Employee acknowledges that a breach of those covenants would cause a loss to Employer for which it could not reasonably or adequately be compensated by damages in an action at law, that remedies other than injunctive relief could not fully compensate Employer for a breach of those covenants and that, accordingly, Employer shall be entitled to injunctive relief, without the posting of any bond or similar security, to prevent any breach or continuing breaches of Employee's covenants as set forth in this Section 6 . It is the intention of the Parties that if, in any such action before any court of competent jurisdiction empowered to enforce such covenants , any term, restriction, covenant, or promise is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any present or future law, then such term, restriction, covenant or promise shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 
 7. Return of Property . No later than such time that is five (5) days following the Separation Date, Employee shall return any and all records or other documents (regardless of media) relating to the business of Employer or its affiliates, whether prepared by Employee or otherwise, and Employer-issued equipment and keys, including, by way of example but not limitation, laptop, iPad, printer, scanner, and/or employee badge, all of which shall be the exclusive property of Employer. 
 8. Tax Indemnification. Employee acknowledges and agrees that E m ployer has not made any representations to Employee regarding the tax consequences of any amounts received by Employee pursuant to this Agreement. The Parties further agree that if any local, state or federal authority determines that the tax treatment for payments made under this Agreement is improper or impermissible, E m ployee shall be solely responsible for payment of all such taxes due, including interest and penalties, and E m ployee shall indemnify Employer for all such tax payments, including interest and penalties. To the extent E m ployer is penalized for any failure to withhold or pay taxes, E m ployee agrees that E m ployee shall indemnify Employer for its costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable and necessary attorneys' fees) and/or penalties with respect to taxes or the failure to withhold. 

9. Cooperation. E m ployee agrees that he shall assist and cooperate with E m ployer regarding any legal matters, including litigation matters that arise or continue beyond the separation of Employee's employment. Employee shall not receive additional co m pensation for such assistance and cooperation; however, Employer shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable expenses incurred in fulfilling this obligation . 
 10. Employee's Attorneys' Fees and Costs. Employee acknowledges and represents that all claims for attorneys' fees, costs, or other recoverable expenses that Employee's attorneys may hold against Employer as Employee's attorneys shall be satisfied solely by E m ployee. 
 11. Employment Reference and Verification. Employee agrees that for any employment verification or reference purposes, Employee shall refer prospective employers to the third-party service entitled "The Work Number" 1-800-367-5690 or www.theworknumber . com. This online employment verification service can provide confirmation of employment and dates of employment. The relevant employer code to use is 11140. Should this service change, E m ployee agrees to use the third-party service then used by E m ployer. Employee agrees not to contact, or direct others to contact, any active employee or representative of E m ployer for a reference or information relating to Employee's employment with Employer. 
 12. Exceptions. Nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the acknowledgements, release, confidentiality and other restrictive covenants, tax indemnification, Employee's attorneys' fees and costs, and employment verification provisions, prevent Employee from filing a charge or complaint with or from participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, NLRB, SEC or any other any federal, state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any laws, or from exercising rights under Section 7 of the NLRA to engage in joint activity with other employees, although by signing this Agreement Employee is waiving rights to individual relief based on claims asserted in such a charge or complaint, or asserted by any third-party on Employee's behalf, except where such a waiver of individual relief is prohibited and except for a benefit or remedy pursuant to Section 922 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. In addition, nothing in this Agreement is intended to affect or diminish any rights Employee may have for indemnification or other protections under any insurance policy issued and which may cover Employer, its parents or subsidiaries (including but not limited to rights under Directors and Officers liability ins u rance policies and commercial general liability policies), to the same extent as if this Agreement did not exist and he remained an employee. Further, E m ployee shall continue to retain his rights to indemnification and other protections under any corporate bylaws or other corporate documents or applicable individual contracts, to the same extent as if this Agreement did not exist and he remained an employee. 
 13. Miscellaneous. 
 a. Entire Agreement; No Assignment. This Agreement (including the Final Release) sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties and no representation, promise, or condition not contained herein shall modify these terms, except any prior agreements related to inventions, business ideas, confidentiality of corporate information, non-competition and non-solicitation remain intact. The rights under this Agreement may not be assigned by Employee, unless Employer consents in writing to said assignment. E m ployee represents that E m ployee has not assigned any of the claims related to the matters set forth herein, it being understood for the avoidance of doubt that this Agreement is for the benefit of Employer and the other Released Parties and their successors and shall be binding on Employee and his heirs, devisees, successors and assigns. 
 b. No Admission of Liability. Nothing in this Agreement constitutes the admission of any liability by E m ployer, the Released Parties, or Employee. 
 c. Read Agreement/Advice of Attorney. Employee acknowledges that Employee has read and understood this Agreement, has been advised to and has had the opportunity to discuss it with an attorney of Employee's own choice, agrees to its terms, acknowledges receipt of a copy of same and the sufficiency of the payment recited herein, and signs this Agreement vo l untarily. 

d. Applicable Law and Severability. The Parties agree that the terms of this Agreement are contractual in nature and not merely recitals and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. The Parties further agree that should any part of this Agreement be declared or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under any present or future law, the Parties intend the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining parts shall not be affected thereby, and said illegal, invalid, or unenforceable part shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. A facsimile, pdf, or e-mail copy of any Party's signature shall be deemed as legally binding as the original signature. 
 e. Notice. Any notice to be given to Employer hereunder shall be deemed sufficient if addressed to E m ployer in writing and hand-delivered or mailed by certified mail to General Counsel, Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., 3001 Colorado Boulevard, Denton, Texas 76210, or via facsimile or email (facsimile: (940) 297-4594; email: JHenrich@Sallybeauty . com ). Any notice to be given to Employee hereunder shall be deemed sufficient if addressed to Employee in writing and hand-delivered or mailed by certified mail to Employee at Employee's last known address as shown on Employer's records. Either Party may designate a different address or addresses by giving notice according to this Section 13(e). 
 f. Confidentiality. Employee agrees to keep the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including any and all discussions, communications and documents relating to the matters and negotiations that led to consummation of this Agreement) confidential to the extent allowed by law, except Employee may supply a copy to Employee's accountant or other financial advisor solely in connection with preparing Employee's income tax return, and Employee may disclose this Agreement to members of Employee's immediate family and to Employee's attorney on a confidential basis. Employee may also provide a copy of this Agreement to a potential future employer, after receipt of a job offer, to confirm any ongoing obligations owed to Employer under the terms of this Agreement. 
 14. Code Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit payable hereunder shall be paid or provided in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 , as amended (the "Code " ), and applicable Internal Revenue Service guidance and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder. Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under the Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed to Employee, who is responsible for all taxes assessed on any payments made pursuant to this Agreement, whether under Section 409A of the Code or otherwise. Neither Employer nor its directors, officers, employees, or advisors shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties , or other monetary amounts owed by E m ployee as a result of the application of Section 409A of the Code. Any installment payment hereunder shall be deemed to be a separate payment, as described in Treas. Reg. Section 1 .409A- 2(b)(2), for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if Employee is a specified employee" (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and determined pursuant to any policies adopted by Employer consistent with Section 409A of the Code), at the time of E m ployee's separation from service , and if any portion of the payments or benefits to be received by E m ployee upon separation from service would be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and cannot be paid or provided to Employee without E m ployee incurring taxes, interest or penalties under Section 409A of the Code, amounts that would otherwise be payable pursuant to this Agreement and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, during the six (6)-month period immediately following Employee ' s separation from service shall instead be paid or made available on the earlier of (i) the first business day of the seventh (7th) month following the date of Employee's separation from service or (ii) Employee's death. 
 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 

The Parties have signed this Agreement on the dates written by the signatures below. 
 
 EMPL OYEE : 
 
 /s/ Christian A. Brickman Date: 8/26/2021 
 Christian A. Brickman 
 
 EMPLOYER: 
 
 /s/ Robert R. McMaster Date: 8/26/2021 
 By: Robert R. McMaster 
 Chairman, Board of Directors 

Signature Page to Separation Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 

Type of Award 
 
 Date of Grant 
 
 Shares / Target Shares that Remain Subject to Award Immediately Prior to Separation Date 
 
 Original Vesting Schedule 
 
 Release Consideration: 
 Modified Award Vesting 

Option 
 
 11/04/20 
 
 354,536 
 
 Annual Three- Year Ratable Vesting 
 
 Accelerated Vesting of 118,179 Option Shares 
 Total Exercisable Option Shares of 118 , 179 

RSA 
 
 11/04/20 
 
 145,214 
 
 Annual Three- Year Ratable Vesting 
 
 Accelerated Vesting of 48 , 405 Restricted Shares 

PSU 
 
 11/04/20 
 
 145 , 214 
 
 Multi-Year Performance Subject to Three-Year Cliff Vesting 
 
 Continued Potential Vesting with respect to the 24,202 Performance Stock Units Relating to the Year 1 Adjusted Operating Income PSU Award 
 Vesting Remains Subject to Performance Attainment 
 Any Shares Payable on Performance Attainment will be Delivered to Employee by December 15, 2021 

Option 
 
 11/05/19 
 
 240,091 
 
 Annual Three- Year Ratable Vesting 
 
 Accelerated Vesting of 80,030 Option Shares 
 Total Exercisable Option Shares of 160,060 (Taking into Account Previously Vested Option Shares) 

RSA 
 
 11/05/19 
 
 52,853 
 
 Annual Three- Year Ratable Vesting 
 
 Accelerated Vesting of 26,426 Restricted Shares 

Option 
 
 11/01/18 
 
 232,081 
 
 Annual Three- Year Ratable Vesting 
 
 Accelerated Vesting of 77,361 Option Shares 
 Total Exercisable Option Shares of 232,081 (Taking into Account Previously Vested Option Shares) 

RSA 
 
 11/01/18 
 
 24,256 
 
 Annual Three- Year Ratable Vesting 
 
 Accelerated Vesting of 24,256 Restricted Shares 

Option 
 
 11/01/17 
 
 210,200 
 
 Annual Three- Year Ratable Vesting 
 
 Option Shares are 100 Vested and Exercisable 

Option 
 
 11/01/16 
 
 321,409 
 
 N/A Fully Exercisable Immediately Prior to Separation Date 
 
 Option Shares are 100 Vested and Exercisable 

Option 
 
 10/28/15 
 
 302,961 
 
 N/A Fully Exercisable Immediately Prior to Separation Date 
 
 Option Shares are 100 Vested and Exercisable 

Option 
 
 10/29/14 
 
 162,484 
 
 N/A Fully Exercisable Immediately Prior to Separation Date 
 
 Option Shares are 100 Vested and Exercisable 

Option 
 
 06/02/14 
 
 130,952 
 
 N/A Fully Exercisable Immediately Prior to Separation Date 
 
 Option Shares are 100 Vested and Exercisable 

EXHIBIT B 
 FINAL RELEASE 
 RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 This FINAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS (this " Fina l Releas e " is made on and effective as of October 1, 2021 (the " Release Date " by Christian A. Brickman " Employee " in favor of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (the " Employer " ), and the other Released Parties (as defined herein) in connection with the Separation Agreement entered into by and between Employee and Employer dated August 26, 2021 (the " Separation Agreement " ). Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used in this Final Release that are defined in the Separation Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Separation Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, the Separation Agreement includes a general release of claims by Employee in favor of the Released Parties, which did not include a release of claims under the Age Discrimination m Employment Act of 1967 (" ADEA " ); 
 WHEREAS, Employer wishes to obtain a final release of all claims, including claims under the ADEA as of the Release Date by Employee; and 
 WHEREAS, E m ployee is willing to execute and deliver this Final Release to Employer, as specifically provided herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, covenants and undertakings set forth herein, and in full compromise, release and settlement, accord and satisfaction and discharge of all claims or causes of action, known or unknown, the Parties agree as follows: 
 1. Consideration. Following Employee's execution and return of this Final Release, provided this Release is not timely revoked, Employer shall pay to Employee (i) a cash amount that is equivalent in value to, and in lieu of, the portion of the PSU consideration described on Exhibit A of the Separation Agreement that is attributable to 9,852 PSUs (with actual performance applied thereto), which cash amount, if payable, shall otherwise be paid in accordance with the Separation Agreement without duplication, and (ii) an amount equal to Employee's non-prorated annual bonus for fiscal year 2021, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be equal to the bonus (less any withholdings required by law or deductions authorized by the Parties' previous agreement or as otherwise agreed to in the Separation Agreement), if any, that would have been earned by Employee for fiscal year 2021 if he had remained employed on the normal payment date for such bonus under Employer's Annual Incentive Plan (" Final Year Bonus " ). This Final Year Bonus shall be paid at the same time that the fiscal year 2021 annual bonuses are paid under Employer's Annual Incentive Plan to active participants, but in any event prior to December 15, 2021. 

2. 
 
 Waiver and Release of Claims . 

 a. Release. In consideration of the foregoing, including the payment described in Section 1 above, which Employee hereby expressly acknowledges as good and sufficient consideration for the releases provided below, E m ployee hereby fully, finally, and completely releases Employer and its predecessors, successors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, partners, current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys and representatives (collectively, the " Released Parties "), from any and all claims, actions, demands, and/or causes of action, of whatever kind or character, whether now known or unknown, arising from, relating to, or in any way connected with, facts or events occurring on or before Release Date but excluding any such claims, demands and/or causes of action (i) arising from any breach or failure to perform any provision of this Final Release or the Separation Agreement, or (ii) that cannot be waived by a general release (the " Released Claims " ). Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2, Employee agrees that the Released Claims include a release of any and all employment claims, negligence claims, contractual claims, wrongful discharge claims, and claims of discrimination or retaliation of every possible kind , including but not limited to, claims on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, disability, age, whistleblower status, and claims under local, state or federal law, including, but not limited to the Americans with Disabilities Act, the ADEA, the NLRA, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 

1866, the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and similar state laws, and other federal, state or local laws relating to employment or termination of employment, any personal injury or other tort claims, and any related attorneys' fees and costs claims, if any, that Employee may have against Employer or any of the Released Parties. Employee waives and releases Employer and the Released Parties from any claims that this Final Release was procured by fraud or signed under duress or coercion so as to make any of the terms or provisions of this Final Release not binding. Employee also waive s the right to become a member of any class in a case in which claims are asserted against any of the Released Parties based on acts or events occurring on or before the Release Date. The general release in this Final Release specifically includes a release of any claims under state and local laws based on acts or events occurring on or before the Release Date, including to the extent applicable claims under Texas Labor Code Chapters 21 and 45. 
 b. Other Acknowledgements and Agreements. 
 i. Employee acknowledges that Employee has been given a reasonable period of time consider this Final Release and has been advised consult with an attorney prior to signing this Final Release. Employee has twenty-one (21 days after the Separation Date to consider whether to sign this Final Release (the " Consideration Period " ). As noted below, Employee must return this signed Final Release to Employer's representative set forth below within the Consideration Period. If Employee signs and returns this Final Release before the end of the Consideration Period, it is because Employee freely chose to do so after carefully considering its terms. Additionally, Employee shall have seven (7) days after the Release Date to revoke this Final Release , by delivering a written notice of revocation within the seven (7)-day revocation period to the same person as Employee returned this Final Release. If the revocation period expires on a weekend or holiday, Employee shall have until the end of the next business day to revoke. E m ployee agrees with Employer that changes to this Final Release, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the Consideration Period. Any such return or revocation of this Final Release shall be (i) addressed to John M. Henrich, c/o Employer at its offices, General Counsel, Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., 300 I Colorado Boulevard, Denton, Texas 7621 0, or via facsimile or email (facsimile: (940) 297-4594; email: JHenrich@Sallybeauty.com and otherwise in accordance with Section 13(e) of the Separation Agreement. 
 ii. Employee understands that nothing in this Final Release is intended to interfere with or deter Employee's right to challenge the waiver of an ADEA claim or state law age discrimination claim or the filing of an ADEA charge or ADEA complaint or state law age discrimination complaint or charge with the EEOC or any state discrimination agency or commission or to participate in any investigation or proceeding conducted by those agencies. Further, Employee understands that nothing in this Final Release would require Employee to tender back the money received under this Final Release if Employee seeks to challenge the validity of the ADEA or state law age discrimination waiver, nor does Employee agree to ratify any ADEA or state law age discrimination waiver that fails to comply with the Older Workers' Benefit Protection Act by retaining the money received under the Final Release. Further, nothing in this Final Release is intended to require the payment of damages, attorneys' fees or costs to Employer should Employee challenge the waiver of an ADEA or state Jaw age discrimination claim or file an ADEA or state Jaw age discrimination suit except as authorized by federal or state Jaw. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee agrees to waive any right to recover monetary damages in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit against Employer filed by Employee or by anyone else on Employee's behalf, with the exception of complaints or claims made to/with the SEC. Nothing in this Final Release shall prevent Employee from filing a complaint or claim or communicating in any way with the SEC and obtaining any and all SEC monetary benefits/award. 
 iii. Employee also acknowledges that Employee has provided E m ployer with written notice of any and all concerns regarding suspected ethical and compliance issues or violations on the part of Employer or any released person or entity arising from the Effective Date through such time that this Final Release is executed by Employee. 
 3. Release of Unknown Claims. For the purpose of implementing a full and complete release, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that this Final Release resolves all claims, demands and/or causes of action comprising the Released Claims, which Employee may have against Released Parties as of the Release Date, including but not limited to the Released Claims that he did not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of the Release Date. 

4. Amendment; Revocation. This Final Release may not be clarified, modified, changed or amended except in writing signed by Employee and Employer. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Final Release to the contrary, Employee may revoke this Final Release, in writing, for up to seven (7) days after the date of Employee's execution of this Final Release, by delivering a written notice of Employee's revocation of this Release to Employer in accordance with Section 2( b )(i) above. 
 5. Separation Agreement. The provisions of Sections 6, 8, 10, 12, 13 and 14 of the Separation Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such provisions were specifically set forth in this Final Release. 
 6. Successors and Heirs. This Final Release is for the benefit of Employer and the other Released Parties and their successors and shall be binding on Employee and his heirs, devisees, successors and assigns. 
 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 

The Parties have signed this Final Release on the dates written by the signatures below. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Final Release, if Employee does not sign and deliver this Final Release to Employer in accordance with Section 2(b)(i) above during the Consideration Period or if Employee revokes this Final Release during the applicable revocation period set forth above, then this Final Release shall be null and void and Employee shall not be entitled to the consideration described in Section I above. 
 EMPL OYEE : 
 
 /s/ Christian A. Brickman Date: 10/1/2021 
 Christian A. Brickman 
 
 EMPLOYER: 
 
 /s/ John Henrich Date: 10/1/2021 
 John Henrich, General Counsel 

Signature Page to Final Release 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 4
 sbh-ex1022_432.htm
 CHRISTIAN BRICKMAN CONSULTING AGREEMENT

sbh-ex1022_432.htm

Exhibit 10.22 
 
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT 
 This Consulting Agreement (this " Agreemen t " is entered into effective as of September 30, 2021 (the " Effective Date " ), by and between Christian A. Brickman ("Consultant" and Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (the " Company " (jointly, the " Parties " ): 
 
 ARTICLE 1 
 TERM OF ENGAGEMENT 
 
 The Company hereby engages the services of Consultant, and Consultant hereby accepts this engagement with the Company, for a term (the " Ter m " beginning on the Effective Date and continuing for a period of up to six (6) months unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
 
 ARTICLE 2 
 CONSULTANT'S SERVICES 

2.01 
 
 Skills and Services . 

(a) Consultant is hereby engaged as an independent contractor to provide the services described in Exhibit 1 attached hereto (the " Services " ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Consultant is hereby engaged on an " AS-NEEDED " basis, and the Co m pany shall be under no obligation to provide any minim um amount of work to Consultant. Consultant shall have no authority to and shall not bind or obligate the Company in any manner whatsoever, nor shall Consultant have any authority to make any representations concerning the Company. 
 
 (b) Consultant represents and warrants to the Company that: (i) Consultant has the requisite skills and experience necessary to perform the Services, (ii) all Services will be performed in accordance with industry standards, (iii) all Services shall be in strict accordance with and subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (iv) Consultant will not employ any person the employment of which would violate applicable labor laws, and (v) Consultant is currently under no legal or contractual obligation to any person or entity that would or could restrict the nature, scope or location of the Services to be performed by Consultant for the Company. 
 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt and in the course of discharging Consultant's duties pursuant to this Agreement, Consultant shall be deemed to be a fiduciary to the Company and, accordingly, owe the Company the following duties, among others, as such duties are interpreted under the laws of the State of Texas: (i) the duty of loyalty, (ii) the duty of care, including but not limited to, the duty to act in good faith with the care an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would exercise, (iii) the duty of full and frank disclosure, and (iv) and the duty to avoid self-dealing. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be relying upon Consultant to discharge its duties and obligations in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 (d) Consultant shall determine the way the Services are performed and the hours during which the Services are performed; provided, however, that the Company retains the right to set deadlines by which the Services must be completed and standards to which the Services must be performed. If the Services do not satisfy the standards set by the Company, the Company, in its discretion may require Consultant to repeat or correct the Services at no additional cost to the Company unless such failure to perform is caused by the Company or by causes beyond Consultant's reasonable control such as natural disasters, war, strikes or labor disputes, government orders or other force majeure event. 
 
 2.02 Place of Performance . Consultant shall perform the Services at his home office; provided, however, that Consultant may be asked to travel from time to time in the performance of the Services. 

ARTICLE 3 FEES 
 
 Consultant shall be paid for the Services as provided in Exhibit 2 attached hereto. The Company agrees to reimburse Consultant for automobile, parking, travel, and other expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred in the course of Consultant's providing Services, provided, however, that Consultant shall be responsible for the costs of any equipment (such as computers or other tools needed to perform the Services) that Consultant may continue to use at the conclusion of the Services or on behalf of any other client of Consultant. Consultant shall prepare and submit to the Company on a monthly basis an invoice itemizing Consultant's Services listing the expenses (with appropriate back-up material) for which Consultant seeks reimbursement. If the invoice is in proper order, the Company shall pay said invoice within thirty (30) days of receipt. Consultant agrees that the fees to be paid for the Services are intended to fully compensate Consultant for his investment in equipment and hiring and supervision of any employees he deems necessary to perform the Services. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
 
 Consultant acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, Consultant shall remain subject to the restrictive covenants regarding confidentiality, non-competition, non solicitation and non-disparagement as set forth in Section 6 of that certain Separation Agreement between Consultant and the Company dated August 26, 202 l (the " Separation Agreement " ), whether in connection with the performance of the Services or otherwise. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 
 TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT 
 
 5.01 Termination of Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either the Company or Consultant, with or without cause, by giving five (5) days' prior written notice to the other party at the address shown on the signature page of this Agreement. Unless terminated pursuant to the prior sentence, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on March 31, 2022, or if earlier upon the death or disability of Consultant. 
 
 5.02 Effect Termination on Payment for Services Rendered. In the event of the termination of this Agreement prior to the completion of the Term specified in Article 1 above, Consultant shall be entitled to the accrued fees and reimbursements (as specified in Article 3 above) earned or incurred by him prior to the date of termination of the Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE 6 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 6.01 Notices. Any notices to be given hereunder by either party to the other may be effected either by personal delivery in writing or by mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid with return receipt requested. Mailed notices shall be addressed to the parties at the addresses appearing on the last page of this Agreement, but each party may change his address by written notice in accordance with this paragraph. Notices delivered personally shall be deemed communicated as of actual receipt; mailed notices shall be deemed com m unicated as of five (5) days after mailing. 
 
 6.02 Entire Agreement/Amendment. This Agreement supersedes all negotiations and other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the engagement of Consultant by the Company to perform the Services hereunder, it being understood that, notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the obligations of the Parties pursuant to the Separation Agreement shall remain in effect. This Agreement may not be altered, amended, or modified, nor may any provision hereof or right hereunder be waived except by a written instrument duly executed by the Company and Consultant. 

6.03 Applicable Law and Severability. The Parties agree that the terms of this Agreement are contractual in nature and not merely recitals and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. The Parties further agree that should any part of this Agreement be declared or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under any present or future law, the Parties intend the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining parts shall not be affected thereby, and said illegal, invalid, or unenforceable part shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maxim um extent permitted by applicable law. A facsimile, pdf, or e-mail copy of any Party's signature shall be deemed as legally binding as the original signature. 
 
 6.04 Independent Contractor Relationship. 
 
 6.04.1 Consultant is engaged by this Agreement strictly as an independent contractor, and not as an employee, a partner or joint-venturer or co-owner of the Company, and Consultant shall never, by virtue of this Agreement, have nor claim any right to or ownership in any goodwill or the trade name used by the Company, but shall be paid solely and exclusively as above provided. 
 
 6.04.2 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Separation Agreement, Consultant may perform services for and on behalf of third parties; provided that (i) Consultant does not use any of the Company's information, property, equipment or supplies to perform those services; and (ii) the services for third parties do not create a conflict of interest with the Services performed for the Company or otherwise violate the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 6.04.3 Consultant agrees that (i) the Company is not liable for any acts or omissions of Consultant or Consultant's employees; (ii) Consultant will report all fees paid to Consultant to the appropriate taxing authorities and shall remit to such authorities all taxes and statutory payment required with respect to those fees; and (iii) Consultant is not entitled to actively participate in any of the Company's benefits provided to employees of the Company. 
 
 6.05 Indemnity. Consultant shall indemnify, defend, and hold harm less the Company from and against all claims to which the Company may become subject, related to or arising from (i) Consultant's breach of his obligations under this Agreement, (ii) Consultant's negligence or willful misconduct, or (iii) a breach of Consultant's representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. 
 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 

The Parties have signed this Agreement on the dates written by the signatures below. 
 
 CONSULTANT : 
 
 /s/ Christian A. Brickman Date: 9/30/2021 
 Christian A. Brickman 

THE COMPANY : 
 
 /s/ Scott Sherman Date: 9/30/2021 
 By: Scott Sherman 
 Chief Human Resource Officer 

ATTACHMENTS: 
 Exhibit 1 : Services 
 Exhibit 2 : Compensation 

EXHIBIT 1 
 
 Services 
 
 Consultant shall assist in the orderly transition of Consultant's prior duties with respect to the Company and its affiliates (as such term is defined in the Separation Agreement) to such other officers of the Company and such other persons as shall be determined and designed by the non-management members of the Board of Directors of the Company (the " Independent Board '' ). 

EXHIBIT 2 
 
 Fees 
 
 Consultant shall be eligible to earn total potential consulting pay of up to 500,000 for Consultant's performance of the Services. Such consulting pay shall be provided to Consultant with respect to the six (6) calendar months beginning on October 1, 2021, payable in up to six (6) equal installments of 83,333.33, payable on the 15 th of the month in which the services are performed; provided that the Independent Board may terminate the above-described consulting arrangement in its discretion at any time, at which time no further installment payments shall be payable or provided to Consultant with respect to any full calendar months in which such consulting arrangement is terminated. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 5
 sbh-ex1023_249.htm
 OFFER LETTER TO CEO

sbh-ex1023_249.htm

Exhibit 10.23 
 August 26, 2021 
 Denise Paulonis 
 VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL 
 
 Dear Denise: 
 We are pleased to offer you the position of Chief Executive Officer for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (referred to as "Sally" or "SBH'') at a bi-weekly salary of 42,307.69 1,100,000 annualized). We believe that your background and experience will allow you to excel as Sally's leader. 
 You will participate in our Annual Incentive Plan ("AIP") at a 150 award target level. The AIP is an incentive plan with a targeted award of a stipulated percentage of annual base salary based on the attainment of corporate performance metrics as set forth in the plan. The AIP provides for upside and downside leverage based on the actual attainment of performance metrics. All incentive plans, including the AIP, and their terms are at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee"). You will be eligible to participate in the fiscal year 2022 AIP, which begins on October 1, 2021, your anticipated start date at the company. If you cannot start on October 1, 2021, your participation in the AIP will be on a prorated basis for fiscal year 2022, based upon your first day of employment. 
 In addition, you will be paid a sign-on bon us of 400,000. This bonus will be paid within 30 days of your first day of employment with Sally and is subject to 50 repayment by you to the company if you resign or are terminated for cause within the first year of your employment. For purposes of this paragraph, "cause" is defined as: (i) theft or embezzlement or attempted theft or embezzlement of money or tangible or intangible assets or property of SBH, any SBH affiliate or their employees or business relations; (ii) any act or acts of moral turpitude by you which negatively affects the interest, property, operations, business or reputation of SBH or any SBH affiliate; (iii) violation of a federal, state or local law or regulation which negatively affects the interest, property, operations, business or reputation of SBH or any SBH affiliate; (iv) gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of your services or duties; and/or (v) your failure to reasonably perform any of your assigned duties as requested . 
 You will also be eligible to participate in Sally's 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the ''Plan''). Equity awards granted under the Plan are subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee and are subject to the terms of the Plan and the equity award agreements thereunder. Grants are generally made annually during the first quarter of the fiscal year, but subject to change as determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 For fiscal year 2022, your recommended equity grant target value will be an award with an intrinsic value of 4,250,000. The Compensation Committee determines the amount and mix of equity vehicles comprising equity awards each fiscal year for each participant and can include stock options, time-based restricted stock awards, performance-based restricted stock units or other long-term incentive vehicles as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. 

1 

You will be awarded a sign-on equity award comprised of a time-based restricted stock award with a grant date value of 1,450,000 (based on the closing SSH stock price on the grant date), vesting one-third each year on the first through third anniversaries of the grant date. You will also be awarded non-qualified stock options ("NQSOs") with a grant date intrinsic value of 1,000,000 (based on the closing SBH stock price on the grant date), vesting one-third each year on the first through third anniversaries of the grant date. The exercise price of the NQSOs will equal the fair market value of the shares of SBH stock underlying the NQSOs as of the grant date. The grant date for both will be the first day of your employment. As noted above, the terms of the awards will be governed by the Plan and the equity award agreements thereunder. 
 The Board of Directors has established the SBH Equity Ownership Guidelines for all Section 16 officers. The guidelines are intended to align the financial interests of our executives with those of our shareholders, as well as, demonstrate our focus and commitment to sound corporate governance. You will be provided full details of these guidelines (along with a written copy of the guidelines, as amended November 4, 2020) during your onboarding process. 
 Sally offers a number of attractive benefit plans. You become eligible to participate in group benefit plans on the first of the month following 30 days of service. Group benefit plans include: medical, dental and vision insurance: prescription drug coverage; short term and long-term disability; and basic, supplemental and family life insurance. Paid sick leave and tuition reimbursement will be available to you, as well. In addition, prior to your eligibility to participate in our group health plan. Sally will pay for up to two months of COBRA payments minus the premium you would otherwise pay for like coverage under a Sally plan. You will also have an annual benefit of 600 per year for the reimbursement of a physical exam. Sally does not accrue vacation time for executives, but instead offers a Flexible Time Off Policy for executives allowing you to take the time you need for vacation, holidays, etc. 
 Sally also offers its 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan (the "401(k) Plan'') which you can immediately participate in upon hire. The company match to the 401(k) Plan begins after one year of service and it is contributed each pay period with immediate vesting. In addition Sally may make discretionary profit sharing contributions under the 401(k) Plan, with participation beginning the first of the quarter following one year of service. Some of these benefits require you to elect participation and require an employee contribution. You will be given details during your orientation, and the terms of the plans that govern over this short summary. 
 You will be eligible for relocation assistance under the SBH Executive Relocation Policy, a copy of which is included with this letter (the ''Relocation Policy"). Sally has partnered with American International Relocation Solutions, LLC ("Aires") to assist you in coordinating your relocation. An assigned Aires consultant will reach out to you directly, shortly after your offer has been accepted and processed by Sally. You must use Aires for your relocation in order to be eligible for reimbursement of relocation expenses. Your relocation benefits include, among other things, full coverage of moving your household goods (including special handling and temporary storage of such goods if needed), up to six months of temporary living expenses and assistance toward the sale of your home and closing costs. Sally also expressly approves your selection of Ebby Halliday as your real estate brokerage firm and Classic Wine for your specialty shipping needs. To this end, the terms of the Relocation Policy are intended to govern over this short summary, but Sally will cover the cost of any relocation benefits specified herein that are greater than what is provided for under the Relocation Policy. 
 As a part of Sally's continued compliance with the provisions of the Immigration Reform and Control Act, you are required to complete an I-9 form on your first day of employment. Failure to complete the I-9 with the appropriate required documents within the specified time frame could result in termination of your employment. Please contact me if you have any questions on what constitutes the proper documentation to bring with you on your first day. 
 
 2 
 
 All employment at Sally is on at ''at will" basis, meaning that your employment may be terminated by you or the company at any time and for any reason. As an employee, you will be required to agree to and sign Sally's Workplace Resolution Program and Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims, which requires that both you and the company pursue most legally-available claims arising from your employment with the company in arbitration, rather than in a court of law. 
 We look forward to you joining us as part of the team. I know that you will be an excellent leader of our organization and a key contributor to our continued growth and success. 
 Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions regarding this offer of employment. 

S i n cerely, 
 
 /s/ Robert McMaster 
 
 Robert McMaster 
 Board Chair 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc . 

3 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 sbh-ex211_11.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC.

sbh-ex211_11.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. as of September 30, 2021: 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Arcadia Beauty Labs LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Armstrong McCall Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Armstrong McCall Holdings, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

Armstrong McCall Management, L.C. 
 
 Texas 

Armstrong McCall, L.P. 
 
 Texas 

Beauty Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Beauty Systems Group (Canada), Inc. 
 
 Canada 

Beauty Systems Group LLC 
 
 Virginia 

BSG Canada Holdings Company 
 
 Canada 

Diorama Services Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Gen X Beauty LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Innovations-Successful Salon Services 
 
 California 

Kapperscentrale Bauwens N.V. 
 
 Belgium 

Loxa Beauty LLC 
 
 Indiana 

MHR Limited 
 
 England 

Neka Salon Supply, Inc. 
 
 New Hampshire 

Ogee Limited 
 
 England 

Procare Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Pro-Duo Deutschland GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Pro-Duo France SAS 
 
 France 

Pro-Duo NV 
 
 Belgium 

Pro-Duo Spain SL 
 
 Spain 

Sally Beauty Canada Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Beauty Colombia S.A.S. 
 
 Colombia 

Sally Beauty de Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 
 Puerto Rico 

Sally Beauty International Finance LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Beauty International, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Beauty Military Supply LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Beauty Netherlands BV 
 
 Netherlands 

Sally Beauty Supply BV 
 
 Netherlands 

Sally Beauty Supply LLC 
 
 Virginia 

Sally Capital Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Chile Global Holdings SpA 
 
 Chile 

Sally Chile Holding SpA 
 
 Chile 

Sally Chile Worldwide Holdings SpA 
 
 Chile 

Sally Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sally International Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Investment Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Peru Holdings S.A.C. 
 
 Peru 

Sally Salon Services (Ireland) Ltd 
 
 Ireland 

Sally Salon Services Ltd 
 
 England 

Sally UK Holdings Limited 
 
 England 

Salon Services (Hair and Beauty Supplies) Ltd 
 
 Scotland 

Salon Success International, LLC 
 
 Florida 

Salon Success Limited 
 
 England 

SBCBSG Company de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

SBCEDIS Company de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

SBH Finance B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

SBIFCO Company de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Sinelco France SAS 
 
 France 

Sinelco Group BVBA 
 
 Belgium 

Sinelco International BVBA 
 
 Belgium 

Sinelco Italiana SRL 
 
 Italy 

Vigox BVBA 
 
 Belgium 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22>
 7
 sbh-ex22_16.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS

sbh-ex22_16.htm

Exhibit 22 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 As of September 30, 2021, each of the following subsidiaries of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. is a guarantor of our unsecured 5.625 Senior Notes due 2025. The guarantees are joint and several, and full and unconditional. Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. owns, directly or indirectly, 100 of each guarantor subsidiary. 

Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter 
 
 State of Incorporation or Organization 

Arcadia Beauty Labs LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Armstrong McCall Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Armstrong McCall Holdings, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

Armstrong McCall, L.P. 
 
 Texas 

Armstrong McCall Management, L.C. 
 
 Texas 

Beauty Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Beauty Systems Group LLC 
 
 Virginia 

Diorama Services Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Innovations-Successful Salon Services 
 
 California 

Loxa Beauty LLC 
 
 Indiana 

Neka Salon Supply, Inc. 
 
 New Hampshire 

Procare Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Beauty International Finance LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Beauty Military Supply LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sally Beauty Supply LLC 
 
 Virginia 

Sally Investment Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Salon Success International, LLC 
 
 Florida 

</EX-22>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 sbh-ex231_10.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED ACCOUNTING FIRM

sbh-ex231_10.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-255937) on Form S-3 and registration statements (Nos. 333-142583, 333-138830, 333-164545, and 333-229444) on Form S-8 of our report dated November 19, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 KPMG LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 19, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 sbh-ex311_12.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO

sbh-ex311_12.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Denise Paulonis, certify that: 

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.; 

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 November 19, 2021 

By: 

/s/ Denise Paulonis 

Denise Paulonis 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 sbh-ex312_9.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO

sbh-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marlo M. Cormier, certify that: 

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.; 

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 November 19, 2021 

By: 

/s/ Marlo M. Cormier 

Marlo M. Cormier 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 sbh-ex321_6.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO

sbh-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Denise Paulonis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By: 

/s/ Denise Paulonis 

Denise Paulonis 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 19, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 sbh-ex322_7.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO

sbh-ex322_7.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Marlo M. Cormier, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By: 

/s/ Marlo M. Cormier 

Marlo M. Cormier 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Date: November 19, 2021 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 sbh-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 sbh-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 sbh-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 sbh-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 sbh-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

