<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211124_10-K_edgar_data_50493_0000050493-21-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13633010</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169715</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1478121</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7293757</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1605662</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2855742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000050493-21-000017.hdr.sgml : 20211124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211124161647
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000050493-21-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210925
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INGLES MARKETS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-GROCERY STORES [5411]
		IRS NUMBER:				560846267
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0925

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14706
		FILM NUMBER:		211446923

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 6676
		CITY:			ASHEVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28816
		BUSINESS PHONE:		828-669-2941

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 6676
		CITY:			ASHEVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28816

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000050493-21-000017.txt : 20211124

10-K
 1
 imkt-20210925x10k.htm
 10-K

imkt-20210925x10k 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to . Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Class A Common Stock, 0.05 par value The NASDAQ Global Market LLC 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO x . Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO x . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES x NO . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES x NO NOT APPLICABLE . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer , a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company . See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO . Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Global Select Market 
 As of March 27, 2021, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing sales price of the Class A Common Stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on March 27, 2021, was approximately million. As of November 22, 2021, the registrant had shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding and shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding. 

 1 

Ingles Markets, Incorporated Annual Report on Form 10-K September 25, 2021 Page PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 10 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 12 Item 2. Properties 12 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 13 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 13 Item 6. [Reserved] 15 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 15 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 21 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 22 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 22 Item 9B. Other Information 23 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 23 Item 11. Executive Compensation 24 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 24 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 24 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 24 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 24 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 26 

2 

This Annual Report of Ingles Markets, Incorporated Ingles or the Company contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report, including the statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Business and elsewhere regarding the Company s strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues, projected costs, projections, prospects, plans and objectives of management, are forward - looking statements. The words expect , anticipate , intend , plan , likely , goal , believe , seek , will , may , would , should and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements and the related assumptions are made in good faith and reflect the Company s current judgment regarding the direction of the Company s business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested or described by such forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company s control. Some of these assumptions inevitably will not materialize, and unanticipated events will occur which will affect the Company s results. Some important factors (but not necessarily all factors) that affect the Company s revenues, financial position, growth strategies, profitability and operating results, or that otherwise could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statement, include: business and economic conditions generally in the Company s operating area, including inflation or deflation; the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Company traffic, sales and profitability as many schools, restaurants and other business have operated and continue to operate differently since March 2020; the additional costs incurred by the Company due to the COVID-19 pandemic for additional staff, cleaning and compliance with social distancing guidelines; the level of COVID-19 assistance provided to customers in the Company s market area and its impact on Company sales; Shortages of labor, distribution capacity, and some product outages as the economy recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic; Inflation in food, labor and gasoline caused by pressures of the COVID-19 pandemic recovery; the Company s ability to successfully implement our expansion and operating strategies; pricing pressures and other competitive factors, including online-based procurement of products the Company sells; sudden or significant changes in the availability of gasoline and retail gasoline prices; the maturation of new and expanded stores; general concerns about food safety; the Company s ability to manage technology and data security; the availability and terms of financing; increases in costs, including food, utilities, labor and other goods and services significant to the Company s operations; success or failure in the ownership and development of real estate; changes in the laws and government regulations applicable to the Company; disruptions in the efficient distribution of food products; changes in accounting pronouncements that could impact the Company s reported financial results and compliance with various debt agreements; and other risks and uncertainties, including those described under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report. Consequently, actual events affecting the Company and the impact of such events on the Company s operations may vary significantly from those described in this Annual Report. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are made only as of the date hereof. The Company does not undertake and specifically declines any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of such statements to reflect future events or developments, except to the extent required by applicable law. 

 3 

PART I Item 1. BUSINESS General Ingles Markets, Incorporated, a North Carolina corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries, Ingles, or the Company, we, us or our ), a leading supermarket chain in the southeast United States, operates 198 supermarkets in North Carolina (75), Georgia (65), South Carolina (35), Tennessee (21), Virginia (1) and Alabama (1). The Company remodels, expands and relocates stores in these communities and builds stores in new locations to retain and grow its customer base while retaining a high level of customer service and convenience. Ingles supermarkets offer customers a wide variety of nationally advertised food products, including grocery, meat and dairy products, produce, frozen foods and other perishables, and non-food products. Non-food products include fuel centers, pharmacies, health and beauty care products and general merchandise. The Company also offers quality private label items and locally-sourced items throughout its market areas. The Company believes that customer service and convenience, modern stores and competitive prices on a broad selection of quality merchandise are essential to developing and retaining a loyal customer base. The Company has an ongoing renovation and expansion plan to add stores in its target markets and modernize the appearance and layout of its existing stores. The Company s new and remodeled supermarkets provide an enhanced level of customer convenience in order to accommodate the lifestyle of today s shoppers. Design features of the Company s modern stores focus on selling high-growth, high-margin products including perishable departments featuring local organic and home meal replacement items, in-store pharmacies, on-premises fuel centers, and an expanded selection of food and non-food items. The Company offers on-line ordering of its products for pickup at its stores. Substantially all of the Company s stores are located within 280 miles of its warehouse and distribution facilities, near Asheville, North Carolina. The Company operates 1.65 million square feet of warehouse and distribution facilities. These facilities supply the Company s supermarkets with approximately 60 of the goods the Company sells. The remaining 40 is purchased from third parties and is generally delivered directly to the stores. The close proximity of the Company s purchasing and distribution operations to its stores facilitates the timely distribution of consistently high quality perishable and non-perishable items. To further ensure product quality, the Company also owns and operates a milk processing and packaging plant that supplies approximately 73 of the milk products sold by the Company s supermarkets as well as a variety of organic milk, fruit juices and bottled water products. In addition, the milk processing and packaging plant sells approximately 75 of its products to other retailers, food service distributors and grocery warehouses in 16 states, which provides the Company with an additional source of revenue. The Company owns 163 of its supermarkets, either in free-standing stores or as the anchor tenant in an owned shopping center. The Company also owns 23 undeveloped sites suitable for a free-standing store or development by the Company or a third party. The Company s owned real estate is generally located in the same geographic region as its supermarkets. As of September 25, 2021, Mr. Robert P. Ingle II, our Chairman, owned beneficially (as defined by the Exchange Act) approximately 71 of the combined voting power and 23 of the total number of shares of the Company s outstanding Class A and Class B Common Stock (in each case including stock held by the Company s Investment/Profit Sharing Plan and Trust of which Mr. Ingle II serves as one of the trustees). The Company became publicly traded in September 1987. The Company s Class A Common Stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol IMKTA. The Company s Class B Common Stock is not publicly listed or traded. The Company was incorporated in 1965 under the laws of the State of North Carolina. Its principal mailing address is P.O. Box 6676, Asheville, North Carolina 28816, and its telephone number is 828-669-2941. The Company s website is www.ingles-markets.com . Information on, or accessible through, the Company s website is not a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments and supplements to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on the Company s website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Use of our Website and Social Media to Distribute Material Company Information We use our website as a channel of distribution for important Company information. We routinely post on our website important information, including press releases and financial information, which may be accessed by selecting the Corporate sections of www.ingles-markets.com. We also use our website to expedite public access to time-critical information regarding our Company in advance of or in lieu of distributing a press release or a filing with the SEC disclosing the same information. Therefore, investors should look to the Corporate sections of our website for important and time-critical information. Visitors to our website can also register to receive financial information press releases. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 4 

Business The Company operates one primary business segment, retail grocery. Information about the Company s operations is as follows (for information regarding the Company s industry segments, see Note 11, Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K): Fiscal Year Ended September (dollars in millions) 2021 2020 2019 Revenues from unaffiliated customers: Grocery 1,762.9 1,694.0 1,443.4 Non-foods 1,136.3 1,067.0 936.2 Perishables 1,349.1 1,261.5 1,110.7 Gasoline 583.7 459.6 581.1 Total retail 4,832.0 96.9 4,482.1 97.2 4,071.4 96.9 Other 156.0 3.1 128.5 2.8 130.6 3.1 4,988.0 100.0 4,610.6 100.0 4,202.0 100.0 Income from operations: Retail 327.6 93.6 264.4 94.1 135.4 89.0 Other 22.5 6.4 16.5 5.9 16.8 11.0 350.1 100.0 280.9 100.0 152.2 100.0 Other income, net 2.9 1.7 1.8 Interest expense 24.3 40.5 47.4 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 1.1 7.1 Income before income taxes 327.6 235.0 106.6 
 Other consists of fluid dairy operations and shopping center rentals. The grocery category includes grocery, dairy and frozen foods. The non-foods category includes alcoholic beverages, tobacco, pharmacy, and health/beauty/cosmetic products. The perishables category includes meat, produce, deli and bakery. Supermarket Operations At September 25, 2021, the Company operated 189 supermarkets under the name Ingles, and nine supermarkets under the name Sav-Mor with locations in western North Carolina, western South Carolina, northern Georgia, eastern Tennessee, southwestern Virginia and northeastern Alabama. The Sav-Mor store concept accommodates smaller shopping areas and carries dry groceries, dairy, fresh meat and produce, all of which are displayed in a modern, readily accessible environment. The COVID-19 pandemic which began in March 2020 and has continued throughout fiscal year 2021, impacted supermarket operations, as the Company implemented several enhanced cleaning and social distancing protocols designed to keep our customers and our associates safe. Since March 2020, the Company s stores have operated at an increased level and have experienced occasional product shortages. Recently, an extremely tight labor market has impacted the Company s ability to attract and retain qualified store personnel, but these impacts have not materially affected our operations. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the Company s supermarket operations. Number of Supermarkets Percentage of Total at Fiscal Net Sales for Fiscal Year Ended September Year Ended September 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 North Carolina 75 73 73 41 41 41 South Carolina 35 35 36 19 19 19 Georgia 65 66 66 32 32 32 Tennessee 21 21 21 8 8 8 Virginia 1 1 1 Alabama 1 1 1 198 197 198 100 100 100 
 The Company believes that today s supermarket customers are focused on convenience, quality and value in an attractive store environment. As a result, the Company s shopping experience combines a high level of customer service, convenience-oriented quality product offerings and low overall pricing. The Company s modern stores provide products and services such as home meal replacement items, delicatessens, bakeries, floral departments, greeting cards and broad selections of local organic, beverage and health-related items. At September 25, 2021, the Company operated 111 pharmacies and 107 fuel stations. The Company plans to 

 5 

continue to incorporate these departments in substantially all future new and remodeled stores. The Company trains its associates to provide friendly service and to actively address the needs of customers. These associates reinforce the Company s distinctive service-oriented image. Selected statistics on the Company s supermarket operations are presented below: Fiscal Year Ended September 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Weighted Average Sales Per Store (000 s) (1) 23,926 22,215 20,189 19,674 19,133 Total Square Feet at End of Year (000 s) 11,342 11,256 11,247 11,329 11,173 Average Total Square Feet per Store 57,281 57,138 56,806 56,643 56,146 Average Square Feet of Selling Space per Store (2) 40,097 39,997 39,765 39,650 39,302 Weighted Average Sales per Square Foot of Selling Space (1) (2) 609 568 516 502 494 
 (1) Weighted average sales per store include the effects of increases in square footage due to the opening of replacement stores and the expansion of stores through remodeling during the periods indicated, and gasoline sales. (2) Selling space is estimated to be 70 of total interior store square footage. Merchandising The Company s merchandising strategy is designed to create a comprehensive and satisfying shopping experience that blends value and customer service with variety, quality and convenience. Management believes that this strategy fosters a loyal customer base by establishing a reputation for providing high quality products and a variety of specialty departments. The Company s stores carry broad selections of quality meats, produce and other perishables. The Company offers a wide variety of fresh and non-perishable organic products, including organic milk produced by the Company s fluid dairy plant. The Company s market areas contain numerous providers of quality local products, which is in line with current customer preferences for goods produced where they live. Management believes that customers perceive supermarkets offering a broad array of products and time-saving services as part of a solution to today s lifestyle demands. Accordingly, a principal component of the Company s merchandising strategy is to design stores that enhance the shopping experience. The Company operates fuel stations at 107 of its store locations. A selection of prepared foods and home meal replacements are featured throughout Ingles deli, bakery, produce and meat departments to provide customers with easy meal alternatives that they can eat at home or in the store. Many stores offer daily selections of home meal replacement items, such as rotisserie chicken and pork, international foods, fried chicken and other entrees, sandwiches, pre-packaged salads, sushi, cut fruit and prepared fresh vegetables. The bakery offers an expanded selection of baked goods and self-service selections. Ingles bakes most of its items on site, including bread baked daily, cakes made to order in various sizes, donuts and other pastries. The deli offers salad, chicken wing and olive bars, an expanded offering of cheeses, gourmet items and home meal replacement items. The Company also provides its customers with an expanded selection of frozen food items (including organics) to meet the increasing demands of its customers. The Ingles Curbside offering allows customers to order online any product in the Company s stores. The order is picked by store associates and loaded into the customer s vehicle. This service is currently offered at 46 of the Company s stores, with additional stores expected to be added each month. Ingles intends to continue to increase sales of its private label brands, which typically carry higher margins than comparable branded products. Ingles private labels cover a broad range of products throughout the store, such as milk, bread, organic products, soft drinks and canned goods. In addition to increasing margins, Ingles believes that private label sales help promote customer loyalty and provide a value-priced alternative to national brands. The Company seeks to maintain a reputation for providing friendly service, quality merchandise and customer value and for its commitment to locally-sourced product and community involvement. The Company employs various advertising and promotional strategies to reinforce the quality and value of its products. The Company promotes these attributes using traditional advertising vehicles including radio, television, direct mail and newspapers, as well as electronic and social media. The Ingles Advantage Card is designed to foster customer loyalty by providing information to better understand the Company s customers shopping patterns. The Ingles Advantage Card provides customers with special discounts throughout the Company s stores and fuel stations. Purchasing and Distribution The Company currently supplies approximately 60 of its supermarkets inventory requirements from its modern warehouse and distribution facilities. The Company has 1.65 million square feet of office, warehouse and distribution facilities at its headquarters near Asheville, North Carolina. The Company believes that its warehouse and distribution facilities contain sufficient capacity for the continued expansion of its store base for the foreseeable future. 

 6 

The Company s centrally managed purchasing and distribution operations provide several advantages, including the ability to negotiate and reduce the cost of merchandise, decrease overhead costs and better manage its inventory at both the warehouse and store level. From time to time, the Company engages in advance purchasing on high-turnover inventory items to take advantage of special prices offered by manufacturers for limited periods, or to ensure adequate product supply during tight distribution market conditions. The remaining 40 of the Company s inventory requirements, primarily beverages, gasoline, bread and snack foods, are supplied directly to the Company s supermarkets by local distributors and manufacturers. Goods from the warehouse and distribution facilities and the milk processing and packaging plant are distributed to the Company s stores by a fleet of 179 tractors and 777 trailers that the Company owns, operates and maintains. The Company invests on an ongoing basis in the maintenance, upgrade and replacement of its tractor and trailer fleet. The Company also operates truck servicing and fuel storage facilities at its warehouse and distribution facilities. The Company reduces its overall distribution costs by capitalizing on back-haul opportunities (contracting to transport merchandise on trucks that would otherwise be empty). During fiscal year 2021, the pandemic has caused disruption in the receipt of some products and our distribution system encountered difficulty in getting product to our stores to meet spikes in customer demand. There is currently a nationwide shortage of truck drivers and warehouse workers, which has negatively impacted the Company s distribution operations. We do not know how long these current conditions will persist. The Company receives product recall information from various subscription, government and vendor sources. Upon receipt of recall information, the Company immediately contacts each of its stores to have the recalled product removed from the shelves and disposes of the product as instructed. The Company may also use social media to communicate product recall information to the public. The Company has a policy of refunding and/or replacing any goods returned by customers. The details of this policy are posted inside each of the Company s stores. Store Development, Expansion and Remodeling The Company believes that the appearance and design of its stores are integral components of its customers shopping experience and aims to develop one of the most modern supermarket chains in the industry. The ongoing modernization of the Company s store base involves (i) the construction of new stores with continuously updated designs, and (ii) the replacement, remodeling or expansion of existing stores. The Company s goal is to maintain clean, well-lit stores with attractive architectural and display features that enhance the image of its stores as catering to the changing lifestyle needs of quality-conscious consumers who demand increasingly diverse product offerings. The construction of new stores by independent contractors is closely monitored and controlled by the Company. Recently, the Company has had a greater number of circumstances where an existing store was closed in order to build a new store building on the same site that reflects the Company s current marketing strategies. During fiscal year 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in shortages of some building materials, equipment, and construction labor. As a result, the Company has slowed some of its new store and remodeling plans. We do not know how long these current conditions will persist, but the Company has continued to build/remodel stores albeit at what management believes will be a temporarily slower pace. The Company renovates and remodels stores in order to increase customer traffic and sales, respond to existing customer demand, compete effectively against new stores opened by competitors and support its quality image merchandising strategy. The Company decides to complete a remodel of an existing store based on its evaluation of the competitive landscape of the local marketplace. A remodel or expansion provides the quality of facilities and product offerings identical to that of a new store, capitalizing upon the existing customer base. The Company retains the existing customer base by keeping the store in operation during the entire remodeling process. The Company may elect to relocate, rather than remodel, certain stores where relocation provides a more convenient location for its customers. The following table sets forth, for the fiscal years indicated, the Company s new store development and store remodeling activities and the effect this program has had on the average size of its stores: 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Number of Stores: Opened 2 1 5 2 Closed 1 1 3 4 4 Stores open at end of period 198 197 198 200 199 Size of Stores: Less than 42,000 sq. ft. 46 46 48 49 50 42,000 up to 51,999 sq. ft. 22 22 22 22 22 52,000 up to 61,999 sq. ft. 47 47 47 48 50 At least 62,000 sq. ft. 83 82 81 81 77 Average store size (sq. ft.) 57,281 57,138 56,806 56,643 56,146 
 The Company s ability to open new stores is subject to many factors, including the acquisition of satisfactory sites, as well as zoning limitations and other governmental regulation. In addition, the Company s expansion, remodeling and replacement plans are 

 7 

continually reviewed and are subject to change. See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s capital expenditures. Competition The supermarket industry is highly competitive and characterized by narrow profit margins. The degree of competition the Company s stores encounter varies by location, primarily based on the size of the community in which the store is located and its proximity to other communities. The Company s principal competitors are, in alphabetical order, Aldi, Inc., Bi-Lo, LLC., Earth Fare, Inc, Food City (K-VA-T Food Stores, Inc.), Food Lion (Koninlijke Ahold Delhaize America N.V..), The Fresh Market, Inc., Harris Teeter (owned by The Kroger Co.), The Kroger Co., Lidl (Lidl Stiftung Co. KG), Publix Super Markets, Inc., Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., Target Corporation, Whole Foods Market, and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Increasingly over the last few years, competition for consumers food dollars has intensified due to the addition of, or increase in, food sections by many types of retailers (physical and online) and by restaurants. Supermarket chains generally compete on the basis of location, quality of products, service, price, convenience, product variety, online ordering/delivery capabilities, and store condition. The Company believes its competitive advantages include convenient locations, the quality of service it provides its customers, competitive pricing, product variety, quality and a pleasant shopping environment, which is enhanced by its ongoing modernization program. By concentrating its operations within a relatively small geographic region, the Company is also positioned to more carefully monitor its markets and the needs of its customers within those markets. The Company s senior executives live and work in the Company s operating region, thereby allowing management to quickly identify changes in needs and customer preference. Because of the Company s size, store managers have direct access to senior corporate management and are able to receive quick decisions regarding requested changes in operations. The Company can then move quickly to make adjustments in its business in response to changes in the market and customer needs. The Company s management monitors competitive activity and regularly reviews and periodically adjusts the Company s marketing and business strategies as management deems appropriate in light of existing conditions in the Company s region. The Company s ability to remain competitive in its changing markets will depend in part on its ability to pursue its expansion and renovation programs and its response to remodeling and new store openings by its competitors. Seasonality Sales in the grocery segment of the Company s business are subject to a slight seasonal variance due to holiday related sales and due to sales in areas where seasonal homes are located. Sales are traditionally higher in the Company s first fiscal quarter due to the inclusion of sales related to Thanksgiving and Christmas. The Company s second fiscal quarter traditionally has the lowest sales of the year, unless Easter falls in that quarter. In the third and fourth quarters, sales are affected by the return of customers to seasonal homes in the Company s market area. During fiscal years 2020 and 2021, typical seasonality was disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Beginning in March 2020, the general population began to spend more time at home working remotely and, in some cases, providing more child care and education support from home. Restaurant traffic and non-essential travel have not yet returned to pre-pandemic levels. These factors contributed to increased sales in the Company s supermarkets in excess of typical seasonal factors. We currently expect that, as the pandemic eases over time, traditional seasonal patterns will resume. The Company s fluid dairy operations have a slight seasonal variation to the extent of its sales into the grocery industry. The Company s real estate operations are not subject to seasonal variations. Human Capital At September 25, 2021, the Company had approximately 26,000 associates, of which 93 were supermarket personnel. Approximately 58 of these associates work on a part-time basis. Management considers labor relations to be good. The Company values its associates and believes that associate loyalty and enthusiasm are key elements of its operating performance. The COVID-19 pandemic increased our need for associates to accommodate a higher level of sales, as well as to comply with more rigorous cleaning and social distancing recommendations. The Company has responded by increasing resources devoted to associate recruitment and retention, and by expanding the ways in which it markets itself to prospective associates; however, competition for labor has become more intense, resulting in higher costs to attract and retain associates. Additionally, there is currently a nationwide shortage of truck drivers, warehouse workers and labor in general. The foregoing factors have resulted in a reduction in the number of our associates since the beginning of fiscal 2021, but we have been able to continue operations without material disruption. Recent Occupational Health and Safety Administration OSHA guidelines require that employers with over 100 employees either, by January 2022, have all employees vaccinated or test employees weekly for COVID-19. These guidelines are currently being 

 8 

challenged in the courts. At this time we do not know how or when this dispute will be resolved and what the impact will be on the Company s operations. The Company has various programs to ensure adequate store staffing levels at any given time during the week. Store managers are given tools to assist in scheduling and levels of staffing. We provide flexible scheduling to accommodate the needs of our full and part-time associates, and we also provide incentives for associates based on the achievement of operating and safety goals. The Company has made technology investments to allow efficient remote work environments for associates that do not work in our stores or distribution center. Trademarks and Licenses The Company employs various trademarks and service marks in its business, the most important of which are its own Laura Lynn and Harvest Farms private label trademarks, The Ingles Advantage service mark, and the Ingles service mark. These service marks and the trademarks are federally registered in the United States pursuant to applicable intellectual property laws and are the property of Ingles. The Company believes it has all material licenses and permits necessary to conduct its business. The current expiration dates for significant trade and service marks are as follows: Ingles December 9, 2025; Laura Lynn March 13, 2024; Harvest Farms August 5, 2024; and The Ingles Advantage August 30, 2025. Each registration may be renewed for an additional ten-year term prior to its expiration. The Company intends to file all renewals timely. Each of the Company s trademark license agreements has a one year term which, with respect to one license, is automatically renewed annually, unless the owner of the trademark provides notice of termination prior to the expiration date and, with respect to the other licenses, are renewed periodically by letter from the licensor. Environmental Matters Under applicable environmental laws, the Company may be responsible for remediation of environmental conditions and may be subject to associated liabilities relating to its stores and other buildings and the land on which such stores and other buildings are situated (including responsibility and liability related to its operation of its gas stations and the storage of gasoline in underground storage tanks), regardless of whether the Company leases or owns the stores, other buildings or land in question and regardless of whether such environmental conditions were created by the Company or by a prior owner or tenant. The presence of contamination from hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to properly remediate such contaminated property, may adversely affect the Company s ability to sell or rent such real property or to borrow using such real property as collateral. The Company typically conducts an environmental review prior to acquiring or leasing new stores, other buildings or raw land. Federal, state and local governments could enact laws or regulations concerning environmental matters that affect the Company s operations or facilities or increase the cost of producing or distributing the Company s products. The Company believes that it currently conducts its operations, and in the past has conducted its operations, in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws. The Company, however, cannot predict the environmental liabilities that may result from legislation or regulations adopted in the future, the effect of which could be retroactive. Nor can the Company predict how existing or future laws and regulations will be administered or interpreted or what environmental conditions may be found to exist at its facilities or at other properties where the Company or its predecessors have arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances. The Company strives to employ sound environmental operating policies, including recycling packaging, recycling wooden pallets, and re-circulating some water used in its car washes. The Company offers reusable shopping bags to its customers and will pack groceries in bags brought in by its customers. The Company s store modernization plans include energy efficient lighting and refrigeration equipment. Government Regulation The Company is subject to regulation by a variety of governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, OSHA, and other federal, state and local agencies. The Company s stores are also subject to local laws regarding zoning, land use and the sale of alcoholic beverages. The Company believes that its locations are in material compliance with such laws and regulations. The Company is not aware of any proposed regulations that would materially affect the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a number of public safety requirements enacted at the federal, state and local levels. These requirements included social distancing, masking, hours of operation, and vaccination recommendations. These requirements changed as the impact of COVID-19 changed and vaccines became widely available. The Company believes requirements will continue to change, but cannot predict the nature and timing of any changes. The Company has complied and will continue to comply with current requirements at each of its locations. Recent OSHA guidelines require that employers with over 100 employees either, by January 2022, have all employees vaccinated or test employees weekly for COVID-19. These guidelines are currently being challenged in the courts. At this time we do not know how or when this dispute will be resolved and what the impact will be on the Company s operations. 

 9 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Below is a series of risk factors that may affect the Company s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Other risk factors are contained in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company operates in a continually changing business environment, and new risk factors emerge from time to time. Management cannot predict such new risk factors, nor can it assess the impact, if any, of these risk factors on the Company s business, financial condition and/or results of operations or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may impact any of these areas. Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic Impact We are unable to predict the ongoing impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on Company traffic, sales and profitability. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic was declared a national emergency on March 13, 2020 and the Company was classified as an essential business. Since that time the Company has had to continuously alter certain operating procedures to accommodate isolation/social distancing, school and restaurant closures, reduced leisure travel, and increased remote work. At times, some of the Company s stores were subject to capacity limits, masking requirements, and social distancing measures that incorporated enhanced cleaning, additional protective equipment and the closure of self-service food bars plus in-house dining. During fiscal year 2021, vaccines became widely available and are administered in all our pharmacies. As the economy began to recover, we have experienced labor shortages in our stores and distribution center. Truck driver shortages and supply chain disruptions have resulted in occasional product shortages in our stores. Inflation in food and fuel costs have reached levels not experienced in many years. Our sales continue to be above pre-pandemic levels. At the present time, we do not know how long the pandemic will influence our daily operations. National, state and local mandates related to the pandemic continue to evolve and may result in vaccination requirements that could impact our ability to retain associates. Recent OSHA guidelines require that employers with over 100 employees either, by January 2022, have all employees vaccinated or test employees weekly for COVID-19. These guidelines are currently being challenged in the courts. At this time we do not know how or when this dispute will be resolved and what the impact will be on the Company s operations. Any of the foregoing factors, or other effects of the pandemic that are not currently foreseeable, may materially increase costs, negatively impact sales and adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and its liquidity position Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The Company s warehouse and distribution center and milk processing and packaging plant, as well as all of the Company s stores, are concentrated in the Southeastern United States, which makes it vulnerable to economic downturns, natural disasters and other adverse conditions or other catastrophic events in this region. The Company operates in the Southeastern United States, and its performance is therefore heavily influenced by economic developments in the Southeast region. The Company s headquarters, warehouse and distribution center and milk processing and packaging plant are located in North Carolina and all of the Company s stores are located in the Southeast region. As a result, the Company s business may be more susceptible to regional factors than the operations of more geographically diversified competitors. These factors include, among others, changes in the economy, weather conditions, demographics and population. Various aspects of the Company s business are subject to federal, state and local laws and various operating regulations. The Company s compliance with these regulations may require additional capital expenditures and could adversely affect the Company s ability to conduct the Company s business as planned. The Company is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to zoning, land use, work place safety, public health, community right-to-know, beer and wine sales, country of origin labeling of food products, pharmaceutical sales and gasoline station operations. Furthermore, the Company s business is regulated by a variety of governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and OSHA. Employers are also subject to laws governing their relationship with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions, insurance coverage, disabled access and work permit requirements. Recent and proposed regulation has had or may have a future impact on the cost of insurance benefits for associates and on the cost of processing debit and credit card transactions. Compliance with, or changes in, these laws could reduce the revenue and profitability of the Company s supermarkets and could otherwise adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 10 

The Company is affected by certain operating costs which could increase or fluctuate considerably. The Company depends on qualified associates to operate the Company s stores. A shortage of qualified associates could require the Company to enhance the Company s wage and benefit package in order to better compete for and retain qualified associates, and the Company may not be able to recover these increased labor costs through price increases charged to customers, which could significantly increase the Company s operating costs. The Company is self-insured for workers compensation, general liability and group medical and dental benefits. Risks and uncertainties are associated with self-insurance; however, the Company has limited its exposure by maintaining excess liability coverage. Self-insurance liabilities are established based on claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. The estimates are based on data provided by the respective claims administrators and analyses performed by actuaries engaged by the Company. These estimates can fluctuate if historical trends are not predictive of the future. The majority of the Company s properties are self-insured for casualty losses and business interruption; however, liability coverage is maintained. Energy and utility costs have been volatile in recent years, during which time the Company has expanded its store square footage. The Company attempts to increase its energy efficiency during store construction and remodeling through the use of energy-saving equipment and construction. The Company is subject to risks related to information systems and data security. The Company s business is dependent on information technology systems. These complex systems are an important part of ongoing operations. If the Company were to experience disruption in these systems, did not maintain existing systems properly, or did not implement new systems appropriately, operations could suffer. The Company is currently undergoing a systematic program to enhance its information technology abilities. The Company has implemented procedures to protect its information technology systems and data necessary to conduct ongoing operations. The Company cannot however, be certain that all of these systems and data are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. Compliance with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards, including protection of customer debit and credit card information, may result in higher investments in technology and changes to operational processes. In recent years, more industry transactions have been online for ordering and fulfillment. This trend places a higher reliance on effective and efficient information systems. The Company is affected by the availability and wholesale price of gasoline and retail gasoline prices, all of which can fluctuate quickly and considerably. The Company operates fuel stations at 107 of its store locations. While the Company obtains gasoline and diesel fuel from a number of different suppliers, long-term disruption in the availability and wholesale price of gasoline for resale could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Fluctuating fuel costs could adversely affect the Company s operating costs which depend on fuel for the Company s fleet of tractors and trailers which distribute goods from the Company s distribution facility and for the Company s fluid dairy operations. Furthermore, fluctuating fuel costs could have an adverse effect on the Company s total gasoline sales (both in terms of dollars and gallons sold), the profitability of gasoline sales, and the Company s plans to develop additional fuel centers. Also, retail gas price volatility could diminish customer usage of fueling centers and, thus, adversely affect customer traffic at the Company s stores. The Company s industry is highly competitive. If the Company is unable to compete effectively, the Company s financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. The supermarket industry is highly competitive and continues to be characterized by intense price competition, increasing fragmentation of retail formats, entry of non-traditional competitors (both physical and online) and market consolidation. Furthermore, some of the Company s competitors have greater financial resources and could use these financial resources to take measures, such as altering product mix, reducing prices, home/in-store fulfillment, or online ordering which could adversely affect the Company s competitive position. Disruptions in the efficient distribution of food products to the Company s warehouse and stores may adversely affect the Company s business. The Company s business could be adversely affected by disruptions in the efficient distribution of food products to the Company s warehouse and stores. Such disruptions could be caused by, among other things, adverse weather conditions, fuel availability, shortage of truck drivers, food contamination recalls and civil unrest in foreign countries in which the Company s suppliers do business. 

 11 

The Company s operations are subject to economic conditions that impact consumer spending. The Company s results of operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Future economic conditions such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, energy and fuel costs and tax rates could reduce consumer spending or change consumer purchasing habits. A general reduction in the level of consumer spending or the Company s inability to respond to shifting consumer attitudes regarding products, store location and other factors could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Inflation could impact the Company s operations As the economy recovers from the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation has recently reached levels not experienced in decades. Food and energy costs have increased, reflecting a tight labor market and supply chain/transportation issues. The following table from the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics lists annualized changes in the Consumer Price Index that could have an effect on the Company s operations. One of the Company s significant costs is labor, which increases with general inflation. Inflation or deflation in energy costs affects the Company s gasoline sales, distribution expenses and plastic supply costs. During fiscal year 2021, inflation has reached its highest level in a number of years, impacting food costs, transportation costs, and labor costs. Twelve Months Ended September 25, September 26, 2021 2020 All items 5.4 1.4 Food and beverages 4.6 3.9 Energy 24.8 (7.7) 
 Risk Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The Company s principal stockholder, Robert P. Ingle II, has the ability to elect a majority of the Company s directors, appoint new members of management and approve many actions requiring stockholder approval. Mr. Ingle II s beneficial ownership (as defined by the applicable rules under the Exchange Act) represents approximately 71 of the combined voting power of all classes of the Company s capital stock as of September 25, 2021. As a result, Mr. Ingle II has the power to elect a majority of the Company s directors and approve any action requiring the approval of the holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, including adopting certain amendments to the Company s charter and approving mergers or sales of substantially all of the Company s assets. The Company is a Controlled Company under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. As a result, the Company is exempt from certain of NASDAQ s corporate governance policies, including the requirements that the majority of Directors be independent (as defined in NASDAQ rules), and that the Company have a nominating committee for Director candidates. Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. Item 2. PROPERTIES Owned Properties The Company owns 163 of its supermarkets either as free-standing locations or in shopping centers where it is the anchor tenant. The Company also owns 23 undeveloped sites which are suitable for a free-standing store or shopping center development. The Company owns numerous outparcels and other acreage located adjacent to the shopping centers and supermarkets it owns. Real estate owned by the Company is generally located in the same geographic regions as its supermarkets. The shopping centers owned by the Company contain an aggregate of 8.1 million square feet of leasable space, of which 3.9 million square feet is used by the Company s supermarkets. The remainder of the leasable space in these shopping centers is leased or held for lease by the Company to third-party tenants. A breakdown by size of the shopping centers owned and operated by the Company is as follows: Size Number Less than 50,000 square feet 14 50,000 100,000 square feet 33 More than 100,000 square feet 36 Total 83 

12 

The Company owns a 1,649,000 square foot facility, which is strategically located between Interstate 40 and Highway 70 near Asheville, North Carolina, as well as the 119 acres of land on which it is situated. The facility includes the Company s headquarters and its warehouse and distribution facility. The property also includes truck servicing and fuel storage facilities. The Company also owns a 139,000 square foot warehouse on 21 acres of land approximately one mile from its main warehouse and distribution facility. The Company s milk processing and packaging subsidiary, Milkco, Inc., owns a 140,000 square foot manufacturing and storage facility in Asheville, North Carolina. In addition to the plant, the 20-acre property includes truck cleaning and fuel storage facilities. Certain long-term debt of the Company is secured by the owned properties. See Note 7, Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. Leased Properties The Company operates supermarkets at 35 locations leased from various unaffiliated third parties. The Company has seven owned store buildings that are on ground leases. The Company leases two other former supermarket locations, one of which is subleased to a third party. The majority of these leases require the Company to pay property taxes, utilities, insurance, repairs and certain other expenses incidental to occupation of the premises. In addition to base rent, most leases contain provisions that require the Company to pay additional percentage rent (ranging from 0.75 to 1.50 if sales exceed a specified amount. Rental rates generally range from 3.09 to 7.68 per square foot. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company paid cash supermarket rent of 10.3 million, 10.2 million and 10.3 million, respectively. These amounts exclude property taxes, utilities, insurance, repairs, other expenses, and non-cash rent adjustments. The following table summarizes lease expiration dates as of September 25, 2021, with respect to the initial and any renewal option terms of leased supermarkets properties: Year of Expiration Number of (Including Renewal Terms) Leases Expiring 2021-2032 5 2033-2047 1 2048 or after 31 
 Management believes that the long-term rent stability provided by these leases is a valuable asset of the Company. Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business are pending against the Company. In the opinion of management, the ultimate liability, if any, from all pending legal proceedings and claims would not materially affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. PART II Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information The Company has two classes of Common Stock: Class A and Class B. Class A Common Stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol IMKTA . There is no public market for the Company s Class B Common Stock. Under the terms of the Company s Articles of Incorporation, a holder of Class B Common Stock may convert any or all of the holder s shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock at any time. For additional information regarding the voting powers, preferences and relative rights of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, please see Note 8, Stockholders Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of November 22, 2021, there were approximately 356 holders of record of the Company s Class A Common Stock and 106 holders of record of the Company s Class B Common Stock. Dividends The Company has paid cash dividends on its Common Stock in each of the past 37 fiscal years, except for the 1984 fiscal year when the Company paid a 3 stock dividend. During both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company paid annual dividends totaling 0.66 per share of Class A Common Stock and 0.60 per share of Class B Common Stock, paid in quarterly installments of 0.165 and 0.15 per share, respectively. The Company s last dividend payment was made on October 14, 2021 to common stockholders of record on October 7, 2021. For additional information regarding the dividend rights of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, please see Note 8, Stockholders Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 13 

The Company expects to continue paying regular cash dividends on a quarterly basis. However, the Board of Directors periodically reconsiders the declaration of dividends. The Company pays these dividends at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The continuation of these payments, the amount of such dividends, and the form in which the dividends are paid (cash or stock) depends upon the results of operations, the financial condition of the Company and other factors which the Board of Directors deems relevant. The payment of cash dividends is also subject to restrictions contained in certain financing arrangements. Such restrictions are summarized in Note 7, Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Stock Performance Graph Set forth below are a graph and accompanying table comparing the five-year cumulative total stockholder return on the Class A Common Stock with the five-year cumulative total return of (i) the S P 500 Comprehensive-Last Trading Day Index and (ii) a peer group of companies in the Company s line of business. The 2021 peer group consists of the following companies: Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V., Weis Markets, Inc., The Kroger Co., Supervalu Inc., SpartanNash Co., Sprouts Farmers Markets, Inc., and Village Super Market, Inc. The comparisons cover the five-years ended September 25, 2021 and assume that 100 was invested after the close of the market on September 24, 2016, and that dividends were reinvested quarterly. Returns of the companies included in the peer group reflected below have been weighted according to each company s stock market capitalization at the beginning of each section for which a return is presented. INGLES MARKETS, INCORPORATED COMPARATIVE RETURN TO STOCKHOLDERS 

 14 

INDEXED RETURNS OF INITIAL 100 INVESTMENT Company/Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Ingles Markets, Incorporated Class A Common Stock 67.70 92.21 106.86 102.04 185.66 S P 500 Comprehensive Last Trading Day Index 118.61 139.85 145.80 167.89 218.27 2021 Peer Group 75.36 101.25 101.83 130.68 154.60 
 Assumes 100 invested in the Class A Common Stock of Ingles Markets, Incorporated after the close of the market on September 24, 2016. The foregoing stock performance information, including the graph, shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview Ingles, a leading supermarket chain in the Southeast United States, operates 198 supermarkets in North Carolina (75), Georgia (65), South Carolina (35), Tennessee (21), Virginia (1) and Alabama (1). The Company locates its supermarkets primarily in suburban areas, small towns and neighborhood shopping centers. Ingles supermarkets offer customers a wide variety of nationally advertised food products, including grocery, meat and dairy products, produce, frozen foods and other perishables and non-food products. Non-food products include fuel centers, pharmacies, health and beauty care products and general merchandise. The Company offers quality private label items in most of its departments. In addition, the Company focuses on selling high-growth, high-margin products to its customers through the development of certified organic products, bakery departments and prepared foods including delicatessen sections. As of September 25, 2021, the Company operated 111 in-store pharmacies and 107 fuel centers. Ingles also operates a fluid dairy and earns shopping center rentals. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that management believes are important to the presentation of Ingles financial condition and results of operations, and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to estimate the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates are based on historical experience and other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management estimates, by their nature, involve judgments regarding future uncertainties, and actual results may therefore differ materially from these estimates. Self-Insurance The Company is self-insured for workers compensation, general liability, and group medical and dental benefits. Risks and uncertainties are associated with self-insurance; however, the Company has limited its exposure by maintaining excess liability coverage of 1,000,000 per occurrence for workers compensation and for general liability, and 450,000 per covered person for medical care benefits for a policy year. Self-insurance liabilities are established based on claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. The estimates are based on data provided by the respective claims administrators which is then applied to appropriate actuarial methods. These estimates can fluctuate if historical trends are not predictive of the future. The majority of the Company s properties are self-insured for casualty losses and business interruption; however, liability coverage is maintained. The Company s self-insurance reserves totaled 32.1 million and 34.1 million for employee group insurance, workers compensation insurance and general liability insurance at September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively. These amounts are inclusive of expected recoveries from excess cost insurance or other sources that are recorded as receivables of 4.2 million at September 25, 2021 and 4.7 million at September 26, 2020. Asset Impairments The Company accounts for the impairment of long-lived assets in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification FASB ASC Topic 360. Asset groups are primarily comprised of our individual store and shopping center properties. For assets to be held and used, the Company tests for impairment using undiscounted cash flows and calculates the amount of impairment using discounted cash flows. For assets held for sale, impairment is recognized based on the excess of remaining book value over expected recovery value. The recovery value is the fair value as determined by independent quotes or expected sales prices developed by internal associates, net of costs to sell. Estimates of future cash flows and expected sales prices are judgments based upon the Company s experience and knowledge of local operations and cash flows that are projected for several years into the future. These estimates can fluctuate significantly due to changes in real estate market conditions, the economic environment, capital 

 15 

spending decisions and inflation. The Company monitors the carrying value of long-lived assets for potential impairment each quarter based on whether any indicators of impairment have occurred. Vendor Allowances The Company receives funds for a variety of merchandising activities from the many vendors whose products the Company buys for resale in its stores. These incentives and allowances are primarily composed of volume or purchase based incentives, advertising allowances, slotting fees, and promotional discounts. The purpose of these incentives and allowances is generally to help defray the costs incurred by the Company for stocking, advertising, promoting and selling the applicable vendor s products. These allowances generally relate to short term arrangements with vendors, often relating to a period of one month or less and are negotiated on a purchase-by-purchase or transaction-by-transaction basis. Whenever practical, vendor discounts and allowances that relate to buying and merchandising activities are recorded as a reduction of item cost in inventory and recognized in merchandise costs when the item is sold. Due to the use of the retail method for store inventory and the nature of certain allowances, it is sometimes not practicable to apply allowances to the item cost of inventory. In those instances, the allowances are applied as a reduction of merchandise costs using a rational and systematic methodology, which results in the recognition of these incentives when the inventory related to the vendor consideration received is sold. Vendor allowances applied as a reduction of merchandise costs totaled 116.3 million, 107.5 million and 111.7 million for the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019, respectively. Vendor advertising allowances that represent a reimbursement of specific identifiable incremental costs of advertising the vendor s specific products are recorded as a reduction to the related expense in the period that the related expense is incurred. Vendor advertising allowances recorded as a reduction of advertising expense totaled 8.1 million, 8.0 million, and 13.8 million for the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019, respectively. During fiscal years 2021 and 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic increased the Company s sales. As a result, vendors offered the Company a lower level of incentives to sell their products. If vendor advertising allowances were substantially reduced or eliminated, the Company would likely consider other methods of advertising as well as the volume and frequency of the Company s product advertising, which could increase or decrease the Company s expenditures. Similarly, the Company is not able to assess the impact of vendor advertising allowances on creating additional revenue, as such allowances do not directly generate revenue for the Company s stores. Results of Operations Fiscal Year Ingles operates on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in September. The consolidated statements of income for the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019, each consisted of 52 weeks of operations. Comparable Store Sales Comparable store sales are defined as sales by grocery stores in operation for five full fiscal quarters. The Company has an ongoing renovation and expansion plan to modernize the appearance and layout of its existing stores. Sales from replacement stores, major remodels and the addition of fuel stations to existing stores are included in the comparable store sales calculation from the date of completion of the replacement, remodel or addition. A replacement store is a newly opened store that replaces an existing nearby store that is closed. A major remodel entails substantial remodeling of an existing store and may include additional retail square footage. For both the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020 comparable store sales included 196 stores. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, selected financial information as a percentage of net sales. Fiscal Year Ended September 2021 2020 2019 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 Gross profit 26.1 26.0 24.3 Operating and administrative expenses 19.3 20.0 20.8 Gain from sale or disposal of assets 0.2 0.1 0.1 Income from operations 7.0 6.1 3.6 Other income, net 0.1 0.1 Interest expense 0.5 0.9 1.1 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 0.2 Income before income taxes 6.6 5.1 2.5 Income tax expense 1.6 1.2 0.6 Net income 5.0 3.9 1.9 

16 

Fiscal Year Ended September 25, 2021 Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended September 26, 2020 The Company s fiscal year 2021 performance was heavily influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic, which was declared a national emergency on March 13, 2020. Various stay-at-home measures were enacted, most schools closed to in-person learning, and restaurant dining was severely restricted. Many of these measures, though relaxed, have remained in place during the fall of 2021 and resulted in higher retail grocery sales throughout the United States. Net income for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 was 249.7 million, compared with net income of 178.6 million for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020, primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as more persons relied upon their local grocery stores for food and non-food products given travel restrictions and limited options for dining out. Net income as a percentage of sales was 5.0 for fiscal year 2021 compared with 3.9 for fiscal year 2020. Sales and gross margin increased in the retail segment, including increases in gasoline gross profit. Expenses increased primarily as a result of pandemic-related increases in staffing levels, sanitation expenses and social distancing measures. Fluid dairy income increased over the comparable fiscal year, and real estate income increased as tenants reopened their business after the early part of the pandemic. Net Sales . Net sales for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 totaled 4.99 billion, compared with 4.61 billion for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. Retail comparable sales excluding gasoline increased 5.4 during fiscal 2021 compared with 2020. The number of transactions (excluding gasoline) increased 0.7 while the average transaction size (excluding gasoline) increased by 4.8 . Comparing fiscal 2021 with 2020, gasoline gallons sold increased 5.7 and per gallon gasoline prices increased 20.3 . Sales by product category for the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020 were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended September (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 Grocery 1,762,872 1,693,961 Non-foods 1,136,250 1,066,939 Perishables 1,349,081 1,261,537 Gasoline 583,749 459,639 Total retail grocery 4,831,952 4,482,076 
 The grocery category includes grocery, dairy and frozen foods. The non-foods category includes alcoholic beverages, tobacco, pharmacy, and health/beauty/cosmetic products. The perishables category includes meat, produce, deli and bakery. Changes in retail grocery sales for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 are summarized as follows (in thousands): Total grocery sales for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020 4,482,076 Comparable store sales increase 334,236 Impact of stores closed in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 (1,398) Sales growth stores opened fiscal years 2021 and 2020 15,865 Other 1,173 Total retail grocery sales for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 4,831,952 
 Sales began to increase during fiscal year 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as stay at home orders closed schools, limited restaurant options, and increased at-home meal preparation. Even with the availability of vaccines and loosening of restrictions in fiscal year 2021, sales continued to increase. Restaurant traffic, leisure travel, and school attendance have not returned to pre-pandemic levels, and people have continued to be cautious to limit possible exposure to COVID-19. In addition, during fiscal year 2021, inflation has increased top-line sales, including sharp increases in the cost of gasoline. Increased sales were also from new and replacement stores, the introduction of new products and product presentation, especially in higher margin products, effective promotions and cost competitiveness. We continue to improve our use of data gained from The Ingles Advantage Savings and Rewards Card (the Ingles Advantage Card to increase net sales and comparable store sales through enhanced loyalty programs and special offers. Information obtained from holders of the Ingles Advantage Card also assists the Company in optimizing product offerings and promotions specific to customer shopping patterns. Sales in the 2022 fiscal year compared with fiscal year 2021 will in large part depend upon the duration of the COVID-19 impact on our market area, as well as the impact of inflation on food and gasoline prices. The Company anticipates adding new stores in fiscal year 2022, expects to continue remodeling a significant number of existing stores, and plans to add more fuel stations and pharmacies. Gross Profit. Gross profit for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 increased 105.2 million, or 8.8 , to 1.30 billion compared with 1.20 billion for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. As a percentage of sales, gross profit totaled 26.1 for the fiscal year 

 17 

ended September 25, 2021 and 26.0 for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. Gasoline gross profit increased 6.5 million for fiscal year 2021 compared with 2020. Grocery segment gross profit as a percentage of total sales (excluding gasoline) increased 66 basis points in fiscal year 2021 compared with fiscal year 2020. The gross margin increase was primarily due to COVID-19 market factors that impacted prices and mix of products sold. In general, product cost inflation was incorporated into higher sales prices. In addition to the direct product cost, the cost of goods sold line item for the grocery segment includes inbound freight charges and the costs related to the Company s distribution network. Operating and Administrative Expenses. Operating and administrative expenses increased 41.6 million, or 4.5 , to 963.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021, from 921.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. As a percentage of sales, operating and administrative expenses were 19.3 and 20.0 for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding gasoline, which does not have significant direct operating expenses, the ratio of operating expenses to sales was 21.7 for fiscal year 2021 compared with 22.0 for fiscal year 2020. Fiscal year 2021 sales growth resulted in operating expense leverage. A breakdown of the major increases and (decreases) in operating and administrative expenses is as follows. Increase Increase (decrease) (decrease) as a of (in millions) sales Salaries and wages 12.8 0.26 Professional fees 5.5 0.11 Bank charges 5.4 0.11 Store supplies 4.9 0.10 Repairs and maintenance 4.2 0.08 
 Salaries and wages increased due to the addition of labor hours required for the increased sales volume, pandemic-related additional cleaning and sanitizing, and changes to the sales mix to product categories with a higher labor component. In general, the labor market in the Company s market area has become more competitive. Professional fees increased in conjunction with improvements to the Company s information technology platforms. Bank charges increased due to increased sales and a greater portion of sales settled with credit/debit cards instead of cash or check. Store supplies increased as a result of increased sales and market costs of certain supplies. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in higher usage of cleaning and packaging products to maintain product safety. Repairs and maintenance increased due to additional safety and sanitation equipment necessitated by COVID-19, a higher level of maintenance required on more sophisticated equipment, and updated lighting in our stores. Gain from Sale or Disposal of Assets. Gains on sale or disposal of assets totaled 10.0 million for fiscal year 2021 and 4.4 million for fiscal year 2020. During fiscal year 2021, the Company recognized 9.3 million from the sales of two former store properties. During the fiscal year 2020, the Company recognized 3.5 million from the sales of land. There were no other significant sale/disposal transactions in either fiscal year 2021 or 2020. Other Income, Net. Other income, net totaled 2.9 million and 1.7 million for the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively. Other income consists primarily of sales of waste paper and packaging. The market cost for each of these increased during fiscal year 2021. Interest Expense . Interest expense totaled 24.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 and 40.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. Total debt was 589.5 million at the end of fiscal year 2021 compared with 605.5 million at the end of fiscal year 2020. During fiscal year 2021, the Company redeemed 295 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75 Senior Notes, representing 100 of the aggregate principal amount such notes, using a portion of the proceeds from its issuance of the 2031 Notes (as defined below), which have an interest rate of 4.00 , and additionally used a portion of the proceeds of the 2031 notes to repay other debt. Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt. Losses on early extinguishment of debt totaled 1.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 and 7.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. In June 2021, the Company issued at par 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00 senior notes due in 2031 (the 2031 Notes ). Upon issuance of the 2031 Notes, the Company issued an irrevocable notice to redeem the remaining 295.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 5.75 senior notes due in 2023 (the 2023 Notes ). The Company wrote off 1.1 million of capitalized loan costs related to this transaction. 

 18 

During fiscal year 2020, the Company refinanced or repaid early 405 million of the 2023 notes, incurring debt extinguishment costs totaling 7.1 million. Income Taxes. Income tax expense totaled 77.9 million for fiscal year 2021, an effective tax rate of 23.8 . This compares with an income tax expense totaling 56.4 million and an effective tax rate of 24.0 for fiscal year 2020. Net Income. Net income totaled 249.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 compared with net income of 178.6 million for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. Basic and diluted earnings per share for Class A Common Stock were 13.06 and 12.73, respectively, for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 compared with 9.06 and 8.82, respectively, for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. Basic and diluted earnings per share for Class B Common Stock were each 11.87 for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 compared with 8.24 of basic and diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020. Fiscal Year Ended September 26, 2020 Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended September 28, 2019 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Ingles Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 26, 2020, filed with the SEC on December 8, 2020, as amended on December 10, 2020, for a discussion of the year ended September 26, 2020 as compared to September 28, 2019. Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Expenditures The Company believes that a key to its ability to continue to increase sales and develop a loyal customer base is providing conveniently located, clean and modern stores which provide customers with good service and an increasingly diverse selection of competitively priced products. As such, the Company has invested and plans to continue to invest significant amounts of capital toward the modernization of its store base. The Company s modernization program includes the opening of new stores, the completion of major remodels and expansion of selected existing stores, and the relocation of selected existing stores to larger, more convenient locations. Capital expenditures totaled 140.6 million and 122.8 million for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Major capital expenditures included the following: 2021 2020 New stores 2 0 Store sites/land parcels purchased 6 2 New fuel stations added 2 2 
 Capital expenditures include upgrading and replacing store equipment, technology investments, those related to the Company s distribution operation and its milk processing plant, and expenditures for stores to open in subsequent fiscal years. Ingles capital expenditure plans for fiscal year 2022 include investments of approximately 120 to 160 million. At this time, the Company does not anticipate that the COVID-19 pandemic will have a long-term adverse impact on its capital expenditure plans, even though there is currently a shortage of some construction materials and labor. The Company currently plans to dedicate the majority of its fiscal 2022 capital expenditures to continued improvement of its store base including the construction of one or more new/remodeled stores. Additionally, the Company s planned fiscal year 2022 capital expenditures include investments in stores expected to open in fiscal year 2023, as well as technology improvements, upgrading and replacing existing store equipment and warehouse and transportation equipment and improvements to the Company s milk processing plant. The Company also plans to consider property acquisitions for future store development. The Company currently expects that its net annual capital expenditures will be in the range of approximately 100 to 160 million going forward in order to maintain a modern store base. Among other things, planned expenditures for any given future fiscal year will be affected by the availability of financing, which can affect both the number of projects pursued at any given time and the cost of those projects. The number of projects may also fluctuate due to the varying costs of the types of projects pursued including new stores, major store remodels/expansions, and build-out of tenant space under the long-term leases. The Company makes decisions on the allocation of capital expenditure dollars based on many factors including the competitive environment, other Company capital initiatives and its financial condition. In general, the Company finances its capital expenditures to the extent possible from cash on hand and cash flow from operations. Additional financing sources for capital expenditures include borrowings under the Company s 150 million of committed line of credit (described below), other borrowings that could be collateralized by unencumbered real property and equipment with a net book value of approximately 1.1 billion, and the public debt or equity markets. The Company has used each of these to finance past capital expenditures and expects to have them available in the future. The Company does not generally enter into commitments for capital expenditures other than on a store-by-store basis at the time it begins construction on a new store or begins a major or minor remodeling project. Construction commitments at September 25, 2021 

 19 

totaled 0.1 million. This amount is less than prior years, as the Company has temporarily slowed its real estate construction due to shortages of certain construction materials and labor. Liquidity The Company generated 306.3 million of cash from operations in fiscal 2021 compared with 350.1 million for fiscal year 2020. Net income was higher in fiscal year 2021 compared with fiscal 2020, but more funds were utilized in working capital during fiscal year 2021. Cash used by investing activities for fiscal year 2021 totaled 128.0 million compared with 117.4 million for fiscal year 2020. The Company s most significant investing activity is capital expenditures, which increased in fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020, which was offset by increased property sales in fiscal year 2021. The Company s cash used by net financing activities totaled 114.9 million and 268.0 million for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. More debt was paid down in fiscal 2020 compared with fiscal year 2021. In fiscal year 2021 there were 80.0 million of stock repurchases compared with none in fiscal year 2020. In June 2021, the Company issued 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes. The 2031 Notes bear an interest rate of 4.00 per annum and were issued at par. Upon issuance of the 2031 Notes, the Company issued an irrevocable notice to redeem the remaining 295.0 million principal amount outstanding of 5.75 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes were redeemed at par value on July 16, 2021. During fiscal year 2020, the Company refinanced or repaid early 405 million of the 2023 notes, incurring debt extinguishment costs totaling 7.1 million. The Company has a 150.0 million unsecured senior line of credit (the Line that matures in June 2026. The Line provides the Company with various interest rate options based on the prime rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or the London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR ). The Line allows the Company to issue up to 10.0 million in letters of credit, of which none were issued at September 25, 2021. The Company is not required to maintain compensating balances in connection with the Line. At September 25, 2021, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Line. In December 2010, the Company completed the funding of 99.7 million of Recovery Zone Facility Bonds (the Bonds for construction and equipping of an approximately 830,000 square foot new warehouse and distribution center located in Buncombe County, North Carolina (the Project ). The final maturity date of the Bonds is January 1, 2036. Under a Continuing Covenant and Collateral Agency Agreement (the Covenant Agreement between certain financial institutions and the Company, such financial institutions hold the Bonds until September 2026, subject to certain events. Mandatory redemption of the Bonds by the Company in the annual amount of 4,530,000 began on January 1, 2014. The Company may redeem the Bonds without penalty or premium at any time prior to September 2026. The Company has an interest rate swap agreement for a current notional amount of 36.5 million at a fixed rate of 3.92 . Under this agreement, the Company pays monthly the fixed rate of 3.92 and receives the one-month LIBOR plus 1.65 . The interest rate swap effectively hedges floating rate debt in the same amount as the current notional amount of the interest rate swap. Both the floating rate debt and the interest rate swap have monthly principal amortization of 0.5 million and mature October 1, 2027. The Company has an interest rate swap agreement for a current notional amount of 140.1 million at a fixed rate of 2.95 . Under this agreement, the Company pays monthly the fixed rate of 2.95 and receives the one-month LIBOR plus 1.50 . The interest rate swap effectively hedges floating rate debt in the same amount as the current notional amount of the interest swap. Both the floating rate debt and the interest rate swap have monthly principal amortization of 0.65 million and mature in fiscal year 2030. The fair market value of the interest rate swaps is measured quarterly with adjustments recorded in other comprehensive income. The Company s long-term debt agreements generally have cross-default provisions which could result in the acceleration of payments due under the Company s Line, Bonds and 2031 Notes indenture in the event of default under any one instrument. The Bonds and the Line contain provisions that under certain circumstances would permit lending institutions to terminate or withdraw their respective extensions of credit to the Company. Included among the triggering factors permitting the termination or withdrawal of the Bonds and the Line to the Company are certain events of default, including both monetary and non-monetary defaults, the initiation of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, and the failure of the Company to meet certain financial covenants designated in its respective loan documents. As of September 25, 2021, the Company was in compliance with these covenants by a significant margin. Under the most restrictive of these covenants, the Company would be able to incur approximately 1.95 billion of additional borrowings (including borrowings under the Line) as of September 25, 2021. The Company s principal sources of liquidity are expected to be cash flow from operations, borrowings under the Line and long-term debt financing. The Company believes, based on its current results of operations and financial condition, that its financial resources, 

 20 

including cash balances, the existing Line, short- and long-term financing expected to be available to it and internally generated funds, will be sufficient to meet planned capital expenditures and working capital requirements for the foreseeable future, including any debt service requirements of additional borrowings. However, there can be no assurance that any such sources of financing will be available to the Company on acceptable terms, or at all. It is possible that, in the future, the Company s results of operations and financial condition will be different from that described in this report based on a number of intangible factors. These factors may include, among others, resolution of the COVID-19 pandemic, increased competition, changing regional and national economic conditions, adverse climatic conditions affecting food production and delivery and changing demographics as well as the additional factors discussed above and elsewhere under Item 1A. Risk Factors. It is also possible, for such reasons, that the results of operations from the new, expanded, remodeled and/or replacement stores will not meet or exceed the results of operations from existing stores that are described in this report. Quarterly Cash Dividends Since December 27, 1993, the Company has paid regular quarterly cash dividends of 0.165 per share on its Class A Common Stock and 0.15 per share on its Class B Common Stock for an annual rate of 0.66 and 0.60 per share, respectively. The Company expects to continue paying regular cash dividends on a quarterly basis. However, the Board of Directors periodically reconsiders the declaration of dividends. The Company pays these dividends at the discretion of the Board of Directors and the continuation of these payments, the amount of such dividends, and the form in which the dividends are paid (cash or stock) depends upon the results of operations, the financial condition of the Company and other factors which the Board of Directors deems relevant. Certain of the Company s long-term debt agreements contain various restrictive covenants requiring, among other things, minimum levels of net worth and maintenance of certain financial ratios. These covenants have the effect of restricting certain types of transactions, including the payment of cash dividends generally and in excess of current quarterly per share amounts. New Accounting Pronouncements For new accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Outlook and Trends in the Company s Markets The COVID-19 pandemic that began in March 2020 has had a significant impact on the Company s markets for fiscal years 2020 and 2021. We do not know how long and to what extent COVID-19 will impact our markets in fiscal year 2022. The Company has improved the interior layout and product offerings in a significant number of stores over the past few fiscal years. Economic conditions have remained favorable and the Company continues to increase and improve its total retail square footage. The Company continually assesses and modifies its business model to meet the changing needs and expectations of its customers. In connection with this review, the Company assesses the trends present in the markets in which it competes. Generally, it is difficult to predict whether a trend will continue for a period of time and it is possible that new trends will develop which will affect an existing trend. The Company believes that the following trends are likely to continue for at least the next fiscal year: The supermarket industry will remain highly competitive and will be characterized by industry consolidation, fragmented food retail platforms, and continued competition from super centers and other non-supermarket operators. Traditional supermarket products will be acquired by customers in new and diverse ways, including online ordering, home delivery and pre-picked for customer pickup. Economic conditions will continue to affect customer behavior. Economic conditions may affect purchasing patterns with regard to meal replacement items, private label purchases, promotions and product variety. The Company and its customers will continue to become more environmentally aware, evidenced by the Company s increased recycled waste paper and pallets and customers increased usage of reusable shopping bags. Volatile petroleum costs will impact utility and distribution costs, plastic supplies cost and may change customer shopping and dining behavior. Retail gasoline costs and retail prices will continue to be volatile, affecting the Company s gasoline sales and gross margin. The Company plans to continue to focus on balancing sales growth and gross margin maintenance (excluding the effect of gasoline sales) and will carefully monitor its product mix and customer trends. Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS The Company is exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of its borrowing activities, which include borrowings under the Line, real estate and equipment financing, and the Recovery Zone bonds. The Line, along with cash flow from operations, is used 

 21 

to maintain liquidity and fund business operations. The 2031 Notes bear a fixed rate of interest and do not expose us to interest rate risk. The nature and amount of the Company s debt may vary as a result of future business requirements, market conditions and other factors. The definitive extent of the Company s interest rate risk is not quantifiable or predictable because of the variability of future interest rates and business financing requirements, but the Company does not believe such risk is material. The table below presents principal amounts and related weighted average rates by year of maturity for the Company s debt obligations at September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively (in thousands): September 25, 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Fair Value Line of credit Average variable interest rate Long-term debt, variable interest rate (1)(2) 13,750 13,750 13,750 13,750 13,750 109,833 178,583 178,583 Average year-end interest rate (1)(2) 1.65 1.65 1.65 1.65 1.65 1.59 1.62 Long-term debt, fixed interest rate 88 91 95 4,002 4,276 4,184 Average interest rate 4.40 4.40 4.40 4.40 4.40 Recovery Zone Bonds, variable interest rate 4,530 4,530 4,530 4,530 4,530 40,850 63,500 63,500 Average year-end interest rate 1.58 1.58 1.58 1.58 1.58 1.58 1.58 Senior Notes, fixed interest rate 350,000 350,000 358,750 Average interest rate 4.00 4.00 September 26, 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Thereafter Total Fair Value Line of credit 38,884 38,884 38,884 Average variable interest rate 3.75 3.75 Long-term debt, variable interest rate (1) 15,590 15,671 15,755 15,842 15,935 128,045 206,838 206,838 Average year-end interest rate (1) 1.75 1.76 1.76 1.76 1.76 1.68 1.71 Long-term debt, fixed interest rate Average interest rate Recovery Zone Bonds, variable interest rate 4,530 4,530 4,530 4,530 4,530 45,380 68,030 68,030 Average year-end interest rate 1.64 1.64 1.64 1.64 1.64 1.64 1.64 Senior Notes, fixed interest rate 295,000 295,000 297,950 Average interest rate 5.75 5.75 
 (1) Excludes interest rate swap that fixes at 3.92 the interest rate on 36.5 million of variable interest rate debt. (2) Excludes interest rate swap that fixes at 2.95 the interest rate on 140.1 million of variable interest rate debt. The Company will occasionally utilize financial or derivative instruments for interest rate risk management, but has typically not utilized highly leveraged financial instruments. On the basis of the fair value of the Company s market sensitive instruments at September 25, 2021, the Company does not consider the potential near-term losses in future earnings, fair values and cash flows from reasonably possible near-term changes in interest rates and exchange rates to be material. Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Company s financial statements required by this item are set forth as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in this Item 8. See Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Conclusion Regarding Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance to achieve the objective that information in its Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified and pursuant to the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, include controls and procedures designed to ensure the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. It should be noted that the Company s system of controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of September 25, 2021, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level as of September 25, 2021. 

 22 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in a reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material adverse effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of September 25, 2021 using the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its assessment of the design and related testing of the Company s internal control over financial reporting management has concluded that, as of September 25, 2021, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in the COSO framework. The Company s independent auditors, Deloitte Touche LLP, a registered public accounting firm, are appointed by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. Deloitte Touche LLP has audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The reports of the independent auditors are contained in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There has been no change during the Company s fiscal year ended September 25, 2021 in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that was identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d) which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. As noted above, management has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 25, 2021. Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item, including the information concerning the Company s directors and officers, audit committee, and compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act, is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. The definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than 120 days after September 25, 2021. The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its senior financial officers, including without limitation, its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller. The full text of the Code of Ethics is published on the Company s website at www.ingles-markets.com under the caption Corporate Information. In the event that the Company makes any amendments to, or grants any waivers of, a provision of the Code of Ethics applicable to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer, the Company intends to disclose such amendment or waiver on its website. Information on the Company s website, however, does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 23 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement referred to above in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement referred to above in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement referred to above in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement referred to above in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. PART IV Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 1. The following financial statements of the Registrant are included in response to Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020; Consolidated Statements of Income and Other Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020, and September 28, 2019; Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020, and September 28, 2019; Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020, and September 28, 2019; Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 2. Exhibits (b) Exhibits: 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Ingles Markets, Incorporated (included as Exhibit 3.1 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 33-23919, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). (Filed on paper hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T.) 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Ingles Markets, Incorporated (included as Exhibit 3.3 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2004, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 3.3 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Ingles Markets, Incorporated dated February 14, 2012 (included as Exhibit 3.3 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 24, 2012, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 4 3.4 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Ingles Markets, Incorporated (included as Exhibit 99.1 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission on August 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 4.1 Articles 4 and 9 of the Articles of Incorporation of Ingles Markets, Incorporated (included as Exhibit 3.1 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 33-23919, (filed on paper hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T) and Exhibit 3.3 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2004, File No. 0-14706, respectively, each of which were previously filed with the Commission and are incorporated herein by this reference). 

24 

4.2 Articles 2, 3, 10, 11 and 14 of the Amended and Restated By-Laws of Ingles Markets, Incorporated (included as Exhibit 99.1 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission on August 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2021, by and between Ingles Markets, Incorporated and Truist Bank, as Trustee, governing the 4.000 Senior Notes Due 2031, including the Form of 4.00 Senior Notes Due 2031 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 0-14706, filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 4.4 Description of Capital Stock (included as Exhibit 4.5 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the commission and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Ingles Markets, Incorporated Investment/Profit Sharing Plan effective September 29, 2002 (included as Exhibit 10.11 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2002, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 10.2 Second Amendment to the Ingles Markets, Incorporated Investment/Profit Sharing Plan dated November 2, 2011 (included as Exhibit 10.5 to the Ingles Markets, Incorporated Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2011, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 10.3 Ingles Markets, Incorporated Non-qualified Plan dated May 30, 2005 (included as Exhibit 10.5 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2005, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 10.4 Ingles Markets, Incorporated Executive Non-qualified Excess Plan amended and restated Effective January 1, 2013, dated November 1, 2012 (included as Exhibit 10.10 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2012, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 10.5 Ingles Markets, Incorporated Investment/Profit Sharing Plan (Amended and Restated effective January1, 2017) (included as Exhibit 10.9 to the Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 30, 2017, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference ). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 10.6 Ingles Markets, Incorporated Investment/Profit Sharing Plan Description (included as Exhibit 10.10 to the Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 30, 2017, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference ). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 10.7 Amendment to Investment/Profit Sharing Plan to Permit In-Plan Roth Transfers (included as Exhibit 10.11 to the Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 30, 2017, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 

25 

10.8 Participation Agreement for Milkco, Inc. (Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2017) (included as Exhibit 10.12 to the Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 30, 2017, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 10.9 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, by and among Ingles Markets, Incorporated, as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and the other agents and lenders party thereto (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 (Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Ingles Markets, Incorporated (included as Exhibit 21.1 to Ingles Markets, Incorporated s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2012, File No. 0-14706, previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021, formatted as Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) and furnished electronically herewith: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity; and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ___________________________________ Filed herewith. Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 

26 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Ingles Markets, Incorporated Black Mountain, North Carolina Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ingles Markets, Incorporated and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, the related consolidated statements of income and other comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended September 25, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended September 25, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 25, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 24, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accounting Pronouncement Recently Adopted The Company has changed its method of accounting for leases in the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020 due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Vendor Allowances Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Critical Audit Matter Description The Company receives funds for a variety of merchandising activities from certain vendors whose products the Company buys for resale in its stores. These incentives and allowances are primarily comprised of volume or purchase based incentives, advertising allowances, slotting fees, and promotional discounts. These allowances generally relate to short term arrangements with vendors, often relating to a period of a month or less and are negotiated on a purchase-by-purchase or transaction-by-transaction basis. Vendor discounts and allowances that relate to buying and merchandising activities are recorded as a reduction of inventory cost and recognized in cost of goods sold when the related inventory is sold. Vendor advertising allowances that represent a reimbursement of specific identifiable incremental costs of advertising the vendor s specific products are recorded as a reduction to the related expense in the period that the related expense is incurred. We identified vendor allowances as a critical audit matter because of the number and diversity of individual vendors agreements. This required an increased extent of effort when performing procedures to evaluate whether the vendor allowances were recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements. 

 27 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to whether vendor allowances were recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements included the following, among others: We tested the operating effectiveness of controls over vendor allowances, including management s controls over the accrual and recording of vendor allowances as a reduction to the cost of inventory, cost of sales, or advertising expense in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements. We selected a sample of transactions and tested for the appropriateness of recorded reductions to inventory, cost of sales or advertising expense. We selected a sample of vendors and confirmed the completeness of programs as well as the amounts earned and terms of the agreement directly with the vendor. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Charlotte, North Carolina November 24, 2021 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

 28 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Ingles Markets, Incorporated Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Ingles Markets, Incorporated and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 25, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 25, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021, of the Company and our report dated November 24, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and included an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Charlotte, North Carolina November 24, 2021 

 29 

INGLES MARKETS, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS SEPTEMBER 25, 2021 AND SEPTEMBER 26, 2020 2021 2020 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Short term investments Receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of 2021 and 2020) Inventories Other Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET OPERATING LEASE RIGHT OF USE ASSETS OTHER ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 30 

INGLES MARKETS, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS SEPTEMBER 25, 2021 AND SEPTEMBER 26, 2020 2021 2020 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accounts payable - trade Accrued expenses and current portion of other long-term liabilities Total current liabilities DEFERRED INCOME TAXES LONG-TERM DEBT NONCURRENT OPERATING LEASE LIABILITIES OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued Common stocks: Class A, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding, shares in 2021, shares in 2020 Class B, convertible to Class A, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding, shares in 2021, shares in 2020 Paid-in capital in excess of par value Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 31 

INGLES MARKETS, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FISCAL YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 25, 2021, SEPTEMBER 26, 2020 AND SEPTEMBER 28, 2019 2021 2020 2019 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating and administrative expenses Gain from sale or disposal of assets Income from operations Other income, net Interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Other comprehensive income (expense): Change in fair value of interest rate swap Income tax (expense) benefit Other comprehensive income (expense), net of tax Comprehensive income Per-share amounts: Class A Common Stock Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Class B Common Stock Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Cash dividends per common share: Class A Class B 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 32 

INGLES MARKETS, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FISCAL YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 25, 2021, SEPTEMBER 26, 2020 AND SEPTEMBER 28, 2019 PAID-IN ACCUMULATED CLASS A CLASS B CAPITAL IN OTHER COMMON STOCK COMMON STOCK EXCESS OF COMPREHENSIVE RETAINED SHARES AMOUNT SHARES AMOUNT PAR VALUE LOSS EARNINGS TOTAL Balance, September 29, 2018 Net income Other comprehensive expense net of tax Cash dividends Class A Class B Common stock conversions Balance, September 28, 2019 Net income Other comprehensive expense net of tax Cash dividends Class A Class B Common stock conversions Balance, September 26, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income net of tax Cash dividends Class A Class B Stock repurchases, at cost Common stock conversions Balance, September 25, 2021 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 33 

INGLES MARKETS, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FISCAL YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 25, 2021, SEPTEMBER 26, 2020 AND SEPTEMBER 28, 2019 2021 2020 2019 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Non cash operating lease cost Gain from sale or disposal of assets Loss on early extinguishment of debt Receipt of advance payments on purchases contracts Recognition of advance payments on purchases contracts Deferred income taxes Changes in operating assets and liabilities Receivables Inventory Other assets Operating lease liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Purchase of short term investments Proceeds from short term investments Capital expenditures Net Cash Used By Investing Activities Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from short-term borrowings Payments on short-term borrowings Debt issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of bonds Proceeds from new long-term borrowings Principal payments on long-term borrowings Prepayment penalties on debt extinguishment Stock repurchases Dividends Net Cash Used By Financing Activities Increase (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 34 

Ingles Markets, Incorporated and Subsidiaries Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements Fiscal years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019 supermarkets in North Carolina ), Georgia ), South Carolina ), Tennessee ), Virginia and Alabama ). primary business segment, retail grocery sales (representing the aggregation of individual retail stores). The Other segment includes our remaining operations -- fluid dairy and shopping center rentals. such balances at September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively. million in banks exceed the FDIC insurance limit per bank. 

 35 

. Store, office and warehouse equipment is generally depreciated over to years. Transportation equipment is generally depreciated over to . Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the subject lease term or the useful life of the asset, generally from to years. Depreciation and amortization expense totaled million , million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. million at September 25, 2021 and million at September 26, 2020. The settlement of this obligation is dependent upon participant elections to withdraw funds, which cannot be predicted. per occurrence for workers compensation, and for general liability, and per covered person for medical care benefits for a policy year. Self-insurance liabilities are established based on claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. The estimates are based on data provided by the respective claims administrators, which is then applied to appropriate actuarial methods. These estimates can fluctuate if historical trends are not predictive of the future. The Company s self-insurance reserves totaled million and million for employee group insurance, workers compensation insurance and general liability insurance at September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively. These amounts are inclusive of expected recoveries from excess cost insurance or other sources that are recorded as receivables of at September 25, 2021 and million at September 26, 2020. The Company is required in certain cases to pledge certificates of deposit or obtain surety bonds to support its self-insured status. The Company carries casualty insurance only on those properties where it is required to do so. The Company has elected to self-insure its other properties. 
 
 36 

million, million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. million, million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. of fluid dairy revenues are recognized when the product is picked up by the customer at our facility. The remaining fluid dairy revenues are recognized when the product is received at the customer s facility upon delivery via transportation arranged by the Company. Rental income, including contingent rentals, is recognized on the accrual basis. Upfront consideration paid by either the Company as lessor or by the lessee is recognized as an adjustment to net rental income using the straight line method over the term of the lease. million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019, respectively. Vendor advertising allowances that represent a reimbursement of specific identifiable incremental costs of advertising the vendor s specific products are recorded as a reduction to the related expense in the period that the related expense is incurred. Vendor advertising allowances recorded as a reduction of advertising expense totaled million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019, respectively. During fiscal years 2021 and 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic increased the Company s sales. As a result, vendors offered a lower level of incentives for the Company to sell their products. . 

 37 

Property tax method Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Insurance reserves Advance payments on purchases contracts Vacation accrual Inventory Deferred compensation Interest rate swaps Other Total deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liabilities 
 Refundable current income taxes totaling million and million at September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively are included in the line item Other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income Tax Expense - Income tax expense differs from the amounts computed by applying the statutory federal rates to income before income taxes. The reasons for the differences are as follows: State income tax, net of federal tax benefits Federal tax credits Other Total 
 Current and deferred income tax expense (benefit) is as follows: State Total current expense Deferred: Federal State Total deferred (benefit) expense Total expense 
 Construction in progress Buildings Store, office and warehouse equipment Transportation equipment Leasehold improvements Total Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment - net 

38 

shopping centers in conjunction with its supermarket operations. The Company leases to others a portion of its shopping center properties. The leases are non-cancelable operating lease agreements for periods ranging up to years. Rental income is included in the line item Net sales on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Depreciation on owned properties leased to others and other shopping center expenses are included in the line item Cost of goods sold on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Variable rentals Total Depreciation on owned properties leased to others Other shopping center expenses Total 
 Owned properties leased or held for lease to others under operating leases by major classes are summarized as follows: Buildings Total Less accumulated depreciation Total 
 The above amounts are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the caption Property and equipment, net. The following is a schedule of minimum future rental income on non-cancelable operating leases as of September 25, 2021: 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total minimum future rental income 
 years. The majority of the leases include one or more renewal options and provide that the Company pay property taxes, utilities, repairs and certain other costs incidental to occupation of the premises. Several leases contain clauses calling for percentage rentals based upon gross sales of the supermarket occupying the leased space. Step rent provisions, escalation clauses, capital improvements and other lease concessions are taken into account in computing lease payments. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the minimum lease term. Operating Leases - Rent expense for all operating leases of million, million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, is included in operating and administrative expenses. This amount included short-term (less than one year) leases, common area expenses, and variable lease costs, all of which are insignificant. Cash paid for lease liabilities in operating activities approximates operating lease cost. Sub-lease rental income of million for each of fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, is included as a reduction of rental expense. 

 39 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less amount representing interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 million each during the year ended September 25, 2021. The weighted average remaining lease term for the Company s operating leases is years. The weighted average discount rate used to determine lease liability balances as of September 25, 2021 is , based on recent Company financings collateralized by store properties. Salaries, wages, and bonuses payable Self-insurance liabilities: Employee group insurance Workers compensation insurance General liability insurance Interest Other Total accrued expenses and current portion of other long-term liabilities 
 Employee insurance expense, including workers compensation and medical care benefits, net of employee contributions, totaled million, million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Other Long-Term Liabilities - Other long-term liabilities are summarized as follows: Nonqualified investment plan liability Self-insurance liabilities: Workers compensation insurance General liability insurance Interest rate swap liability Other Other long-term liabilities Less current portion Total other long-term liabilities 
 The Company s fuel operations contain underground tanks for the storage of gasoline and diesel fuel. The Company reviewed FASB Topic ASC 410 and determined that we have a legal obligation to remove tanks at a point in the future and accordingly determined we have met the requirements for an asset retirement obligation. The Company followed the FASB ASC 410 model for determining the asset retirement cost and asset retirement obligation. The amounts recorded are immaterial for each fuel center as well as in the aggregate at September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020. Advance Payments on Purchases Contracts - The Company has entered into agreements with suppliers whereby payment is received in advance and earned based on purchases of product from these suppliers in the future. The unearned portion, included in other long-term liabilities, will be recognized in the results of operations in accordance with the terms of the contract. 

 40 

, maturing 2023 Senior notes, interest rate of , maturing 2031 Recovery Zone Facility Bonds, maturing 2036 Outstanding line of credit, weighted average interest rate of for 2020 Notes payable due to banks, weighted average interest rate of for 2021 and for 2020 Less unamortized prepaid loan costs Total long-term debt Less current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 In June 2021, the Company issued at par million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in 2031 (the 2031 Notes ). Upon issuance of the 2031 Notes, the Company issued an irrevocable notice to redeem the remaining million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due in 2023 (the 2023 Notes and invested million of 2031 Notes proceeds in short term investments pending redemption of the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes were redeemed at par value on July 16, 2021. The Company recognized debt extinguishment costs of approximately million during fiscal year 2021. The Company may redeem all or a portion of the 2031 Notes at any time at the following redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount), if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning June 15 of the years indicated below: 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter 
 Additionally, The Company may also redeem all or part of the 2031 Notes at any time prior to June 15, 2026 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes to be redeemed plus the Applicable Premium (as defined in the indenture governing the 2031 Notes), as of, and accrued and unpaid interest to, the redemption date. Additionally, the Company may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes prior to June 15, 2024 with the net cash proceeds of certain sales of its capital stock at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption; provided, that, after such redemption, at least of the aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes originally issued remains outstanding. In November 2019, the Company closed a million amortizing loan secured by real estate (the Loan and issued notice to redeem a like principal amount of the 2023 Notes. The Loan was funded and the 2023 Notes were redeemed after the redemption notice in December 2019. The 2023 Notes were redeemed at of par value, and the Company recognized debt extinguishment costs of approximately million during the quarter ended December 28, 2019. The Loan matures and has monthly principal payments of million plus floating rate interest payments based on LIBOR. In June 2020, the Company issued an irrevocable notice to redeem million principal amount of the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes were redeemed at of par value on July 9, 2020. The Company recognized debt extinguishment costs of approximately million during the quarter ending September 26, 2020. In July 2020, the Company issued an irrevocable notice to redeem million principal amount of the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes were redeemed at of par value on August 27, 2020. The Company recognized debt extinguishment costs of approximately million during the quarter ending September 26, 2020. Following this redemption, there were million aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes outstanding. In June 2021, the Company entered into a million line of credit (the Line that matures in June 2026. The Line provides the Company with various interest rate options based on the prime rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or LIBOR. The Line allows the Company to issue up to million in letters of credit, of which were issued at September 25, 2021. The Company is not required to maintain compensating balances in connection with the Line. At September 25, 2021, the Company had borrowings outstanding under the Line. In December 2010, the Company completed the funding of million of Recovery Zone Facility Bonds (the Bonds for construction of new warehouse and distribution center to be located in Buncombe County, North Carolina (the Project ). The final maturity date of the Bonds is . 

 41 

million began on January 1, 2014. The Company may redeem the Bonds without penalty or premium at any time prior to September 26, 2026. Interest earned by bondholders on the Bonds is exempt from Federal and North Carolina income taxation. The interest rate on the Bonds is equal to one-month LIBOR (adjusted monthly) plus a credit spread, adjusted to reflect the income tax exemption. The Company s obligation to repay the Bonds is collateralized by the Project. The Covenant Agreement incorporates substantially all financial covenants included in the Line. The 2031 Notes, the Bonds and the Line contain provisions that under certain circumstances would permit lending institutions to terminate or withdraw their respective extensions of credit to the Company. Included among the triggering factors permitting the termination or withdrawal of the Line to the Company are certain events of default, including both monetary and non-monetary defaults, the initiation of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, and the failure of the Company to meet certain financial covenants designated in its respective loan documents. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants related to the 2031 Notes, the Bonds and Line at September 25, 2021. The Company has an interest rate swap agreement for a current notional amount of million at a fixed rate of . Under this agreement, the Company pays monthly the fixed rate of and receives the one-month LIBOR plus . The interest rate swap effectively hedges floating rate debt in the same amount as the current notional amount of the interest swap. Both the floating rate debt and the interest rate swap have monthly principal amortization of million and mature . The Company has an interest rate swap agreement for a current notional amount of million at a fixed rate of . Under this agreement, the Company pays monthly the fixed rate of and receives the one-month LIBOR plus . The interest rate swap effectively hedges floating rate debt in the same amount as the current notional amount of the interest swap. Both the floating rate debt and the interest rate swap have monthly principal amortization of million and mature in fiscal year 2030. The Company recognizes differences between the variable rate interest payments and the fixed interest rate settlements with the swap counterparties as an adjustment to interest expense each period over the life of the swaps. The Company has designated the swaps as cash flow hedges and records the changes in the estimated fair value of the swaps to other comprehensive income each period. For the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021, the Company recorded million of other comprehensive income, net of income taxes, in its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Unrealized losses of million are recorded as a liability at fair value in the line Other Long-Term Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 25, 2021. For the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020, the Company recorded million of other comprehensive expense, net of income taxes, in its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Unrealized losses of million are recorded as a liability at fair value in the line Other Long-Term Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 26, 2020. Failure of the swap counterparty to make payments would result in the loss of any potential benefit to the Company under the swap agreement. In this case, the Company would still be obligated to pay the variable interest payments underlying the debt agreements. Additionally, failure of the swap counterparty would not eliminate the Company s obligation to continue to make payments under the existing swap agreement if it continues to be in a net pay position. The Company s long-term debt agreements generally contain provisions that under certain circumstances would permit lending institutions to terminate or withdraw their respective extensions of credit to the Company. Included among the triggering factors permitting the termination or withdrawal of the Line to the Company are certain events of default, including both monetary and non-monetary defaults, the initiation of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, and the failure of the Company to meet certain financial covenants designated in its respective loan documents. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants at September 25, 2021. At September 25, 2021, property and equipment with an undepreciated cost of approximately million was pledged as collateral for long-term debt. Long-term debt and Line agreements contain various restrictive covenants requiring, among other things, minimum levels of net worth and maintenance of certain financial ratios. While there are no current restrictions on net income or retained earnings available for the payment of dividends, certain loan agreements contain provisions outlining minimum tangible net worth requirements that restrict the ability of the Company to pay cash dividends in excess of the current annual per share dividends paid on the Company s Class A and Class B Common Stock. Components of interest costs are as follows: Interest capitalized Interest expense 

42 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Less unamortized prepaid loan costs Total 
 classes of Common Stock: Class A and Class B. Class A Common Stock is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol IMKTA. There is no public market for the Company s Class B Common Stock. However, each share of Class B Common Stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into one share of Class A Common Stock. Upon any transfers of Class B Common Stock (other than to immediate family members, other eligible holders, and participants in the Investment/Profit Sharing Plan), such stock is automatically converted into Class A Common Stock. The holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are entitled to dividends and other distributions when declared out of assets legally available therefore, subject to the dividend rights of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. Each share of Class A Common Stock is entitled to receive a cash dividend and liquidation payment in an amount equal to of any cash dividend or liquidation payment on Class B Common Stock. Any stock dividend must be paid in shares of Class A Common Stock with respect to Class A Common Stock and in shares of Class B Common Stock with respect to Class B Common Stock. The voting powers, preferences and relative rights of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are identical in all respects, except that the holders of Class A Common Stock have vote per share and the holders of Class B Common Stock have votes per share. In addition, holders of Class A Common Stock, as a separate class, are entitled to elect of all directors constituting the Board of Directors (rounded to the nearest whole number). As long as the Class B Common Stock represents at least of the total outstanding Common Stock of both classes, holders of Class B Common Stock, as a separate class, are entitled to elect the remaining directors. The Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors can set the number of directors between and . Conversion of Class B to Class A shares Net income allocated, diluted Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Weighted average shares outstanding, basic Conversion of Class B to Class A shares Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted Earnings per share Basic Diluted 

43 

Conversion of Class B to Class A shares Net income allocated, diluted Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Weighted average shares outstanding, basic Conversion of Class B to Class A shares Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted Earnings per share Basic Diluted 
 million, million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Nonqualified Investment Plan - The purpose of the Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan is to provide benefits similar to the Company s Investment/Profit Sharing Plan to certain of the Company s management associates who are otherwise subject to limited participation in the 401(k) feature of the Company s Investment/Profit Sharing Plan. Company contributions to the plan, included in operating and administrative expenses, were approximately , and for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Cash Bonuses - The Company pays monthly bonuses to various managerial personnel based on performance of the operating units managed by these personnel. The Company pays discretionary annual bonuses to certain associates who do not receive monthly performance bonuses. The Company pays discretionary bonuses to certain executive officers based on Company performance. Operating and administrative expenses include bonuses of approximately million, million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During fiscal year 2020, the Company provided million in extra associate appreciation bonuses for exceptional service during the COVID-19 pandemic. The accrued liability for cash bonuses totaled million at September 25, 2021 and million at September 26, 2020. These amounts are included in the caption Accrued expenses and current portion of other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Medical Care Plan - Medical and dental benefits are provided to qualified associates under a self-insured plan. Expenses under the plan include claims paid, administrative expenses and an estimated liability for claims incurred but not yet paid. 

 44 

primary business segment, retail grocery sales (representing the aggregation of individual retail stores). Other includes the Company s remaining operations -- fluid dairy and shopping center rentals. Information about the Company s operations by lines of business (amounts in thousands) is as follows: Non-foods Perishables Gasoline Total retail Other Total revenues from unaffiliated customers Income before income taxes: Retail Other Total income from operations Other income, net 2,971 1,737 Interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Income before income taxes Assets: Retail Other Elimination of intercompany receivable Total assets Capital expenditures: Retail Other Total capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization: Retail Other Total depreciation and amortization 
 The grocery category includes grocery, dairy, and frozen foods. The non-foods category includes alcoholic beverages, tobacco, pharmacy, and health/beauty/cosmetic products. The perishable category includes meat, produce, deli and bakery. million, million and million in sales to the grocery sales segment in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These sales were eliminated in consolidation. million. The Company expects these commitments to be fulfilled during fiscal year 2022. The Company has entered into supply contracts to provide approximately of the fuel sold in its fuel centers. Pricing is based on certain market indices at the time of purchase. The suppliers can modify or terminate the contracts if the Company does not meet certain minimum monthly purchase requirements. There have been no other material changes in contractual obligations and commercial commitments subsequent to September 25, 2021 other than as described elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

 45 

Level 2 Facility Bonds Level 2 Secured notes payable and other Level 2 Interest rate swaps derivative contract liability Level 2 Non-qualified retirement plan assets Level 2 
 The fair values for Level 2 measurements were determined primarily using market yields and taking into consideration the underlying terms of the debt. Income taxes Non cash items: Property and equipment additions included in accounts payable 
 million shares of its Class A and Class B Common Stock. The share repurchase program may be carried out through open market purchases, block trades, purchases from the Company s Investment/Profit Sharing Plan and in negotiated private transactions. On March 23, 2021, the Company approved the repurchase of million shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock from a trust that is part of the estate of Robert P. Ingle, former CEO and Director of the Company. The aggregate purchase price paid for the repurchased shares was approximately million, which was equal to the fair market value of the Company s publicly traded Class A Common Stock at the time of the transaction. The transaction was approved by the Company s Executive Committee and Audit Committee in accordance with the Company s related-party transaction policy and regulatory guidelines. million was both made and repaid in full. There were such loans outstanding at September 25, 2021 or September 26, 2020. 

 46 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. INGLES MARKETS, INCORPORATED By: /s/ James W. Lanning James W. Lanning Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer Date: November 24, 2021 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: /s/ Robert P. Ingle, II November 24, 2021 Robert P. Ingle, II, Chairman and Director /s/ James W. Lanning November 24, 2021 James W. Lanning, CEO, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director /s/ Ronald B. Freeman November 24, 2021 Ronald B. Freeman, Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Director /s/ Patricia E. Jackson November 24, 2021 Patricia E. Jackson, CPA, Secretary and Controller /s/ John R. Lowden November 24, 2021 John R. Lowden, Director /s/ Fred D. Ayers November 24, 2021 Fred D. Ayers, Director /s/ Laura Sharp November 24, 2021 Laura Sharp, Director /s/ Brenda S. Tudor November 24, 2021 Brenda S. Tudor, Director /s/ Ernest E. Ferguson November 24, 2021 Ernest E. Ferguson, Director 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 imkt-20210925xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311 10K

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 

PROMULGATED UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James W. Lanning , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10- K of Ingles Markets, Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule s 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

d esigned such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

d esigned such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

e valuated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

d isclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) : 

(a) 

a ll significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

a ny fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: Nov ember 24 , 20 2 1 

/s/ James W. Lanning 

James W. Lanning 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 imkt-20210925xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312 10K

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 

PROMULGATED UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ronald B. Freeman , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ingles Markets, Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule s 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

d esigned such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

d esigned such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

e valuated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

d isclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) : 

(a) 

a ll significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

a ny fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

6 

Date: Nov ember 24 , 20 2 1 

/s/ Ronald B. Freeman 

Ronald B. Freeman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 imkt-20210925xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321 10K

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Ingles Markets, Incorpora ted (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending September 25 , 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James W. Lanning , Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result s of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James W. Lanning 

James W. Lanning 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Nov ember 24 , 20 2 1 

The for egoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit of the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended, or the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 imkt-20210925xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322 10K

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Ingles Markets, Incorpora ted (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending September 25 , 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (t he Report ), I, Ronald B. Freeman , Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result s of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Ronald B. Freeman 

Ronald B. Freeman 

Chief Financial Officer 

Nov ember 24 , 20 21 

The for egoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit of the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended, or the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 imkt-20210925.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 imkt-20210925_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 imkt-20210925_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 imkt-20210925_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 imkt-20210925_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

