<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211026_10-K_edgar_data_923120_0001564590-21-052050.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24638284</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1312670</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2623143</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9900217</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3012374</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7313231</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-052050.hdr.sgml : 20211026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211026170821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-052050
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENBRIER COMPANIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000923120
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROAD EQUIPMENT [3743]
		IRS NUMBER:				930816972
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13146
		FILM NUMBER:		211349532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CENTERPOINTE DR
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE OSWEGO
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97035
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036847000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CENTERPOINTE DR
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE OSWEGO
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97035

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-052050.txt : 20211026

10-K
 1
 gbx-10k_20210831.htm
 10-K

gbx-10k_20210831.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 for the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 without par value 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of February 28, 2021 (based on the closing price of such shares on such date) was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock on October 20, 2021 was without par value. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

3 

PART I 

Item 1. 

BUSINESS 

4 

Item 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

12 

Item 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

26 

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES 

26 

Item 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

26 

Item 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

26 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

27 

PART II 

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

28 

Item 6. 

REMOVED AND RESERVED 

29 

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

30 

Item 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

45 

Item 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

48 

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

83 

Item 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

83 

Item 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

85 

PART III 

Item 10. 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

85 

Item 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

85 

Item 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 

85 

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

85 

Item 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

85 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

86 

Item 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

90 

SIGNATURES 

91 

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 Many of these risks and other factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Words such as anticipates, believes, can, could, designed to, estimates, expects, foreseeable future , future, goal, intends, likely, may, plans, potential, seeks, should, strategy, will, would, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. In addition, statements regarding expectations of cost savings or our ability to navigate current challenges, or operate efficiently when the freight industry market recovers from the significant decline in global economic activity resulting from the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic or any other statements that explicitly or implicitly draw trends in our performance or the markets in which we operate, or characterize future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. 
 These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations, are described in greater detail in Item 1A, Risk Factors, Item 1, Business Backlog, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls. Forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and market information and are inherently uncertain. Investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by law, we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
 All references to years refer to the fiscal years ended August 31 st unless otherwise noted. 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies is a registered trademark of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Gunderson, Auto-Max II, and Multi-Max are trademarks of Gunderson LLC. 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

 Introduction 
 We are one of the leading designers, manufacturers and marketers of railroad freight car equipment in North America, Europe, South America and other geographies as opportunities arise. We also are a manufacturer and marketer of marine barges in North America. We also offer railcar management, regulatory compliance services and leasing services to railcar owners or other users of railcars in North America. We are a leading provider of freight railcar wheel services, parts and maintenance in North America. Through unconsolidated affiliates we produce rail and industrial components and have an ownership stake in a railcar manufacturer in Brazil. 
 We operate an integrated business model in North America that combines freight car manufacturing, wheel services, railcar maintenance, component parts, leasing and fleet management services. Our model is designed to provide customers with a comprehensive set of freight car solutions by utilizing our substantial engineering, mechanical and technical capabilities as well as our experienced commercial personnel. Our integrated model allows us to develop cross-selling opportunities and synergies among our various business segments thereby enhancing our margins. We believe our integrated model is difficult to duplicate and provides greater value for our customers and investors. 
 We operate in three reportable segments: Manufacturing Wheels, Repair & Parts and Leasing & Services. Financial information about our business segments as well as geographic information is located in Note 18 - Segment Information to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., is incorporated in Oregon. Our principal executive offices are located at One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 200, Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035. Our telephone number is (503) 684-7000 and our Internet website is located at http://www.gbrx.com . 
 Products and Services 
 Manufacturing Segment 
 North American Railcar Manufacturing - We manufacture most freight railcar types currently in use in the North American market (other than coal cars) and we continue to expand our product features and functionality. We have demonstrated an ability to capture high market shares in many of the car types we produce. The primary products we produce for the North American market are: 
 Conventional Railcars - We produce a variety of covered hopper cars for industrial and food grade starches, grain, fertilizer, cement, heavy ore minerals and plastic pellets as well as gondolas and open top hoppers for steel, metals and aggregates. We also produce a wide range of boxcars, which are used in the transport of paper products, perishables and general merchandise. Our flat car products include center partition cars for the forest products industry and heavy-duty flat cars. 
 Tank Cars - We produce a variety of tank cars, including general service, pressurized, coiled, lined, insulated carbon steel and stainless steel tank cars. These are designed for the transportation of petroleum products, ethanol, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), petrochemicals, caustic soda, chlorine, fertilizers, vegetable oils, bio-diesel and various other products. 
 Intermodal Railcars - We manufacture a comprehensive range of intermodal railcars. Our most popular intermodal product is our double-stack railcar. The double-stack railcar is designed to transport containers stacked two-high on a single platform and provides significant operating and capital savings over other types of intermodal railcars. 
 Automotive - We manufacture a full line of railcar equipment specifically designed for the transportation of light vehicles. Our automotive offerings include the Auto-Max II and Multi-Max products, which are designed to carry automobiles, SUVs and trucks efficiently. 
 
 4 

European Railcar Manufacturing - Our European manufacturing operations produce a variety of tank, automotive and conventional freight railcar types, including a comprehensive line of pressurized tank cars for liquid petroleum, LPG gas, chlorine and ammonia and non-pressurized tank cars for light oil, chemicals and other products. In addition, our European manufacturing operations produce flat cars, cars for coil steel and metals, gondolas, intermodal cars, sliding wall cars, hoppers and automobile transport cars. 
 Marine Vessel Fabrication - We manufacture a broad range of Jones Act ocean-going and river barges for transporting merchandise between ports within the United States. Our primary focus is on the larger ocean-going vessels although we have the capability to compete in other marine-related products. Our Portland, Oregon manufacturing facility, located on a deep-water port on the Willamette River, includes marine vessel fabrication capabilities. 
 Wheels, Repair & Parts Segment 
 Wheel Services - We operate a wheel services network in North America. Our wheel shops provide complete wheel services including reconditioning of wheels and axles in addition to new axle machining, finishing and downsizing. Through a joint venture partnership we also provide axle machining, finishing and downsizing. 
 Railcar Maintenance - We operate a railcar maintenance network in North America including shops certified by the Association of American Railroads (AAR). Our shops perform routine railcar maintenance for third parties and for our leased and managed railcar fleets. 
 Component Parts Manufacturing - Our component parts facilities recondition and manufacture railcar cushioning units, couplers, yokes, side frames, bolsters and various other parts. We also produce roofs, doors and associated parts for boxcars. 
 Leasing & Services Segment 
 In February 2021 we announced a refined leasing strategy to grow our owned portfolio of leased railcars by approximately 200 million a year to create an incremental annuity stream of tax-advantaged cash flows while reducing our exposure to the new railcar order and delivery cycle. We are executing this strategy through GBX Leasing, a joint venture in which we own approximately 95 . GBX Leasing commenced operations in April 2021. GBX Leasing is financed with non-recourse debt and is expected to be levered approximately 3:1 debt to equity. We intend that GBX Leasing will aggregate leased railcars to obtain term or capital market financing. GBX Leasing is consolidated for financial reporting purposes within the Leasing & Services segment. Greenbrier Management Services provides management services to the GBX Leasing fleet. 
 Leasing - We operate a railcar leasing business in North America. Our relationships with financial institutions and operating lessors combined with our ownership of a lease fleet of approximately 8,800 railcars, which includes GBX Leasing, enables us to offer flexible financing programs to our customers including operating leases of varied intervals and per diem leases. The percentage of owned units on lease was 94.1 at August 31, 2021 with an average remaining lease term of 3.6 years and an average age of 5.1 years. We also originate leases of railcars, which are either newly built or refurbished by our operations, or bought in the secondary market, and sell the railcars and attached leases to financial institutions or other investors, typically with multi-year management services agreements. As an equipment owner and an originator of leases, we participate principally in the operating lease segment of the market. Under the majority of our leases, we are responsible for maintenance and administration of the leased cars. Assets from our owned lease fleet are periodically sold to accommodate customer demand, manage risk and maintain liquidity. 
 Management Services - Our North American management services business offers a broad array of software and services that include railcar maintenance management, railcar accounting services (such as billing and revenue collection, car hire receivable and payable administration), total fleet management (including railcar tracking using proprietary software), fleet logistics, administration and railcar re-marketing. We currently provide management services for a fleet of approximately 444,000 railcars for railroads, shippers, carriers, institutional investors and other leasing and transportation companies in North America. In addition, our Regulatory Services Group offers regulatory, engineering, process consulting and advocacy support to the tank car and petrochemical rail shipper community, among other services. 
 5 

Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 U.S. Axle Manufacturing - We have a 41.9 interest in Axis, LLC (Axis), a joint venture that manufactures and sells axles to its joint venture partners for use and distribution both domestically and internationally in traditional freight railcar markets and other railcar markets. 
 
 Brazilian Railcar Manufacturing - We have a 60 ownership interest in Greenbrier Maxion-Equipamentos e Servi os Ferrovi rios S.A. (Greenbrier-Maxion), the leading railcar manufacturer in South America, located near S o Paulo, Brazil. Greenbrier-Maxion also assembles bogies and offers a range of aftermarket services including railcar overhaul and refurbishment. 
 Brazilian Castings and Component Parts Manufacturing - We have a 29.5 ownership interest in Amsted-Maxion Fundi o e Equipamentos Ferrovi rios S.A. (Amsted-Maxion) based in Cruzeiro, Brazil. Amsted-Maxion is a manufacturer of various castings and components for railcars and other heavy industrial equipment. Amsted-Maxion has a 40 ownership position in Greenbrier-Maxion and is integrated with the operations of our Brazilian railcar manufacturer. 
 Other Unconsolidated Affiliates - We have other unconsolidated affiliates which primarily include joint ventures that produce rail and industrial components. 
 Backlog 
 The following table depicts our reported railcar backlog subject to third party sale or lease in number of railcars and estimated future revenue value attributable to such backlog, at the dates shown: 

August 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

New railcar backlog units (1) 

26,600 

24,600 

30,300 

Estimated future revenue value (in millions) (2) 

2,810 

2,420 

3,280 

(1) 
 
 Each platform of a railcar is treated as a separate unit. 

(2) 
 
 Subject to change based on finalization of product mix. 

 Approximately 7 of backlog units and 6 of estimated backlog value as of August 31, 2021 was associated with our Brazilian manufacturing operation which are accounted for under the equity method. 
 Based on current production schedules, approximately 14,500 units in the August 31, 2021 backlog are scheduled for delivery in 2022. The balance of the production is scheduled for delivery in 2023 and beyond. 
 Backlog units for lease may be syndicated to third parties or held in our own fleet depending on a variety of factors. Multi-year supply agreements are a part of rail industry practice. A portion of the orders included in backlog reflects an assumed product mix. Under terms of the orders, the exact mix and pricing will be determined in the future, which may impact backlog. Marine backlog was 70 million and 51 million as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our backlog of railcar units and marine vessels is not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. Certain orders in backlog are subject to customary documentation and completion of terms. Customers may attempt to cancel or modify orders in backlog. Historically, little variation has been experienced between the quantity ordered and the quantity actually delivered, though the timing of deliveries may be modified from time to time. 
 Customers 
 Customers across our segments include railroads, leasing companies, financial institutions, shippers, carriers and transportation companies. We have strong, long-term relationships with many of our customers. We believe that our customers preference for high quality products, our technological leadership in developing innovative products, our focus on being highly responsive to our customer s needs and competitive pricing of our railcars have helped us maintain our long-standing relationships with our customers. 
 
 6 

In 2021 , revenue from two customers accounted for approximately 26 of total revenue which represented 33 of Manufacturing revenue, 7 of Leasing & Services revenue and 2 of Wheels, Repair & Parts revenue. No other customers accounted for greater than 10 of total revenue. 
 
 Raw Materials and Components 
 Our products require a supply of materials including steel and specialty components such as brakes, wheels and axles. Specialty components purchased from third parties represent a significant amount of the cost of most freight cars. Our customers often specify particular components and suppliers of such components. Although the number of alternative suppliers of certain specialty components has declined in recent years, there are at least two available suppliers for each of these components. 
 Certain materials and components are periodically in short supply which could potentially impact production at our new railcar and refurbishment facilities. We experienced an increase in the price and shortages of certain materials and components during 2021, in particular the cost of steel. In an effort to mitigate shortages and reduce supply chain costs, we have entered into strategic alliances and multi-year arrangements for the global sourcing of certain materials and components, we operate a replacement parts business which aids in our vertical integration and we continue to pursue strategic opportunities to protect and enhance our supply chain. We periodically make advance purchases to avoid possible shortages of material due to capacity limitations of component suppliers, shipping and transportation delays and possible price increases. 
 In 2021, the top ten suppliers for all inventory purchases accounted for approximately 47 of total purchases. The top supplier accounted for 18 of total inventory purchases in 2021. No other suppliers accounted for more than 10 of total inventory purchases. We believe we maintain good relationships with our suppliers. 
 Competition 
 We are currently one of the two largest railcar manufacturers competing in North America. There are also a handful of specialty builders who focus on niche markets. We believe that in Europe we are in the top tier of railcar manufacturers. Through our 60 ownership interest in Greenbrier-Maxion, we are the leading railcar manufacturer in South America. The railcar manufacturing industry is becoming more global as customers are purchasing railcars from manufacturers outside of their geographic region. In all railcar markets that we serve, we compete on the basis of quality, price, reliability of delivery, product design and innovation, reputation and customer service and support. 
 Competition in the marine industry is dependent on the type of product produced, proximity to delivery point, and manufacturing capacity. There are few competitors that build as wide an array of products types as we build. We compete on the basis of price, quality, reliability of delivery, launching capacity and experience with certain product types. 
 Competition in the Wheels, Repair & Parts businesses is dependent on the type of product or service provided. There are many competitors in these businesses. We compete primarily on the basis of quality, timeliness of delivery, customer service, location of shops, price and engineering expertise. 
 There are at least twenty institutions in North America that provide railcar leasing and/or services similar to ours. Many of them are also customers that buy new railcars from our manufacturing facilities and used railcars from our lease fleet, as well as utilize our management and maintenance services. We compete primarily on the basis of quality, price, delivery, reputation, service offerings and deal structuring and syndication ability. We believe our strong servicing capability and our ability to sell railcars with a lease attached (syndicate railcars), integrated with our manufacturing, maintenance shops, railcar specialization and expertise in particular lease structures provide a strong competitive advantage. 
 
 7 

Marketing and Product Development 
 In North America, we leverage an integrated marketing and sales effort to coordinate relationships in our various segments. We provide our customers with a diverse range of equipment and financing alternatives designed to satisfy each customer s unique needs, whether the customer is buying new equipment, refurbishing existing equipment or seeking to outsource the maintenance or management of equipment. These custom programs may involve a combination of railcar products, leasing, refurbishing and remarketing services. In addition, we provide customized maintenance management, equipment management, accounting and compliance services and proprietary software solutions. 
 
 In Europe and South America, we maintain relationships with customers through market-specific sales personnel. Our engineering and technical staff works closely with their customer counterparts on the design and certification of railcars. Many European railroads are state-owned and are subject to European Union (EU) regulations covering the tender of government contracts. 
 Through our research and customer relationships, insights are derived into the potential need for new products and services. Marketing and engineering personnel collaborate to evaluate opportunities and develop new products and features. Research and development costs incurred during the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were 6.3 million, 5.8 million and 5.4 million, respectively. 
 Human Capital 
 With the oversight of the Board, our CEO and senior leadership are thoughtfully invested in our global workforce. We regularly review our priorities and progress in each of the areas highlighted below. 
 Safety - We continue to navigate the COVID-19 pandemic focusing on a safe and healthy work environment for our global employees. Our safety performance is monitored regularly by senior leadership and our Board. We are proud of the sustained improvement in our safety statistics even while we have experienced significant fluctuations in headcount over the past 18 months. 
 
 Talent and Diversity - We recognize that a talented and diverse workforce is critical to our success. This year we continued our focus on leadership development and expanded our talent programs to include development for emerging leaders throughout our company, as well as invested in training and learning resources for employees at all levels in the organization. Employees are encouraged to invest their time and energy into these opportunities. 
 
 Building upon our core value of Respect for People, we formally launched our IDEAL (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access and Leadership) commitment in the fall of 2020. We established a strategy, action plan and a roadmap to guide continual progress and achievement of measurable goals. Our IDEAL commitment is supported by our Board, senior leadership and a recently-constituted Diversity and Inclusion Strategy Committee (DISC). IDEAL has been embraced throughout our company. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits - We are facing an unusually competitive compensation environment which could impact our ability to attract and retain talent. To remain competitive and attract and retain top talent globally, we are evaluating our compensation programs. This includes reviewing base pay levels for equity both internally and externally and assessing the effectiveness of our short and long-term incentive programs. In addition, we strive to provide competitive health and wellness programs to our employees. 
 
 The items above support our overall emphasis on attracting a diverse talent base and fostering an inclusive culture for our global workforce. 
 
 Our Environmental, Social & Governance Report provides additional information regarding our environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives and can be found on our website. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into, and does not constitute a part of, this filing. 

8 

The following table summarizes the approximate number of employees by segment as of August 31, 2021 at our consolidated entities: 

Number of Employees 

Manufacturing 

9,400 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

600 

Leasing & Services (Includes Corporate) 

300 

Total Employees 

10,300 

While our total number of employees at the end of August 31, 2021 remained relatively consistent with the headcount at August 31, 2020, we experienced a significant decline in the number of our employees during most of 2021 as volumes declined and strategic spending reductions were implemented. However, as production rates and volumes began to increase as we approached August 31, 2021, we increased our headcount to meet increasing demand. 
 
 In Manufacturing, 4,900 employees are represented by unions. At our Wheels, Repair & Parts locations, approximately 40 employees are represented by a union. 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 We have a proactive program aimed at protecting our intellectual property and the results from our research and development. We have obtained a number of U.S. and non-U.S. patents of varying duration, and pending patent applications, registered trademarks, copyrights and trade names. We believe that manufacturing expertise, the improvement of existing technology and the development of new products are at least as important as patent protection in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage in our market. 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to national, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other matters, air emissions, wastewater discharge, solid and hazardous waste disposal and employee health and safety. Prior to acquiring facilities, we conduct investigations to evaluate the environmental condition of subject properties and may negotiate contractual terms for allocation of environmental exposure arising from prior uses. We operate our facilities in a manner designed to maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Environmental studies have been conducted on certain of our owned and leased properties that indicate additional investigation and some remediation on certain properties may be necessary. 
 Portland Harbor Superfund Site 
 Our Portland, Oregon manufacturing facility (the Portland Property) is located adjacent to the Willamette River. In December 2000, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) classified portions of the Willamette River bed known as the Portland Harbor, including the portion fronting our manufacturing facility, as a federal "National Priority List" or "Superfund" site due to sediment contamination (the Portland Harbor Site). Our company and more than 140 other parties have received a "General Notice" of potential liability from the EPA relating to the Portland Harbor Site. The letter advised us that we may be liable for the costs of investigation and remediation (which liability may be joint and several with other potentially responsible parties) as well as for natural resource damages resulting from releases of hazardous substances to the site. Ten private and public entities, including our company (the Lower Willamette Group or LWG), signed an Administrative Order on Consent (AOC) to perform a remedial investigation/feasibility study (RI/FS) of the Portland Harbor Site under EPA oversight, and several additional entities did not sign such consent, but nevertheless contributed financially to the effort. The EPA-mandated RI/FS was produced by the LWG and cost over 110 million during a 17-year period. We bore a percentage of the total costs incurred by the LWG in connection with the investigation. Our aggregate expenditure during the 17-year period was not material. Some or all of any such outlay may be recoverable from other responsible parties. The EPA issued its Record of Decision (ROD) for the Portland Harbor Site on January 6, 2017 and accordingly on October 26, 2017, the AOC was terminated. 
 9 

Separate from the process described above, which focused on the type of remediation to be performed at the Portland Harbor Site and the schedule for such remediation, 83 parties, including the State of Oregon and the federal government, entered into a non-judicial mediation process to try to allocate costs associated with remediation of the Portland Harbor Site. Approximately 110 additional parties signed tolling agreements related to such allocations. On April 23, 2009, our c ompany and the other AOC signatories filed suit against 69 other parties due to a possible limitations period for some such claims Arkema Inc. et al v. A & C Foundry Products, Inc. et al , U.S. District Court, District of Oregon, Case #3:09-cv-453-PK. All but 12 of these parties elected to sign tolling agreements and be dismissed without prejudice, and the case has been stayed by the court until January 14, 2022. 
 The EPA's January 6, 2017 ROD identifies a clean-up remedy that the EPA estimates will take 13 years of active remediation, followed by 30 years of monitoring with an estimated undiscounted cost of 1.7 billion. The EPA typically expects its cost estimates to be accurate within a range of -30 to +50 , but this ROD states that changes in costs are likely to occur as a result of new data collected over a 2-year period prior to final remedy design. The ROD identifies 13 Sediment Decision Units. One of the units, RM9W, includes the nearshore area of the river sediments offshore of the Portland Property as well as upstream and downstream of the facility. It also includes a portion of our company s riverbank. The ROD does not break down total remediation costs by Sediment Decision Unit. The EPA's ROD concluded that more data was needed to better define clean-up scope and cost. On December 8, 2017, the EPA announced that Portland Harbor is one of 21 Superfund sites targeted for greater attention. On December 19, 2017, the EPA announced that it had entered a new AOC with a group of four potentially responsible parties to conduct additional sampling during 2018 and 2019 to provide more certainty about clean-up costs and aid the mediation process to allocate those costs. The parties to the mediation, including us, agreed to help fund the additional sampling, which is now complete. The EPA requested that potentially responsible parties enter AOCs during 2019 agreeing to conduct remedial design studies. Some parties have signed AOCs, including one party with respect to RM9W which includes the area offshore of our manufacturing facility. We have not signed an AOC in connection with remedial design, but will potentially be directly or indirectly responsible for conducting or funding a portion of such RM9W remedial design. The allocation process is continuing in parallel with the process to define the remedial design. 
 The ROD does not address responsibility for the costs of clean-up, nor does it allocate such costs among the potentially responsible parties. Responsibility for funding and implementing the EPA's selected cleanup remedy will be determined at an unspecified later date. Based on the investigation to date, we believe that we did not contribute in any material way to contamination in the river sediments or the damage of natural resources in the Portland Harbor Site and that the damage in the area of the Portland Harbor Site adjacent to our property precedes our ownership of the Portland Property. Because these environmental investigations are still underway, sufficient information is currently not available to determine our liability, if any, for the cost of any required remediation or restoration of the Portland Harbor Site or to estimate a range of potential loss. Based on the results of the pending investigations and future assessments of natural resource damages, we may be required to incur costs associated with additional phases of investigation or remedial action, and may be liable for damages to natural resources. In addition, we may be required to perform periodic maintenance dredging in order to continue to launch vessels from its launch ways in Portland, Oregon, on the Willamette River, and the river's classification as a Superfund site could result in some limitations on future dredging and launch activities. Any of these matters could adversely affect our business and Consolidated Financial Statements, or the value of the Portland Property. 
 On January 30, 2017 the Confederated Tribes and Bands of Yakama Nation sued 33 parties including our company as well as the U.S. and the State of Oregon for costs it incurred in assessing alleged natural resource damages to the Columbia River from contaminants deposited in Portland Harbor. Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation v. Air Liquide America Corp., et al., U.S. Court for the District of Oregon Case No. 3i17-CV-00164-SB. The complaint does not specify the amount of damages the plaintiff will seek. The case has been stayed until January 14, 2022. 
 Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) Regulation of Portland Manufacturing Operations 
 We entered into a Voluntary Cleanup Agreement with the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) in which we agreed to conduct an investigation of whether, and to what extent, past or present operations at the Portland Property may have released hazardous substances into the environment. We have also signed an Order on Consent with the DEQ to finalize the investigation of potential onsite sources of contamination that may have a release pathway to the Willamette River. Interim precautionary measures are also required in the order and the Company is discussing 
 10 

with the DEQ potential remedial actions which may be required. Our aggregate expenditure has not been material, however we could incur significant expenses for remediation. Some or all of any such outlay may be recoverable from other responsible parties. 
 Regulation 
 We must comply with the rules of the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) and the administrative agencies it oversees including the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA), the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA), and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in the U.S. and Transport Canada (TC) in Canada, each of which administer and enforce laws and regulations relating to railroad safety. More specifically, the transportation of hazardous materials by rail is subject to rigorous oversight by FRA, PHMSA, and DHS. Railroads, acting through the Association of American Railroads (AAR), work in partnership with these and other local, state, and federal entities on hazardous materials-related issues, including train routing, security, tank car design and emergency response. Railroads also require compliance with certain industry best practices which at times exceed federal requirements for trains carrying hazardous materials. These regulations govern equipment and safety appliance standards for freight cars and other rail equipment used in interstate and international commerce throughout North America. The AAR promulgates rules and regulations governing the safety and design of equipment, relationships among railroads and other railcar owners with respect to railcars in interchange, and other matters. The AAR also certifies railcar builders and component manufacturers that provide equipment for use on North American railroads. These regulations require maintaining certifications with the AAR as a railcar builder and maintenance provider and component manufacturer, and products sold and leased by us in North America must meet AAR, TC, PHMSA and FRA standards. 
 The primary regulatory and industry authorities involved in the regulation of the ocean-going barge industry are the U.S. Coast Guard, the Maritime Administration of the USDOT, and private industry classing organizations such as the American Bureau of Shipping. 
 Our operations are subject to regulation of health and safety matters by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") and the Secretaria del Trabajo y Prevision Social ("STPS") in Mexico. We believe that we employ appropriate precautions to protect our employees and others from workplace injuries and harmful exposure to materials handled and managed at our facilities. However, claims asserted against us for work-related illnesses or injury and the further adoption of occupational safety and health regulations in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate could increase our operating costs. While we do not anticipate having to make material expenditures in order to remain in substantial compliance with health and safety laws and regulations, we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance. 
 The regulatory environment in Europe consists of a combination of EU regulations and country specific regulations, including a harmonized set of Technical Standards for Interoperability of freight wagons throughout the EU. The regulatory environment in Brazil consists of oversight from the Ministry of Infrastructure, the National Agency of Ground Transportation and the National Association of Railroad Transporters. In all other countries, we conform to country specific regulations where applicable. 
 Additional Information 
 We are a reporting company and file annual, quarterly, current and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, http://www.gbrx.com , we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: our Annual Report on Form 10-K Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All such filings are available free of charge. Copies of our Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are also available on our web site at http://www.gbrx.com . In addition, each of the reports and documents listed above are available free of charge by contacting our Investor Relations Department at The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 200, Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035. 
 11 

Item 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 
 The following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and cash flows, prospects, and stock price. These risks do not identify all risks that we face other factors, events, or uncertainties currently unknown to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our business or that emerge in the future could affect us adversely. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 The COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic, and the related decline in global economic activity, as well as governmental reaction to the pandemic could continue to negatively impact our business, liquidity and financial position, results of operations, stock price, and ability to convert backlog to revenue. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has not yet been contained. We currently identify the following factors as the most significant risks to our business due to COVID-19, governmental actions, and economic conditions. 

We may be prevented from operating our manufacturing facilities, maintenance shops, wheel shops or other worksites due to the illness of our employees, stay-at-home regulations, and employee reluctance to appear for work. Extended closure of one or more of our large facilities could have a material negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. 

We function as an essential infrastructure business under guidance issued by the Department of Homeland Security. Similar guidelines and authorities exist in other nations where we operate. If our current status were eliminated or curtailed, we could be required to temporarily close one or more of our manufacturing facilities, maintenance shops, wheel shops or other worksites for an extended period of time. 

If an outbreak of COVID-19 were to occur at one of our large facilities, we could be obligated to close such facility for an extended period of time and might not have a workforce adequate to meet our operating needs. 

The operations of one or more of our customers may be disrupted or cease, thereby increasing the likelihood that our customers may attempt to delay, defer or cancel orders, reduce orders for our products and services in the future or cease to operate as going concerns. 

The operations of our suppliers may be disrupted and the markets for the inputs to our business may not operate effectively or efficiently, thereby negatively impacting our ability to purchase inputs for our business at reasonable prices, in a timely manner and in sufficient amounts. 

Our indebtedness may increase due to our need to increase borrowing to fund operations during a period of reduced revenue. 

The market price of our common stock may drop or remain volatile. 

We may incur significant employee health care costs under our self-insurance programs. 

The longer the pandemic continues, the more likely that more of the foregoing risks will be realized and that other negative impacts on our business will occur, some of which we cannot now foresee. 
 
 Additionally, the reopening of the economy presents its own risks to our business. Mismatch of supply and demand, interruptions of supply lines, inefficient or overloaded logistics platforms, among other factors may cause the markets for the inputs to our business to fail to operate effectively or efficiently (including sectoral price inflation). There is no guarantee that we will be able to absorb fully such additional costs in the prices for our goods and services. Labor shortages in the geographies where we operate could prevent us from converting backlog to revenue. General inflation, including wage inflation, rises in interest rates, currency volatility as well as monetary, fiscal and policy interventions by national or regional governments in anticipation of or reaction to such events could have negative impacts on our 
 12 

business by increasing our operating costs and our borrowing costs as well as decreasing the capital available for our customers to purchase our goods and services. 
 
 Equipment failures, technological failures, costs and inefficiencies associated with changing of production lines, or transfer of production between facilities, could lead to production, delivery, or service curtailments or shutdowns, loss of revenue or higher expenses. 
 
 We operate a substantial amount of equipment at our production facilities. An interruption in production capabilities or maintenance and repair capabilities at our facilities, as a result of equipment or technology failure, acts of nature, terrorism, costs and inefficiencies associated with changing of production lines or transfer of production between facilities, could reduce or prevent our production, delivery, service, or repair of our products and increase our costs and expenses. A halt of production at any of our manufacturing facilities could severely affect delivery times to our customers. Any significant delay in deliveries not otherwise contractually mitigated could result in cancellation of all or a portion of our orders, cause us to lose future sales, and negatively affect our reputation and our results of operations. 
 
 Shortages of skilled labor, increased labor costs, or failure to maintain good relations with our workforce could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We depend on skilled labor in all areas of our business. Some of our facilities are located in areas where demand for skilled labor often exceeds supply. Shortages of some types of skilled labor such as welders and machine operators could restrict our ability to maintain or increase production rates, lead to production inefficiencies and increase our labor costs. Due to the competitive nature of the labor markets in which we operate and the cyclical nature of the railcar industry, the resulting employment cycle increases our risk of not being able to recruit, train and retain the employees we require at efficient costs and on reasonable terms, particularly when the economy expands, production rates are high or competition for such skilled labor increases. Additionally, we may develop an adverse relationship with our workforce or third party labor providers. We are a party to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions at some of our operations. Disputes with regard to the terms and conditions of these agreements or our potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions in the future could result in, among other things, strikes, work stoppages or other slowdowns by the affected workers. We cannot be assured that our relations with our workforce will remain positive. If our workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage or other slowdown, or other employees were to become unionized or the terms and conditions in future labor agreements were renegotiated, or if union representation is implemented at such sites and we are unable to agree with the union on reasonable employment terms, including wages, benefits, and work rules, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations and incur higher ongoing labor costs. Our costs to recruit, train and retain necessary, qualified employees may exceed our expectations. If we are unable to recruit, train and retain adequate numbers of qualified employees and third party labor providers on a timely basis or at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on our senior management team and other key employees, and significant attrition within our management team or unsuccessful succession planning for members of our senior management team and other key employees who are at or nearing retirement age, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate senior management and other key employees. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, competitors hiring practices, cost reduction activities, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. Competition for qualified personnel can be very intense. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate senior management and other key employees sufficient to maintain our current business and support our future projects and growth objectives. We are vulnerable to attrition among our current senior management team and other key employees. Many members of our senior management team and other key employees are at or nearing retirement age. If we are unsuccessful in our succession planning efforts, the continuity of our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. A loss of any such personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 13 

Fluctuations in the availability and price of inputs could have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture and sell our products profitably and could adversely affect our margins and revenue. 
 
 A significant portion of our business depends upon the adequate supply of steel, other raw materials, and energy at competitive prices . A small number of suppliers fulfill a substantial amount of our requirements. The cost of steel and all other materials used in the production of our railcars represents more than half of our direct manufacturing costs per railcar and in the production of our marine barges represents more than 30 of our direct manufacturing costs per marine barge. Our cost of acquiring steel, components, and other raw materials, to manufacture our railcars and marine barges are impacted by tariffs. The loss of suppliers or their inability to meet our price, quality, quantity and delivery requirements could have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture and sell our products on a cost-effective basis. If we are not able to purchase materials and energy at competitive prices, our ability to produce and sell our products on a cost effective basis could be adversely impacted which, in turn, could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Our fixed - price contracts generally anticipate material price increases and surcharges. If we are unable to adjust our selling prices or have adequate protection in our contracts against changes in material prices, our margins could be adversely affected. Additionally, a portion of our Wheels, Repair & Parts businesses involve scrapping steel parts and the resulting revenue from such scrap steel increases our margins and revenues. When the price of scrap steel declines, our revenues and margins in such businesses decrease. 
 
 Our business will suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic investments. 
 
 We have acquired businesses and invested in or entered into joint ventures in past periods. We may in the future acquire other businesses or invest in or enter into joint ventures with other companies. Our failure to identify future acquisition or joint venture opportunities, or to complete potential acquisitions or joint ventures on favorable terms, could hinder our ability to grow our business. These transactions create risks such as: 

disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing operations 

the difficulty of incorporating acquired operations, technology, and rights into our existing business and product and service offerings, and unanticipated expenses related to such integration 

the difficulty of integrating a new company s accounting, financial reporting, management, information and information security, human resource, and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not successfully implemented 

the challenges of coordinating geographically dispersed organizations, integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds, and combining different corporate cultures 

the challenges of retaining key personnel of the acquired business or joint venture 

the risk of incurring unanticipated operating losses and expenses of the acquired business or joint venture 

the potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the acquired company or of the joint venture partner or our own customers as a result of any integration of operations 

losses we may incur as a result of declines in the value of a joint venture investment or as a result of incorporating an investee s financial performance into our financial results 

the difficulty of implementing at companies we acquire the controls, procedures, and policies appropriate for a public company 

potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest 

the risks associated with businesses we acquire or invest in, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our other businesses face 

 14 

our inability to complete capital expenditure projects on time and within budget or the failure of capital expenditure projects once completed to operate as planned or to return expected benefits as planned and 

the difficulty of completing such transactions and achieving anticipated cost efficiencies, synergies and other benefits within expected timeframes, or at all. 

In addition, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets in connection with effecting an acquisition or joint venture, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business or only be available on unfavorable terms, if at all. In addition, valuations supporting our acquisitions and investments could change rapidly. We could determine that such valuations have experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair value, which could adversely impact our financial results. 
 Our backlog is not necessarily indicative of the level of our future revenues. 
 Our manufacturing backlog represents future production for our customers in various periods, and estimated potential revenue attributable to such production. Our backlog of railcar units and marine vessels is not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. Certain orders in backlog are subject to customary documentation and completion of terms which may not occur. Some backlog is subject to certain conditions, including potential adjustment to prices due to changes in prevailing market prices, or due to lower prices for new orders accepted by us from other customers for similar cars on similar terms and conditions during relevant time periods. Our reported backlog may not be converted to revenue in any particular period and some of our contracts permit cancellations with limited compensation that would not replace lost revenue or margins. In addition, some customers may attempt to delay orders, cancel or modify a contract even if the contract does not allow for such cancellation or modification, and we may not be able to recover all revenue or earnings lost due to a breach of contract or a contract may be found to be unenforceable. The likelihood of cancellations, modifications, rejection and non-payment for our products generally increases during periods of market weakness. The timing of converting backlog to revenue is also materially impacted by our decision whether to lease railcars, sell railcars, or syndicate railcars with a lease attached to an investor. Actual revenue may not equal our anticipated revenues based on our backlog, and therefore, our backlog is not necessarily indicative of the level of our future revenues. 
 
 We derive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, the loss of or reduction of business from one or more of which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 A significant portion of our revenue is generated from a few major customers. Although we have some long-term contractual relationships with our major customers, we cannot be assured that we will continue to have good relations with our customers, or that our customers will continue to purchase or lease our products or services, or will continue to do so at historical levels, or will renew their existing contracts with us. A reduction in the purchasing or leasing of our products, a termination of our services by one or more of our major customers, a decline in the financial condition of a major customer, or our failure to replace expiring customer contracts with new customer contracts on satisfactory terms could result in a loss of business and have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 
 We rely on limited suppliers for certain components and services needed in our production. If we are not able to procure specialty components or services on commercially reasonable terms or on a timely basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 
 Our manufacturing operations depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of materials, components and services in acceptable quantities and quality from our suppliers. In 2021, the top ten suppliers for all inventory purchases accounted for approximately 47 of total purchases. The top supplier accounted for 18 of total inventory purchases in 2021. No other suppliers accounted for more than 10 of to tal inventory purchases. Certain components of our products, particularly specialized components like castings, bolsters, trucks, wheels and axels, and certain services, such as lining capabilities, are currently only available from a limited number of suppliers. If any one or more of our suppliers cease to provide us with sufficient quantities of our components or services in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, or cease to provide services or manufacture components of acceptable quality, or go out of business, we could incur disruptions or be limited in our production of our products and we could have to seek alternative sources for these components or services. 
 
 15 

In addition, we are increasing the number of components and services we manufacture or provide ourselves, directly or through joint ventures. If we are not successful at manufacturing such components or providing such services or have production problems after transitioning to self-produced supplies, we may not be able to replace such components or services from third party suppliers in a timely manner. Any such disruption in our supply of specialized components and services or increased costs of those components or services could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The timing of our asset sales and related revenue recognition could cause significant differences in our quarterly results and liquidity. 
 
 We may build products in anticipation of a customer order, or lease railcars to a customer with the aim of selling such railcars on lease to a third party. In such cases, t he lag between production and sale results in uneven recognition of revenue and earnings over time. Our production during any given period may be concentrated in relatively few contracts, intensifying the amplitude and irregularity of our revenue streams. The timing of recognizing revenue on a railcar is also materially impacted by our decision whether to lease the railcar to a lessee, sell the railcar, or syndicate the railcar with a lease attached to an investor. In addition, we periodically sell railcars from our own lease fleet and the timing and volume of such sales are difficult to predict. As a result, comparisons of our manufacturing revenue, deliveries, quarterly net gain on disposition of equipment, income and liquidity between quarterly periods within one year and between comparable periods in different years may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicators of our future performance. 
 
 We face risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents that increase our costs and could disrupt our business and operations. 
 
 We regularly face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access through the Internet, or to introduce malicious software, to our information technology systems. Additionally, malicious hackers, state-sponsored organizations, terrorists, employees and third-party service providers, or intruders into our physical facilities may attempt to gain unauthorized access and corrupt the processes used to operate our businesses and to design and manufacture our products. We are also a target of malicious attackers who attempt to gain access to our network or those of our customers steal proprietary information related to our business, products, employees, and customers interrupt our systems and services or those of our customers or demand ransom to return control of such systems and services. Such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication, and if successful, expose us and the affected parties to risk of loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information or disruptions of our business operations. Our information technology infrastructure also includes products and services provided by third parties, and these providers can experience breaches of their systems and products that affect the security of our systems and our proprietary or confidential information. Our reliance on information technology increases as working remotely increases among our employees. 
 
 Addressing cybersecurity threats and incidents, whether or not successful, could result in our incurring significant costs related to, for example, disruptions in our operations, rebuilding internal systems, implementing additional threat protection measures, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties, as well as reputational harm. In addition, these threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of successfully defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures. While we seek to detect and investigate unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, and to prevent their recurrence where practicable through changes to our internal processes and tools, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. In some instances, we, our customers, and the users of our products and services can be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. 
 
 The theft, loss, or misuse of third party data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business could result in significantly increased business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. Global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. Costs to comply with and implement these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant, and noncompliance could expose us to significant monetary penalties, damage to our reputation, and even criminal sanctions. Even our inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state, or international privacy-related or data-protection laws and regulations could result in audits, regulatory inquiries, or proceedings against us by governmental entities or other third parties. 
 16 

Updates or changes to our information technology systems may result in problems that could negatively impact our business. 
 
 We have information technology systems, comprising hardware, network, software, people, processes and other infrastructure that are important to the operation of our businesses. We continue to evaluate and implement upgrades and changes to information technology systems that support substantially all of our operating and financial functions. We could experience problems in connection with such implementations, including compatibility issues, training requirements, higher than expected implementation costs and other integration challenges and delays. A significant problem with an implementation, integration with other systems or ongoing management and operation of our systems could negatively impact our business by disrupting operations. Such a problem could also have an adverse effect on our ability to generate and interpret accurate management and financial reports and other information on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial reporting system and internal controls and adversely affect our ability to manage our business. 
 
 A failure to design or manufacture products or technologies or to achieve timely certification or market acceptance of new products or technologies could have an adverse effect on our profitability. 
 
 We continue to introduce new railcar product innovations and technologies. We occasionally accept orders prior to receiving railcar certification or proving our ability to manufacture a quality product that meets customer standards. We could be unable to successfully design or manufacture new railcar product innovations or technologies. Our inability to develop and manufacture new product innovations or technologies in a timely and profitable manner, or to obtain timely certification, or to achieve market acceptance, or to avoid quality problems in our new products, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations and subject us to losses including penalties, cancellation of orders, rejection of railcars by a customer and/or other losses. 
 
 Our debt could have negative consequences to our business or results of operations. 
 We face several risks due to our debt and debt service obligations including our potential inability to satisfy our financial obligations related to our consolidated indebtedness potential breach of the covenants in our credit agreements our ability to borrow additional amounts or refinance existing indebtedness in the future to fund operating needs may be limited or costly our availability of cash flow may be inadequate because a portion of our cash flow is needed to pay principal and interest on our debt we may be vulnerable to competitive pressures and to general adverse economic or industry conditions, including fluctuations in market interest rates or a downturn in our business we may be at a disadvantage relative to our competitors that have greater financial resources than us or more flexible capital structures than us we face additional exposure to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, which could result in higher interest expense in the event of an increase in interest rates restrictions under debt agreements may adversely interfere with our financial and operating flexibility and subjecting us to other risks and exposure to the possibility that we may suffer a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition if we are unable to service our debt or obtain additional financing, as needed. 
 
 We, our subsidiaries, and our joint ventures may incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, and other obligations and liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. This could increase the risks associated with our debt. Some of our credit facilities and existing indebtedness use the London Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR) as a benchmark for establishing interest rates. LIBOR is the subject of proposals for reform. The consequences of these developments with respect to LIBOR cannot be entirely predicted at this time, but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt. 
 
 Our product and service warranties could expose us to significant claims. 
 
 We offer our customers limited warranties for many of our products and services. Accordingly, we may be subject to significant warranty claims in the future, such as multiple claims based on one defect repeated throughout our production or servicing processes, claims for which the cost of repairing the defective part is highly disproportionate to the original cost of the part or defects in railcars or services which we discover in the future resulting in increased warranty costs or litigation. Warranty and product support terms may expand beyond those which have traditionally prevailed in the rail supply industry. These types of warranty claims could result in costly product recalls, customers 
 17 

seeking monetary damages, significant repair costs and damage to our reputation. If warranty claims attributable to actions of third party component manufacturers are not recoverable from such parties due to their poor financial condition or other reasons, we could be liable for warranty claims and other risks for using these materials in our products. 
 
 Our financial performance and market value could cause future write-downs of goodwill or intangibles or other long-lived assets in future periods. 
 
 We are required to perform an annual impairment test of goodwill and other indefinite lived assets which could result in an impairment charge if it is determined that the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. We perform a goodwill impairment test annually at the reporting unit level during the third quarter of each year, or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may exceed their fair value. 
 
 When economic, market or industry trends, business changes, or underperforming financial performance suggest a change in circumstances indicating a decline in fair value of a reporting unit, the assets are evaluated for impairment. Among other things, our assumptions in the valuation of goodwill may include reviewing factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, entity-specific financial performance and other events, such as changes in the Company s management, strategy and primary user base. If indicators suggest it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, it may result in an impairment of goodwill. As of August 31, 2021, we had 88.8 million of goodwill in our Manufacturing segment and 43.3 million in our Wheels, Repair & Parts segment. Impairment charges to our goodwill or other indefinite lived intangible assets would impact our results of operations. Future write-downs of goodwill and other assets could affect certain of the financial covenants under debt instruments and could restrict our financial flexibility. 
 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if third parties assert that our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights, our ability to compete in the market may be harmed, and our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 If our intellectual property rights are not adequately protected, we may not be able to commercialize our technologies, products or services and our competitors could commercialize our technologies, which could result in a decrease in our sales and market share and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, third parties might assert that our products, services, or other business activities infringe their patents or other intellectual property rights. Infringement and other intellectual property claims and proceedings brought against us, whether successful or not, could result in substantial litigation and judgment costs and harm our reputation. 
 
 Insurance coverage could be costly, unavailable or inadequate. 
 
 The ability to insure our businesses, facilities and rail assets is an important aspect of our ability to manage risk. As there are only limited providers of this insurance to the railcar industry, there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available on a cost-effective basis in the future. In addition, we cannot assure that our insurance carriers will be able to pay current or future claims. Additionally, the nature of our business subjects us to physical damage, business interruption and product liability claims, especially in connection with the repair and manufacture of products that carry hazardous or volatile materials. Although we maintain liability insurance coverage at commercially reasonable levels compared to similarly sized heavy equipment manufacturers, an unusually large physical damage, business interruption or product liability claim or a series of claims based on a failure repeated throughout our production process could exceed our insurance coverage or result in damage to our reputation, which could materially adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Risks Related to Market and Economic Factors 
 
 The types of rail equipment we sell and the services we provide significantly impact our revenue and our margin and are dependent on broad economic trends over which we have little or no control. 
 
 We manufacture, lease, maintain and refurbish a broad range of railcars and related rail equipment. The demand for specific types of railcars and the mix of repair and refurbishment work varies over time. Changes in the global economy and the industries and geographies that we serve cause shifts in demand for specific products and services. These shifts in demand could affect our results of operations and could have an adverse effect on our revenue and our profitability. Demand for specific types of railcars increases and decreases with the demand for goods such as grains, metals, construction aggregates, fertilizer, perishables and general merchandise, plastic pellets, oil and gas, bio-fuels, chemicals, and automobiles, among others, which is beyond our control. 
 
 Cyclical economic downturns in our industry usually result in decreased demand for our products and services and reduced revenue. 
 
 The industry in which we operate is subject to periodic economic cycles. Our industry currently is in an economic downturn with reduced demand. The purchasing trends of customers in our industry have a significant impact on demand for our products and services. As a result, during downturns, the rate at which we convert backlog to revenue usually decreases and we may slow down or halt production at some of our facilities. T he current economic downturn in our industry has impacted the demand for our products and services, and will continue to result in one or more of the following: lower sales volumes, lower prices, lower lease utilization rates and decreased revenues and profits. 
 
 Demand for our railcar equipment and services is dependent on the future of rail transportation and the manner in which railroads operate. 
 
 Demand for our rail equipment and services may decrease if freight rail decreases as a mode of freight transportation used by customers to ship their products, or if governmental policies favor modes of freight transportation other than rail. If rail freight transportation becomes more efficient or dwell times decrease, demand for our rail equipment and services may decrease. If the rail freight industry becomes oversupplied, prices for our railcars, lease rates, and demand for our products and services may decrease. The industries in which our customers operate are driven by dynamic market forces and trends, which are in turn influenced by economic, regulatory, and political factors. Features and functionality specific to certain railcar types could result in those railcars becoming obsolete as customer requirements for freight delivery change. 
 
 Risks related to our operations outside of the U.S. could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We own, lease, operate or have invested in businesses that have manufacturing facilities in Mexico, Brazil and Europe, and have customers and suppliers located outside the United States. Instability in the macroeconomic, political, legal, trade, financial, labor or market conditions in the countries where we, or our customers or suppliers, operate could negatively impact our business activities and operations. Some foreign countries in which we operate or may operate have authorities that regulate railroad safety and rail equipment design and manufacturing. If we do not have appropriate certifications, we could be unable to market and sell our rail equipment in those markets. Adverse changes in foreign regulations applicable to us or our customers, such as labor, environment, trade, tax, currency and price regulations, could limit our operations , make the manufacture and distribution of our products difficult, and delay or limit our ability to repatriate income derived from foreign markets. 
 
 Our business benefits from free trade agreements between the United States and foreign governments, and from various U.S. corporate tax provisions related to international commerce. Any changes in trade or tax policies by the U.S. or foreign governments in jurisdictions in which we do business, as well as any embargoes, quotas or tariffs imposed on our products and services, could adversely and significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

Among the political risks we face outside the U.S. are governments nationalizing our business or assets, or repudiating or renegotiating contracts with us, our customers or our suppliers. In our cross-border business activities, we could experience longer customer payment cycles, difficulty in collecting accounts receivable or an inability to protect our intellectual property. We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws, which may conflict with local business customs in certain jurisdictions. The failure to comply with laws governing international business may result in substantial penalties and fines and reputational harm. Transactions with non-U.S. entities expose us to business practices, local customs, and legal processes with which we may not be familiar, as well as difficulty enforcing contracts and international political and trade tensions. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with our foreign and cross-border business activities, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could lead to increased costs and lower profitability. 
 
 Outside of the U.S., we primarily conduct business in Mexico, Europe and Brazil and our non-U.S. businesses conduct their operations in local currencies. We also source materials worldwide. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect demand for our products in foreign markets or our cost competitiveness and may adversely affect our profitability. Although we attempt to mitigate a portion of our exposure to changes in currency rates through currency rate hedge contracts and other activities, these efforts cannot fully eliminate the risks associated with the foreign currencies. In addition, some of our borrowings are in foreign currency, giving rise to risk from fluctuations in exchange rates. A material or adverse change in exchange rates could result in significant deterioration of profits or in losses for us. 
 
 We could be unable to lease railcars at satisfactory rates, remarket leased railcars on favorable terms upon lease termination, or realize the expected residual values for end of life railcars due to changes in scrap prices, each of which could reduce our revenue and decrease our overall return or affect our ability to sell leased assets in the future. 
 
 The profitability of our railcar leasing business depends on our ability to lease railcars at satisfactory rates, sell railcars with sufficiently profitable leases to investors, and to remarket, sell or scrap railcars we own or manage upon the expiration of leases. The rent we receive during the initial railcar lease term typically covers only a small portion of the railcar acquisition or production costs. Thus, we are exposed to a remarketing risk throughout the life of the railcar because we must obtain lease rates or a sale price sufficient to cover our acquisition or production costs related to the railcar. Our ability to lease or remarket leased railcars profitably is dependent on several factors, including, but not limited to, market and industry conditions, cost of, and demand for, competing used or newer models, availability of credit and the credit-worthiness of potential customers, costs associated with the refurbishment of the railcars, the market demand or governmental mandates for refurbishment, customers not defaulting on their leases, as well as market perceptions of residual values and interest rates. A downturn in the industries in which our lessees operate and decreased demand for railcars could also increase our exposure to remarketing risks because lessees may demand shorter lease terms, requiring us to remarket leased railcars more frequently. Furthermore, the resale market for previously leased railcars has a limited number of potential buyers. Our inability to lease, remarket or sell leased railcars on favorable terms could result in an adverse impact to our consolidated financial statements or affect our ability to sell leased railcars to investors in the future. 
 
 A limited availability of financing or higher interest rates could increase the cost of, or potentially deter, new leasing arrangements with our customers, reduce our ability to syndicate railcars under lease to financial institutions, or impact the sales price we may receive on such syndications, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20 

Some of our competitors are owned or financially supported by foreign governments and may sell products below cost or otherwise compete unfairly. 
 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive and we expect them to remain intensely competitive into the foreseeable future. Some of our competitors are owned or financially supported by foreign governments or sovereign wealth funds, and may potentially sell products and services below cost, or otherwise compete unfairly, in order to gain market share. The relative competitiveness of our manufacturing facilities and products affects our performance. A number of competitive factors challenge or affect our ability to compete successfully including the introduction of competitive products and new entrants into our markets, a limited customer base and price pressures such as unfair competition and increases in raw materials and labor costs. If we do not compete successfully, our market share, margin and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Fires, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, or severe or unusual weather conditions could disrupt our business and result in loss of revenue or higher expenses or decreased demand for wheel services. 
 
 Any serious disruption at any of our facilities due to pandemic, terrorism, fire, hurricane, earthquake, flood, other severe weather events or any other natural disaster could impair our ability to use our facilities and have a material adverse impact on our revenues and increase our costs and expenses. If there is a natural disaster or other serious disruption at any of our facilities, particularly at any of our Mexican or Arkansas facilities, it could impair our ability to adequately supply our customers, cause a significant disruption to our operations, cause us to incur significant costs to relocate or reestablish these functions and negatively impact our operating results. While we insure against certain business interruption risks, such insurance may not adequately compensate us for any losses incurred as a result of natural or other disasters. 
 
 Additionally, seasonal fluctuations in weather conditions may lead to greater variation in our quarterly operating results as unusually mild weather conditions will generally lead to lower demand for our wheel-related products and services. Unusually mild weather conditions throughout the year may reduce overall demand for our wheel-related products and maintenance services. If occurring for prolonged periods, such weather could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in the credit markets and the financial services industry could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 
 The credit markets and the financial services industry may experience volatility which can result in tighter availability of credit on more restrictive terms and limit our ability to sell railcar assets or to syndicate railcars to investors with leases attached. Our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted if our ability to borrow money to finance operations, obtain credit from trade creditors, obtain credit to maintain our hedging programs, offer leasing products to our customers or sell railcar assets were to be impaired. In addition, scarcity of capital could also adversely affect our customers ability to purchase, lease, or pay for products from us or adversely affect our suppliers ability to provide us with product. Any of these conditions or events could result in reductions in our revenues, increased price competition, or increased operating costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

21 

Risks Related to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Matters 
 
 Risks related to potential misconduct by employees may adversely impact us. 
 
 Our employees may engage in misconduct, fraud or other improper activities, including noncompliance with our policies or regulatory standards and requirements, which could subject us to regulatory sanctions and reputational damage and materially harm our business. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses, including risks associated with harassment, as well as whistleblower complaints and litigation. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in preventing misconduct by employees in the future. In addition, the investigation of alleged misconduct disrupts our operations and may harm the public s perception of our company, which may be costly. Any such events in the future may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Changes in, or failure to comply with, applicable regulations may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our company and the other participants in our industry are subject to regulation by governmental agencies. These authorities establish, interpret, and enforce rules and regulations for the railcar industry. New rules and regulations and shifting enforcement priorities of regulators could increase our operating costs and the operating costs of our customers. Changes to the process for obtaining regulatory approval in Europe for the operation of new or modified railcars may make it more difficult for us to deliver products timely and to comply with our sales contracts. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that we or our suppliers will be in compliance at all times and compliance may prove to be more costly and limiting than we currently anticipate and compliance requirements could increase in future years. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with applicable requirements and regulations, we could face sanctions and penalties that could negatively affect our financial results. 
 
 We have potential exposure to environmental liabilities, which could increase our operating costs or have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive national, state, foreign, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, air emissions, water discharge, solid waste and hazardous substances handling and disposal and employee health and safety. These laws and regulations are complex and frequently change. We could incur unexpected costs, penalties and other civil and criminal liability if we, or in certain circumstances others, fail to comply with environmental laws or permits issued pursuant to those laws. We also could incur costs or liabilities related to off-site waste disposal or remediating soil or groundwater contamination at our properties, including as set forth in Item 3, Legal Proceedings. In addition, future environmental laws and regulations may require significant capital expenditures or changes to our operations, or may impose liability on us in the future for actions that complied with then applicable laws and regulations when the action was taken. 
 
 Business, regulatory, and legal developments regarding climate change may affect the demand for our products or the ability of our critical suppliers to meet our needs. 
 
 Scientific studies have suggested that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases (GHGs) including carbon dioxide and methane, may be contributing to warming of the Earth s atmosphere and other climate changes. Legislation and new rules to regulate emission of GHGs have been introduced in numerous state legislatures, the U.S. Congress, and by the EPA. Some of these proposals would require industries to meet stringent new standards that may require substantial reporting of GHGs and other carbon intensive activities in addition to potentially mandating reductions in our carbon emissions. While we cannot assess the direct impact of these or other potential regulations, we recognize that new climate change reporting or compliance protocols could affect our operating costs, the demand for our products and/or affect the price of materials, input factors and manufactured components which could impact our margins. Other adverse consequences of climate change could include an increased frequency of severe weather events and rising sea levels that could affect operations at our manufacturing facilities, the price of insuring company assets, or other unforeseen disruptions of our operations, systems, property or equipment. 
 
 22 

Train derailments or other accidents or claims could subject us to legal claims that adversely impact our business, financial condition and our results of operations. 
 
 We provide a number of services which include the manufacture and supply of new railcars, wheels, components and parts and the lease and maintenance of railcars for our customers that transport a variety of commodities, including tank railcars that transport hazardous materials such as crude oil, ethanol and other products. In addition, we have a Regulatory Services Group which offers regulatory, engineering, process consulting and advocacy support to the tank car and petrochemical rail shipper community, among other services. We could be subject to various legal claims, including claims of negligence, personal injury, physical damage and product or service liability, or in some cases strict liability, as well as potential penalties and liability under environmental laws and regulations, in the event of a derailment or other accident involving railcars, including tank railcars whether resulting from natural disasters, human error, terrorism, or other causes. If we become subject to any such claims and are unable successfully to resolve them or maintain inadequate insurance for such claims, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our products may be sold to third parties who may misuse, improperly install or improperly or inadequately maintain or repair such products thereby potentially exposing us to claims that could increase our costs and weaken our financial condition. The products we manufacture are designed to work optimally when properly operated, installed, repaired, maintained and used to transport the intended cargo. When this does not occur, we may be subjected to claims or litigation associated with product damage, injuries or property damage that could increase our costs and weaken our financial condition. 
 
 Changes in or the implementation of accounting standards or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in the application of accounting policies could adversely affect our financial results . 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of our assets or liabilities and financial results and are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates, judgments and assumptions underlying the accompanying consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, income taxes, warranty accruals, environmental costs, and goodwill, among other estimates. If our accounting policies, methods, judgments, assumptions, estimates and allocations prove to be incorrect, or if circumstances change, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and our independent registered public accounting firm) may amend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in the revision of prior period financial statements. Changes in accounting standards can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Some of our customers place orders for our products in reliance on their ability to utilize tax benefits or tax credits any of which benefits or credits could be discontinued thereby reducing incentives for our customers to purchase our rail products. 
 
 There is no assurance that tax authorities will reauthorize, modify, or prevent the expiration of tax benefits, tax credits, or other policies aimed to incentivize the purchase of our products. If such incentives are discontinued or diminished, the demand for our products could decrease, thereby creating the potential for a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

23 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 
 Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to experience large fluctuations. 
 
 The price of our common stock has experienced rapid and significant price fluctuations. The price for our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to price and volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors, including the factors discussed elsewhere in these risk factors . A material decline in the price of our common stock may result in the assertion of certain claims against us, and/or the commencement of inquiries and/or investigations against us. A prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock, a reduction in our ability to raise capital, and the inability of investors to obtain a favorable selling price for their shares . Following periods of volatility in the market price of their stock, historically many companies have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we became involved in securities class action litigation in the future, it could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management s attention and our resources and could harm our stock price, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our current shareholders could experience dilution. 
 
 We require substantial working capital to fund our business. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities or convertible securities, the percentage ownership held by our shareholders would be reduced and the equity securities we issue may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock. Additionally, we have the option to settle outstanding convertible notes in cash, although if we opt not to or do not have the ability to settle outstanding convertible notes in cash, the conversion of some or all of our convertible notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon the conversion of the notes could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the notes may encourage short selling by market participants, because the conversion of the notes could depress the price of our common stock. 
 
 Certain provisions in our charter documents, Oregon law, and our debt instruments could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove members of our Board of directors and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, Oregon law, and contracts and debt instruments to which we are a party, contain certain provisions that could delay, defer or prevent an acquisition proposal that some, or a majority, of our shareholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which shareholders might receive a premium for their common stock over the then-prevailing market price. These provisions could also dissuade shareholders or third parties from contesting director elections and could cause investors to view our securities as less attractive investments and reduce the market price of our common stock. These provisions are described in further detail in Description of the Registrant s Securities Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 annexed as Exhibit 4.3 to this Annual Report. 
 
 Payments of cash dividends on our common stock may be made only at the discretion of our Board of Directors and may be restricted by Oregon law. 
 
 Any decision to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our operating results, strategic plans, capital requirements, financial condition, provisions of our borrowing arrangements and other factors our Board of Directors considers relevant. Furthermore, Oregon law imposes restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. Accordingly, we may not be able to continue to pay dividends in any given amount in the future, or at all. 
 
 Our business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of our business strategy and impact our stock price. 
 
 Shareholder activism which could take many forms, including potential proxy contests and public information campaigns continues to increase. Shareholder activism could result in substantial costs to the Company, give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with suppliers, customers, and regulators, make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, and adversely impact our stock price. 
 24 

Our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term shareholder value although we cannot guarantee this will occur and this program may be suspended or terminated at any time. 
 
 The Board of Directors has authorized our company to repurchase our common stock through a share repurchase program. Our share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Although the share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term shareholder value, we cannot provide assurance that this will occur. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our financial condition and profitability and we may take tax positions that the Internal Revenue Service or other tax authorities may contest. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required to be made in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Changes in estimates of projected future operating results, loss of deductibility of items, recapture of prior deductions (including related to interest on convertible notes), limitations on our ability to utilize tax net operating losses in the future or changes in assumptions regarding our ability to generate future taxable income could result in significant increases to our tax expense and liabilities that could adversely affect our financial condition and profitability. 
 
 We have in the past and may in the future take tax positions that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or other tax authorities may contest. We are required by an IRS regulation to disclose particular tax positions to the IRS as part of our tax returns for that year and future years. If the IRS or other tax authorities successfully contests a tax position that we take, we may be required to pay additional taxes, interest or fines that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 The use of social and other digital media to disseminate false, misleading and/or unreliable or inaccurate data and information could create unwarranted volatility in our stock price and losses to our shareholders and could adversely affect our reputation, products, business, and operating results. 
 
 A substantial number of people are relying on social and other digital media to receive news, data, and information. Social and other digital media can be used by anyone to publish data and information without regard for factual accuracy. The use of social and other digital media to publish inaccurate, offensive, and disparaging data and information coupled with the frequent use of strong language and hostile expression, may influence the public s inability to distinguish between what is true and what is false and could obstruct an effective and timely response to correct inaccuracies or falsifications. Such use of social and other digital media could result in unexpected and unsubstantiated claims concerning our business in general or our products, our leadership or our reputation among customers and the public at large, thereby making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and potentially having a material adverse effect on our business, operations, or financial condition. 
 25 

Item 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

Item 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

 We operate at the following primary facilities as of August 31, 2021: 

Description 
 
 Location 
 
 Status 

Manufacturing Segment 

Operating facilities: 
 
 6 locations in the United States 
 
 Owned 

3 locations in Mexico 
 
 Owned 2 locations 
 Leased 1 location 

3 locations in Poland 
 
 Owned 

3 locations in Romania 
 
 Owned 

1 location in Turkey 
 
 Owned 

Administrative offices: 
 
 2 locations in the United States 
 
 Leased 

Wheels, Repair & Parts Segment 

Operating facilities: 
 
 18 locations in the United States 

Leased 10 locations 
 Owned 8 locations 

Leasing & Services Segment 

Corporate offices, railcar marketing and leasing activities: 
 
 Lake Oswego, Oregon 
 
 Leased 

We believe that our facilities are in good condition and that the facilities, together with anticipated capital improvements and additions, are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. We continually evaluate our facilities in order to remain competitive and to take advantage of market opportunities. 

Item 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information disclosed in Note 21 - Commitments and Contingencies to Consolidated Financial Statements, Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Item 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 
 26 

Information about ou r Executive Officers 
 Current information regarding our executive officers is presented below. 
 William A. Furman, 77, is Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Furman has served as Chief Executive Officer since 1994, and as Chairman of the Board of Directors since January 2014. Mr. Furman was Vice President of the Company, or its predecessor company, from 1974 to 1994 and President of the Company from 1994 to 2019. 
 Martin R. Baker, 65, is Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer, a position he has held since joining the Company in May 2008. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Baker was Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Lattice Semiconductor Corporation. 
 Alejandro Centurion, 65, is Executive Vice President of the Company and President of Greenbrier Manufacturing Operations, a position he has held since January 2015. Mr. Centurion has served in various management positions for the Company since 2005, most recently as President of North American Manufacturing Operations. 
 Brian J. Comstock , 59, is Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial and Leasing Officer, a position he has held since January 2021. Mr. Comstock has served in various management positions for the Company since 1998, most recently as Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing 
 Adrian J. Downes, 58, is Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Downes has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since joining the Company in March 2013. Mr. Downes was promoted to Acting Chief Financial Officer in August 2018 and was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in May 2019. 
 Lorie L. Tekorius, 54, is President and Chief Operating Officer. Ms. Tekorius has served as Chief Operating Officer since August 2018 and was promoted to President in August 2019. Ms. Tekorius has served in various management positions for the Company since 1995, most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and prior to that, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 Executive officers are designated by the Board of Directors. No director or executive officer has a family relationship with any other director or executive officer of the Company. 
 
 27 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Our common stock has been traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GBX since July 14, 1994. There were approximately 550 holders of record of common stock as of October 20, 2021. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock. The share repurchase program has an expiration date of January 31, 2023. There were no share repurchases during the year ended August 31, 2021 under this program. The amount remaining for repurchase was 100.0 million as of August 31, 2021. 
 The Company repurchased 20.0 million of its common stock during 2021. These shares were repurchased, in privately negotiated transactions, as part of the Company s debt refinancing in April 2021 and were not associated with the Company s publicly announced share repurchase program described above. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph demonstrates a comparison of cumulative total returns for the Company's Common Stock, the Dow Jones U.S. Industrial Transportation Index and the Standard & Poor s (S&P) 500 Index. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on August 31, 2016 in each of the Company's Common Stock and the stocks comprising the indices. Each of the indices assumes that all dividends were reinvested and that the investment was maintained to and including August 31, 2021, the end of the Company s 2021 fiscal year. 
 28 

The comparisons in this table are required by the SEC, and therefore, are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our Common Stock. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information is hereby incorporated by reference to the Equity Compensation Plan Information table in Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which Proxy Statement is anticipated to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the Registrant s year ended August 31, 2021. 

Item 6. 
 
 REMOVED AND RESERVED 

29 

Item 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Executive Summary 
 
 The financial results for 2021 were representative of the challenges of the current market conditions. The decrease in operating profits compared to the prior year was primarily attributable to the cyclical decrease in economic activity in the freight rail equipment market which began prior to the emergence of COVID-19 (Cyclical Downturn). The Cyclical Downturn intensified due to the COVID-19 Events (as defined below). 
 
 Some of the challenges that have developed as a result of the Cyclical Downturn and COVID-19 Events include: 

Temporary decline in demand. 

An increase in the price and the shortage of certain materials and components. 

Shipping and transportation delays. 

Shortage of skilled labor. 

We have adhered to disciplined management through this crucial time. Our core strategy since March 2020 has been and continues to be to: 

1) 
 
 Maintain a strong liquidity base and balance sheet. 

2) 
 
 Continue efficient operations throughout the COVID-19 and economic crises by safely operating our facilities while generating cash. 

3) 
 
 Prepare for emerging economic recovery and forward momentum in our markets. We are currently operating in this phase. We believe we are well-positioned to navigate the immediate challenges of increasing production rates safely amidst the emerging COVID variants, while ensuring labor and supply chain continuity. 

We strengthened our financial position through strategic spending reductions which included reducing our selling and administrative expense by 12.9 million during 2021 compared to the prior year. 

30 

Despite the challenging operating environment, we achieved the following accomplishments in 2021: 

We progressively increased our earnings during the year. The growth in earnings was due to higher revenue associated with increased deliveries (see above) as we navigate the recovery phase and as we executed on the tax benefits allowable under the CARES Act. 

Obtained new railcar orders of 17,200 units valued at approximately 1.8 billion. 

Commenced operations of GBX Leasing to execute our leasing strategy to grow our owned portfolio of leased railcars primarily built by Greenbrier while generating an incremental annuity stream of tax-advantaged cash flows and reducing our exposure to the new railcar order and delivery cycle. Further to our leasing strategy, we closed a 300 million non-recourse warehouse credit facility and sold or contributed 197.1 million of rail assets to GBX Leasing bringing our aggregate lease fleet portfolios to 609.8 million. 

Opportunistically refinanced debt and credit facilities at favorable interest rates and extended maturities to strengthen our liquidity position and balance sheet. This included the following: 

o 
 
 We refinanced certain debt by issuing 374 million of new convertible notes due 2028 and retiring a total of 277 million of convertible notes due 2024. In connection with the refinancing, we repurchased 20 million of our common stock outside of our share repurchase program. 

o 
 
 We refinanced and extended our 600 million domestic revolving facility and 292 million term loan to 2026 while our Leasing & Services non-recourse 200 million term loan was refinanced and extended to 2027. 

Increased our backlog compared to the prior year by approximately 2,000 units and 390 million. 

31 

Manufacturing Backlog 
 
 As seen above, our backlog remains strong at August 31, 2021 with an increase in backlog value, units and average selling price compared to the prior year. In addition, our backlog includes railcar deliveries into 2025 and marine deliveries into 2023. Our railcar backlog was 26,600 units with an estimated value of 2.81 billion as of August 31, 2021. Backlog units for lease may be syndicated to third parties or held in our lease fleet depending on a variety of factors. Multi-year supply agreements are a part of rail industry practice. A portion of the orders included in backlog reflects an assumed product mix. Under terms of the orders, the exact mix and pricing will be determined in the future, which may impact backlog. Approximately 7 of backlog units and 6 of estimated backlog value as of August 31, 2021 was associated with our Brazilian manufacturing operations which is accounted for under the equity method. Marine backlog as of August 31, 2021 was 70 million. 
 Our backlog of railcar units and marine vessels is not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. Certain orders in backlog are subject to customary documentation and completion of terms. Customers may attempt to cancel or modify orders in backlog. Historically, little variation has been experienced between the quantity ordered and the quantity actually delivered, though the timing of deliveries may be modified from time to time. 
 
 COVID-19 and Global Economic Activity 
 
 We continue to actively monitor and manage the impacts on our business due to the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic, the recovery from the significant decline in global economic activity and governmental reactions to these historic events (COVID-19 Events). 
 
 The reopening of the economy has presented a mismatch of supply and demand, interruptions of supply lines, and inefficient or overloaded logistics platforms, among other factors that are causing the markets for the inputs to our business to fail to operate effectively or efficiently (including sectoral price inflation). Competition for, and costs related to recruiting and retaining, skilled labor are increasing. As described in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, COVID-19 Events may have a material negative impact on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and stock price. Beyond these general observations, we are unable to predict when, how, or with what magnitude COVID-19 Events will negatively impact our business. 
 
 32 

Financial Overview 
 
 Revenue, Cost of revenue, Margin and Earnings from operations (operating profit) presented below, include amounts from external parties and exclude intersegment activity that is eliminated in consolidation. 

Years ended August 31, 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

2021 

2020 

Revenue: 

Manufacturing 

1,329,987 

2,349,971 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

298,330 

324,670 

Leasing & Services 

119,664 

117,548 

1,747,981 

2,792,189 

Cost of revenue: 

Manufacturing 

1,189,246 

2,065,169 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

280,391 

302,189 

Leasing & Services 

46,737 

71,700 

1,516,374 

2,439,058 

Margin: 

Manufacturing 

140,741 

284,802 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

17,939 

22,481 

Leasing & Services 

72,927 

45,848 

231,607 

353,131 

Selling and administrative 

191,813 

204,706 

Net gain on disposition of equipment 

(1,176 

(20,004 

Earnings from operations 

40,970 

168,429 

Interest and foreign exchange 

43,263 

43,619 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

6,287 

Earnings (loss) before income tax and earnings from 
 unconsolidated affiliates 

(8,580 

124,810 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

40,223 

(40,184 

Earnings before earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

31,643 

84,626 

Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

3,491 

2,960 

Net earnings 

35,134 

87,586 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 

(2,657 

(38,619 

Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier 

32,477 

48,967 

Diluted earnings per common share 

0.96 

1.46 

Performance for our segments is evaluated based on operating profit. Corporate includes selling and administrative costs not directly related to goods and services and certain costs that are intertwined among segments due to our integrated business model. Management does not allocate Interest and foreign exchange or Income tax benefit (expense) for either external or internal reporting purposes. 

Years ended August 31, 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Operating profit (loss): 

Manufacturing 

67,124 

197,388 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

6,452 

9,032 

Leasing & Services 

50,021 

40,927 

Corporate 

(82,627 

(78,918 

40,970 

168,429 

33 

Consolidated Results 

Years ended August 31, 

2021 vs 2020 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Increase 
 (Decrease) 

Change 

Revenue 

1,747,981 

2,792,189 

(1,044,208 

(37.4 

Cost of revenue 

1,516,374 

2,439,058 

(922,684 

(37.8 

Margin ) 

13.2 

12.6 

0.6 

Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier 

32,477 

48,967 

(16,490 

(33.7 

Not meaningful 

Through our integrated business model, we provide a broad range of custom products and services in each of our segments, which have various average selling prices and margins. The demand for and mix of products and services delivered changes from period to period, which causes fluctuations in our results of operations. 
 
 The 37.4 decrease in revenue for the year ended August 31, 2021 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to a 43.4 decrease in Manufacturing revenue. The decrease in Manufacturing revenue was primarily attributed to a 43.2 decrease in railcar deliveries. 
 
 The 37.8 decrease in cost of revenue for the year ended August 31, 2021 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to a 42.4 decrease in Manufacturing cost of revenue. The decrease in Manufacturing cost of revenue was primarily attributed to a 43.2 decrease in railcar deliveries. 
 
 Margin as a percentage of revenue was 13.2 and 12.6 for years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The overall margin as a percentage of revenue was positively impacted by an increase in Leasing & Services margin by 21.9 primarily attributed to the benefit associated with lease modification and transfer fees on previously syndicated railcars during the year ended August 31, 2021. This was partially offset by a decrease in Manufacturing margin by 1.5 primarily attributed to operating at lower volumes and increased costs associated with operating our manufacturing facilities in the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 
 Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier is impacted by our operating activities and noncontrolling interest primarily associated with our 50 joint ventures at certain of our Mexican railcar manufacturing facilities and our 75 interest in Greenbrier-Astra Rail, each of which we consolidate for financial reporting purposes. The 16.5 million decrease in Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier for the year ended August 31, 2021 as compared to the prior year was primarily attributable to a decrease in margin due to a reduction in railcar deliveries. This was partially offset by the following: 

A tax benefit for the year ended August 31, 2021 primarily attributable to accelerated depreciation and the impact of the CARES Act which allows us to carry back tax losses to years when tax rates were higher, resulting in a tax benefit. 

Lower earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest for the year ended August 31, 2021. Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest are deducted from Net earnings and primarily represents our joint venture partner's share in the results of operations of our Mexican railcar manufacturing joint ventures, adjusted for intercompany sales, and our European partner s share of the results of our European operations. 

A decrease in Selling and administrative expense primarily due to strategic spending reductions. 

For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2020 compared to 2019 refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2020 Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2020. 
 34 

Manufacturing Segment 

Years ended August 31, 
 
 2021 vs 2020 

(In thousands, except railcar deliveries) 

2021 

2020 

Increase 
 (Decrease) 

Change 

Revenue 

1,329,987 

2,349,971 

(1,019,984 

(43.4 

Cost of revenue 

1,189,246 

2,065,169 

(875,923 

(42.4 

Margin ) 

10.6 

12.1 

(1.5 

Operating profit ) 

67,124 

197,388 

(130,264 

(66.0 

Operating profit ) 

5.0 

8.4 

(3.4 

Deliveries 

11,300 

19,900 

(8,600 

(43.2 

Not meaningful 

 Our Manufacturing segment primarily generates revenue from manufacturing a wide range of freight railcars through our facilities in North America and Europe. We also manufacture a broad range of ocean-going and river barges for transporting merchandise between ports within the United States. 
 Manufacturing revenue decreased 1.0 billion or 43.4 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease in revenue was primarily attributed to a 43.2 decrease in railcar deliveries. This was partially offset by the additional revenue associated with an increase in steel and other input costs during the year ended August 31, 2021, as many of our customer contracts include price escalation provisions when our manufacturing costs increase. 
 Manufacturing cost of revenue decreased 875.9 million or 42.4 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease in cost of revenue was primarily attributed to a 43.2 decrease in the volume of railcar deliveries. This was partially offset by an increase in steel and other input costs during the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 Manufacturing margin as a percentage of revenue decreased 1.5 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease in margin percentage was primarily attributed to operating at lower volumes and increased costs associated with operating our manufacturing facilities in the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 Manufacturing operating profit decreased 130.3 million or 66.0 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease in operating profit was primarily attributed to a decrease in railcar deliveries and increased costs associated with operating our manufacturing facilities during the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended August 31, 2021. These were partially offset by a decrease in selling and administrative expense as part of our strategic cost control initiatives during the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 35 

Wheels, Repair & Parts Segment 

Years ended August 31, 

2021 vs 2020 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Increase 
 (Decrease) 

Change 

Revenue 

298,330 

324,670 

(26,340 

(8.1 

Cost of revenue 

280,391 

302,189 

(21,798 

(7.2 

Margin ) 

6.0 

6.9 

(0.9 

Operating profit ) 

6,452 

9,032 

(2,580 

(28.6 

Operating profit ) 

2.2 

2.8 

(0.6 

Not meaningful 

 Our Wheels, Repair & Parts segment primarily generates revenue from railcar component manufacturing and servicing and from providing railcar maintenance services. 
 Wheels, Repair & Parts revenue decreased 26.3 million or 8.1 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributed to lower volumes due to lower demand. This was partially offset by higher revenues associated with an increase in scrap metal pricing as we scrap wheels and other components. 
 Wheels, Repair & Parts cost of revenue decreased 21.8 million or 7.2 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to lower costs associated with a reduction in volumes. 
 Wheels, Repair & Parts margin as a percentage of revenue decreased 0.9 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease in margin percentage was primarily attributed to operating at lower volumes and increased costs associated with operating our facilities during the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended August 31, 2021. This was partially offset by an increase in scrap metal pricing. 
 Wheels, Repair & Parts operating profit decreased 2.6 million or 28.6 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease in operating profit was primarily attributed to a reduction in volumes and increased costs associated with operating our facilities during the COVID-19 pandemic. These were partially offset by an increase in scrap metal pricing and a decrease in selling and administrative expense as part of our strategic cost control initiatives during the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 
 36 

Leasing & Services Segment 

Years ended August 31, 
 
 2021 vs 2020 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Increase 
 (Decrease) 

Change 

Revenue 

119,664 

117,548 

2,116 

1.8 

Cost of revenue 

46,737 

71,700 

(24,963 

(34.8 

Margin ) 

60.9 

39.0 

21.9 

Operating profit ) 

50,021 

40,927 

9,094 

22.2 

Operating profit ) 

41.8 

34.8 

7.0 

Not meaningful 

Our Leasing & Services segment generates revenue from leasing railcars from our lease fleet, providing various management services, interim rent on leased railcars for syndication, and the sale of railcars purchased from third parties with the intent to resell. The gross proceeds from the sale of these railcars are recorded in revenue and the costs of purchasing these railcars are recorded in cost of revenue. 
 
 In February 2021 we announced a refined leasing strategy to grow our owned portfolio of leased railcars. This creates an incremental annuity stream of tax-advantaged cash flows while reducing our exposure to the new railcar order and delivery cycle. We are currently executing the strategy through GBX Leasing, a joint venture which we own approximately 95 . GBX Leasing is consolidated for financial reporting purposes within the Leasing & Services segment. GBX Leasing is financed with non-recourse debt and levered approximately 3:1 debt to equity. We intend that GBX Leasing will aggregate leased railcars to obtain term or capital market financing. Greenbrier Management Services provides management services to the GBX Leasing fleet. 
 
 Leasing & Services revenue increased 2.1 million or 1.8 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to revenue in 2021 associated with lease modification and transfer fees on previously synd icated railcars. This was partially offset by a decrease in the sale of railcars which we had purchased from third parties with the intent to resell and lower interim rent on leased railcars for syndication during 2021 compared to the prior year. 
 
 Leasing & Services cost of revenue decreased 25.0 million or 34.8 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the volume of railcars sold that we purchased from third parties, lower transportation costs and a decrease in costs from a reduction in management services volume. 
 
 Leasing & Services margin as a percentage of revenue increased 21.9 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The increase in margin was primarily attributed to the income associated with lease modification and transfer fees on previously syndicated railcars during the year ended August 31, 2021. Margin as a percentage of revenue for the year ended August 31, 2020 was negatively impacted by higher sales of railcars that we purchased from third parties which have lower margin percentages. 
 
 Leasing & Services operating profit increased 9.1 million or 22.2 for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to the income associated with lease modification and transfer fees during the year ended August 31, 2021. This was partially offset by a reduction in net gain on disposition of equipment. 
 37 

Selling and Administrative 

Years ended August 31, 
 
 2021 vs 2020 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Increase 
 (Decrease) 

Change 

Selling and Administrative 

191,813 

204,706 

(12,893 

(6.3 

Selling and administrative expense was 191.8 million or 11.0 of revenue for the year ended August 31, 2021 and 204.7 million or 7.3 of revenue for the year ended August 31, 2020. 
 
 The 12.9 million decrease for the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year was primarily attributed to a decrease in controllable spending categories as part of our strategic cost control and liquidity initiatives and a decrease in the administrative fees paid to our joint venture partner in Mexico due to lower levels of activity. This was partially offset by a net increase in employee related costs due to higher incentive compensation expense in 2021 associated with current year financial performance. 
 Net Gain on Disposition of Equipment 
 Net gain on disposition of equipment was 1.2 million and 20.0 million for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net gain on disposition of equipment primarily includes the sale of assets from our lease fleet (Equipment on operating leases, net) that are periodically sold in the normal course of business in order to accommodate customer demand and to manage risk and liquidity and disposition of property, plant and equipment. 
 Interest and Foreign Exchange 
 Interest and foreign exchange expense was composed of the following: 

Years ended August 31, 

Increase (decrease) 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2021 vs 2020 

Interest and foreign exchange: 

Interest and other expense 

44,655 

42,386 

2,269 

Foreign exchange (gain) loss 

(1,392 

1,233 

(2,625 

43,263 

43,619 

(356 

The 0.4 million decrease in interest and foreign exchange expense during the year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the prior year was primarily attributed to the change in the Brazilian Real s and Mexican Peso s foreign exchange rate relative to the U.S. Dollar. This was partially offset by an increase in interest expense during the year ended August 31, 2021 from increased borrowings. 
 Net Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 
 Net loss on extinguishment of debt was 6.3 million for the year ended August 31, 2021, which primarily relates to the retirement of 227.3 million of our 2.875 convertible notes due 2024 and 50.0 million of our 2.25 convertible notes due 2024. 
 
 38 

Income Tax 
 In 2021 our income tax benefit was 40.2 million on 8.6 million of pre-tax loss. The tax benefit was primarily attributable to accelerated depreciation and impact of the CARES Act which allows us to carry back tax losses to years when tax rates were higher, resulting in a tax benefit. The tax benefit is primarily derived from the U.S. Federal tax rate differential between 2016 - 2017 tax rates of 35 and the current rate of 21 . 
 In 2020 our income tax expense was 40.2 million on 124.8 million of pre-tax earnings for an effective tax rate of 32.2 . The tax rate was primarily derived from the geographic mix of earnings as well as a net unfavorable discrete item related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates for our U.S. Dollar denominated foreign operations. 
 The effective tax rate can fluctuate year-to-year due to discrete items and changes in the mix of foreign and domestic pre-tax earnings. It can also fluctuate with changes in the proportion of pre-tax earnings attributable to our Mexican railcar manufacturing joint venture. The joint venture is treated as a partnership for tax purposes and, as a result, the partnership s entire pre-tax earnings are included in Earnings (loss) before income taxes and earnings (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates, whereas only our 50 share of the tax is included in Income tax benefit (expense). 
 Earnings From Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 Through unconsolidated affiliates we produce rail and industrial components and have an ownership stake in a railcar manufacturer in Brazil. We record the after-tax results from these unconsolidated affiliates. 
 Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates was 3.5 million for the year ended August 31, 2021 and primarily related to our rail component manufacturing operations and our railcar manufacturer in Brazil. Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates was 3.0 million for the year ended August 31, 2020 and primarily related to our rail component manufacturing operations. 
 Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 
 Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest was 2.7 million and 38.6 million for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which primarily represents our joint venture partner's share in the results of operations of our Mexican railcar manufacturing joint ventures, adjusted for intercompany sales, and our European partner s share of the results of our European operations. 
 
 39 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Years Ended August 31, 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(40,525 

272,261 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(117,760 

27,483 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(22,742 

216,455 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

10,336 

(12,599 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(170,691 

503,600 

We have been financed through cash generated from operations and borrowings. At August 31, 2021 cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash were 671.4 million, a decrease of 170.7 million from 842.1 million at the prior year end. 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 
 
 The change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a net change in working capital as we increase production rates and from higher steel and other input costs. The change in cash flow from operating activities was also due to a decrease in earnings in 2021 compared to the prior year due to lower volumes of operating activities and an increase in income tax receivable in 2021 primarily from accelerated depreciation and the impact of the CARES Act. 
 
 Cash Flows From Investing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities primarily related to capital expenditures net of proceeds from the sale of assets and investment activity with our unconsolidated affiliates. The change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily attributable to an increase in capital expenditures and a reduction in proceeds from the sale of assets. The increase in capital expenditures in 2021 primarily relate to additions to our lease fleet as part of our leasing strategy. 

Years ended August 31, 

(In millions) 

2021 

2020 

Capital expenditures: 

Leasing & Services 

(103.8 

(7.0 

Manufacturing 

(26.6 

(48.2 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

(8.6 

(11.7 

Total capital expenditures (gross) 

(139.0 

(66.9 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 

15.9 

83.5 

Total capital expenditures (net of proceeds) 

(123.1 

16.6 

Capital expenditures primarily relate to additions to our lease fleet and on-going investments into the safety and productivity of our facilities. Proceeds from the sale of assets primarily relate to sales of railcars from our lease fleet within Leasing & Services. Assets from our lease fleet are periodically sold in the normal course of business to accommodate customer demand and to manage risk and liquidity. 
 Capital expenditures for 2022 are expected to be approximately 275 million for Leasing & Services, approximately 55 million for Manufacturing and approximately 10 million for Wheels, Repair & Parts. Capital expenditures for 2022 primarily relate to continued investments into the safety and productivity of our facilities and additions to our lease fleet reflecting our enhanced leasing strategy . 
 
 Cash Flows From Financing Activities 
 
 The change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily attributed to proceeds from the issuance of debt, net of repayments, the repurchase of common stock and a change in the net activities with joint venture partners. 
 
 40 

During 2021, we refinanced certain debt by issuing 373.8 million of new convertible notes due 2028 and retiring a total of 277.3 million of convertible notes due 2024. We also renewed and extended our 600.0 million domestic revolving facility and 291.9 million term loan to 2026 and renewed and extended our Leasing & Services 200.0 million term loan until August 2027. 
 
 GBX Leasing commenced operations in April 2021 and closed on a 300.0 million non-recourse warehouse credit facility. As of August 31, 2021, there were 147.0 million in outstanding borrowings associated with this facility. 
 Dividend & Share Repurchase Program 
 
 A quarterly dividend of 0.27 per share was declared on October 21, 2021. 
 The Board of Directors has authorized our company to repurchase shares of our common stock. The share repurchase program has an expiration date of January 31, 2023. The amount remaining for repurchase was 100.0 million as of August 31, 2021. Under the share repurchase program, shares of common stock may be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions from time to time. The timing and amount of purchases will be based upon market conditions, securities law limitations and other factors. The program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares in any period. There were no shares repurchased under the share repurchase program during 2021 or 2020. 
 Cash, Borrowing Availability and Credit Facilities 
 As of August 31, 2021, we had 646.8 million in Cash and cash equivalents and 187.9 million in available borrowings. Our significant cash balance is part of our strategy to maintain strong liquidity as we navigate the uncertainties around the COVID-19 pandemic and emerging economic recovery. 
 Senior secured credit facilities, consisting of four components, aggregated to 1.05 billion as of August 31, 2021. We had an aggregate of 187.9 million available to draw down under committed credit facilities as of August 31, 2021. This amount consists of 106.5 million available on the North American credit facility, 26.4 million on the European credit facilities and 55.0 million on the Mexican credit facilities. 
 As of August 31, 2021, a 600.0 million revolving line of credit, maturing August 2026, secured by substantially all of our U.S. assets not otherwise pledged as security for term loans or the warehouse credit facility, was available to provide working capital and interim financing of equipment, principally for the Company s U.S. and Mexican operations. Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 1.50 or Prime plus 0.50 depending on the type of borrowing. Available borrowings under the credit facility are generally based on defined levels of eligible inventory, receivables, property, plant and equipment and leased equipment, as well as total debt to consolidated capitalization and fixed charges coverage ratios. 
 As of August 31, 2021, a 300.0 million non-recourse warehouse credit facility existed to support the operations of GBX Leasing, a joint venture in which we own approximately 95 . Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.0 . The warehouse credit facility converts to a term loan in April 2023 which matures in April 2025. As of August 31, 2021, there were 147.0 million in outstanding borrowings associated with this facility. We intend that GBX Leasing will aggregate leased railcars to obtain term or capital market financing. 
 As of August 31, 2021, lines of credit totaling 76.6 million secured by certain of our European assets, with variable rates that range from Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate (WIBOR) plus 1.2 to WIBOR plus 1.5 and Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) plus 1.1 , were available for working capital needs of our European manufacturing operations. The European lines of credit include 39.0 million which are guaranteed by us. European credit facilities are regularly renewed. Currently, these European credit facilities have maturities that range from June 2022 through October 2023. 
 As of August 31, 2021, our Mexican railcar manufacturing operations had three lines of credit totaling 70.0 million. The first line of credit provides up to 30.0 million, of which we and our joint venture partner have each guaranteed 50 . Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 3.75 to 4.25 . The Mexican railcar manufacturing joint venture will be able to draw amounts available under this facility through June 2024. The second line of credit 
 41 

provides up to 35.0 million, of which we and our joint venture partner have each guaranteed 50 . Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 3.70 . The Mexican railcar manufacturing joint venture will be able to draw amounts available under this facility through June 2023. The third line of credit provides up to 5.0 million and matures in September 2022. Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.95 and are to be used for working capital needs. 
 As of August 31, 2021, outstanding commitments under the senior secured credit facilities consisted of 160.0 million in borrowings and 8.4 million in letters of credit under the North American credit facility, 50.2 million outstanding under the European credit facilities and 15.0 million outstanding under the Mexican credit facilities. 
 Other Information 
 
 The revolving and operating lines of credit, along with notes payable, contain covenants with respect to us and our various subsidiaries, the most restrictive of which, among other things, limit our ability to: incur additional indebtedness or guarantees pay dividends or repurchase stock enter into financing leases create liens sell assets engage in transactions with affiliates, including joint ventures and non U.S. subsidiaries, including but not limited to loans, advances, equity investments and guarantees enter into mergers, consolidations or sales of substantially all our assets and enter into new lines of business. The covenants also require certain maximum ratios of debt to total capitalization and minimum levels of fixed charges (interest plus rent) coverage. As of August 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all such restrictive covenants. 
 From time to time, we may seek to repurchase or otherwise retire or exchange securities, including outstanding convertible notes, borrowings and equity securities, and take other steps to reduce our debt, extend the maturities of our debt or otherwise improve our balance sheet. These actions may include open market repurchases, unsolicited or solicited privately negotiated transactions or other retirements, repurchases or exchanges. Such retirements, repurchases or exchanges of one note or security for another note or security (now or hereafter existing), if any, will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, prevailing market conditions, trading levels of our debt, our liquidity requirements and contractual restrictions, if applicable. The amounts involved in any such transactions may, individually or in the aggregate, be material and may involve all or a portion of a particular series of notes or other indebtedness which may reduce the float and impact the trading market of notes or other indebtedness which remain outstanding. We repurchased 20.0 million of our company s common stock during 2021. These shares were repurchased, in privately negotiated transactions, as part of our debt refinancing in April 2021 and were not associated with our publicly announced share repurchase program. 
 We have global operations that conduct business in their local currencies as well as other currencies. To mitigate the exposure to transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency, we enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts with established financial institutions to protect the margin on a portion of foreign currency sales in firm backlog. Given the strong credit standing of the counterparties, no provision has been made for credit loss due to counterparty non-performance. 
 We expect existing funds and cash generated from operations, together with proceeds from financing activities including borrowings under existing credit facilities and long-term financings, to be sufficient to fund expected debt repayments, working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, additional investments in our unconsolidated affiliates and dividends during the next twelve months. 
 The following table shows our estimated future contractual cash obligations as of August 31, 2021: 

Years Ending August 31, 

(In thousands) 

Total 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Notes payable 

915,525 

18,907 

22,147 

69,632 

21,831 

244,258 

538,750 

Interest (1) 

133,961 

23,841 

22,581 

21,450 

20,287 

19,215 

26,587 

Railcar & operating leases 

48,285 

9,643 

8,809 

7,518 

5,070 

3,795 

13,450 

Revolving notes 

372,176 

372,176 

1,469,947 

424,567 

53,537 

98,600 

47,188 

267,268 

578,787 

(1) 
 
 A portion of the estimated future cash obligation relates to interest on variable rate borrowings. 

42 

Due to uncertainty with respect to the timing of future cash flows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits at August 31, 2021, we are unable to estimate the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authority. Therefore, approximately 2.0 million in uncertain tax positions, including interest, have been excluded from the contractual table above. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on income taxes. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not currently have off balance sheet arrangements that have or are likely to have a material current or future effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires judgment on the part of management to arrive at estimates and assumptions on matters that are inherently uncertain. These estimates may affect the amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities within the financial statements. Estimates and assumptions are periodically evaluated and may be adjusted in future periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Income taxes - The asset and liability method is used to account for income taxes. We are required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred tax assets and assess deferred tax liabilities based on enacted law and tax rates for each tax jurisdiction to determine the amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary effects of differences between assets and liabilities recognized for financial statement and income tax reporting purposes. Valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will more likely than not be realized. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on whether evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit. 
 It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate whether a valuation allowance or uncertain tax position is necessary. In making this assessment, management may analyze future taxable income, reversing temporary differences and/or ongoing tax planning strategies. Should a change in circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the realizability of deferred tax assets in future years, the Company would adjust related valuation allowances in the period that the change in circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or charge to income. Changes in tax law or court interpretations may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. For further information regarding income taxes, see Note 17 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Warranty accruals - Warranty costs to cover a defined warranty period are estimated and charged to operations. The estimated warranty cost is based on historical warranty claims for each particular product type. For new product types without a warranty history, preliminary estimates are based on historical information for similar product types. 
 These estimates are inherently uncertain as they are based on historical data for existing products and judgment for new products. If warranty claims are made in the current period for issues that have not historically been the subject of warranty claims and were not taken into consideration in establishing the accrual or if claims for issues already considered in establishing the accrual exceed expectations, warranty expense may exceed the accrual for that particular product. Conversely, there is the possibility that claims may be lower than estimates. The warranty accrual is periodically reviewed and updated based on warranty trends. However, as we cannot predict future claims, the potential exists for the difference in any one reporting period to be material. For further information regarding the warranty accrual, see Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Environmental costs - At times we may be involved in various proceedings related to environmental matters. We estimate future costs for known environmental remediation requirements and accrue for them when it is probable that we have incurred a liability and the related costs can be reasonably estimated based on currently available information. Adjustments to these liabilities are made when additional information becomes available that affects the estimated costs to study or remediate any environmental issues or when expenditures for which reserves are established are made. 
 43 

Judgments used in determining if a liability is estimable are subjective and based on known facts and our historic experience. If further developments in or resolution of an environmental matter result in facts and circumstances that differ from those assumptions used to develop these reserves, the accrual for environmental remediation could be materially understated or overstated. Due to the uncertain nature of environmental matters, there can be no assurance that we will not become involved in future litigation or other proceedings or, if we were found to be responsible or liable in any litigation or proceeding, that such costs would not be material to us. For further information regarding our environmental costs, see Note 21 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Goodwill - In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (ASC 350), the Company evaluates goodwill for possible impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The Company uses a two-step process to assess the realizability of goodwill. The first step is a qualitative assessment that analyzes current economic indicators associated with a particular reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates a stable or improved fair value, no further testing is required. If a qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company will proceed to the quantitative second step where the fair value of a reporting unit is calculated based on weighted income and market-based approaches. 
 
 If the fair value of a reporting unit is lower than its carrying value, an impairment to goodwill is recorded, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill in the reporting unit. We performed our annual goodwill impairment test during the third quarter of 2021 and concluded that goodwill for all reporting units was not impaired. 
 
 Pursuant to the authoritative guidance, we make certain judgments and assumptions to determine our reporting units, which determines the carrying values for each reporting unit. Judgments related to qualitative factors include changes in economic considerations, market and industry trends, business strategy, cost factors, and financial performance, among others, to determine if there are indicators of a significant decline in the fair value of a particular reporting unit. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 44 

Item 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 We have global operations that conduct business in their local currencies as well as other currencies. To mitigate the exposure to transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of each entity, we enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to protect revenue or margin on a portion of forecasted foreign currency sales and expenses. At August 31, 2021 exchange rates, notional amounts of forward exchange contracts for the purchase of Polish Zlotys and the sale of Euros aggregated to 74.2 million. Because of the variety of currencies in which purchases and sales are transacted and the interaction between currency rates, it is not possible to predict the impact of a movement in a single foreign currency exchange rate would have on future operating results. 
 
 In addition to exposure to transaction gains or losses, we are also exposed to foreign currency exchange risk related to the net asset position of our foreign subsidiaries. At August 31, 2021, net assets of foreign subsidiaries aggregated 394.9 million and a 10 strengthening of the U.S. Dollar relative to the foreign currencies would result in a decrease in equity of 39.5 million, or 3.0 of Total equity - Greenbrier. This calculation assumes that each exchange rate would change in the same direction relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We have managed a portion of our variable rate debt with interest rate swap agreements, effectively converting 237.2 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. Notwithstanding these interest rate swap agreements, we are still exposed to interest rate risk relating to our revolving debt and a portion of term debt, which are at variable rates. At August 31, 2021, 49 of our outstanding debt had fixed rates and 51 had variable rates. At August 31, 2021, a uniform 10 increase in variable interest rates would result in approximately 0.7 million of additional annual interest expense. 
 45 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors The Greenbrier Companies, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated October 26, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of September 1, 2019, due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases , and related amendments. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

46 

Qualitative goodwill impairment assessment of the European Manufacturing and Wheels & Parts reporting units 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the goodwill balance as of August 31, 2021 was 132.1 million, of which 32.1 million related to the European Manufacturing reporting unit and 43.3 million related to the Wheels & Parts reporting unit. The Company performs goodwill impairment testing on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit likely exceeds its fair value using either a qualitative or a quantitative assessment. If the qualitative assessment is performed and the Company determines that fair value of each reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its carrying value, no further assessment is necessary. The Company performed a qualitative assessment for the European Manufacturing and Wheels & Parts reporting units. For the annual impairment test that occurred during 2021, the Company performed a qualitative assessment to test the goodwill related to its European Manufacturing and Wheels & Parts reporting units. 
 We identified the evaluation of the Company s qualitative assessment that it was more likely than not the fair value of the European Manufacturing and Wheels & Parts reporting units exceeded their carrying values as a critical audit matter. There was subjective auditor judgement in evaluating the impact of (1) macroeconomic considerations, as well as industry and market trends included in the Company s goodwill impairment assessment, and (2) the business strategy, including management s cost reduction initiatives on the reporting units actual financial results. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the goodwill impairment process. This included controls related to the evaluation of the qualitative factors used by the Company to assess the European Manufacturing and Wheels & Parts reporting units that are noted above. We evaluated the Company s assessment of the macroeconomic considerations, as well as industry and market trends by comparing them to publicly available industry and market information. We evaluated the business strategy, including management s cost reduction initiatives, by assessing: 

cost savings resulting from current year actions on the reporting units actual financial results 

the Company s stated reasons for choosing a particular course of action 

the Company s ability to carry out a particular course of action 

 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 
 Portland, Oregon 
 October 26, 2021 
 47 

Item 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of August 31, 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Income tax receivable 

Inventories 

Leased railcars for syndication 

Equipment on operating leases, net 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliates 

Intangibles and other assets, net 

Goodwill 

Liabilities and Equity 

Revolving notes 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Deferred revenue 

Notes payable, net 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 20 & 21) 

Contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest 

Equity: 

Greenbrier 

Preferred stock - without par value shares authorized 
 outstanding 

Common stock - without par value shares authorized 
 and outstanding at August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total equity - Greenbrier 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years ended August 31, 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Revenue 

Manufacturing 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

Leasing & Services 

Cost of revenue 

Manufacturing 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

Leasing & Services 

Margin 

Selling and administrative 

Net gain on disposition of equipment 

Goodwill impairment 

Earnings from operations 

Other costs 

Interest and foreign exchange 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

Earnings (loss) before income tax and earnings (loss) from 
 unconsolidated affiliates 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Earnings before earnings (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates 

Earnings (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates 

Net earnings 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

Weighted average common shares 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years ended August 31, 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Translation adjustment 

Reclassification of derivative financial instruments recognized 
 in net earnings 1 

Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative financial instruments 2 

Other (net of tax effect) 

Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive income attributable to Greenbrier 

1 
 
 million), million) and million) for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively 

2 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 50 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 

Attributable to Greenbrier 

(In thousands) 

Common 
 Stock 
 Shares 

Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 

Retained 
 Earnings 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 

Total 
 Equity - 
 Greenbrier 

Noncontrolling 
 Interest 

Total Equity 

Contingently 
 Redeemable 
 Noncontrolling 
 Interest 

Balance August 31, 2018 

Cumulative effect adjustment due 
 to the adoption of Topic 606 (See Note 2) 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss, net 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments 

Joint venture partner distribution declared 

Noncontrolling interest acquired 

Restricted stock awards (net of 
 cancellations) 

Unamortized restricted stock 

Restricted stock amortization 

Cash dividends per share) 

Convertible Senior Notes, due 
 2024 - equity component,net of tax 

Balance August 31, 2019 

Cumulative effect adjustment 
 due to the adoption of 
 Topic 842 (See Note 2) 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments 

Joint venture partner distribution declared 

Noncontrolling interest acquired 

Restricted stock awards (net of 
 cancellations) 

Unamortized restricted stock 

Restricted stock amortization 

Cash dividends per share) 

Balance August 31, 2020 

Cumulative effect adjustment due to 
 adoption of ASU 2016-13 (See Note 2) 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments 

Joint venture partner distribution declared 

Investment by joint venture partner 

Restricted stock awards (net of 
 cancellations) 

Unamortized restricted stock 

Restricted stock amortization 

Repurchase of stock 

Convertible senior notes, due 
 2028 - equity component, net of tax 

Convertible senior notes, 
 due 2028 issuance costs - equity 
 component, net of tax 

Convertible senior notes, 
 due 2024 - equity component 
 extinguishment, net of tax 

Convertible Senior Notes, 
 due 2024 - equity component, 
 net of tax 

Cash dividends per share) 

Balance August 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 51 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended August 31, 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by (used in) 
 operating activities: 

Deferred income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net gain on disposition of equipment 

Stock based compensation expense 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

Accretion of debt discount 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments 

Goodwill impairment 

Other 

Decrease (increase) in assets: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Income tax receivable 

Inventories 

Leased railcars for syndication 

Other assets 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Proceeds from sales of assets 

Capital expenditures 

Investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates 

Cash distribution from unconsolidated affiliates and other 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net changes in revolving notes with maturities of 90 days or less 

Proceeds from revolving notes with maturities longer than 90 days 

Repayments of revolving notes with maturities longer than 90 days 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 

Repayments of notes payable 

Debt issuance costs 

Repurchase of stock 

Dividends 

Cash distribution to joint venture partner 

Investment by joint venture partner 

Tax payments for net share settlement of restricted stock 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Balance Sheet Reconciliation 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as presented above 

Cash paid during the period for 

Interest 

Income taxes, net 

Non-cash activity 

Issuance of Convertible notes in connection with the acquisition of the 
 manufacturing business of ARI 

Transfer from Leased railcars for syndication and Inventories to 
 Equipment on operating leases, net 

Capital expenditures accrued in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Change in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities associated with 
 dividends declared 

Change in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities associated with cash 
 distributions to joint venture partner 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 
 52 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements reportable segments: Manufacturing Wheels, Repair & Parts and Leasing & Services. The segments are operationally integrated. The Manufacturing segment, which currently operates from facilities in the U.S., Mexico, Poland, Romania and Turkey, produces double-stack intermodal railcars, tank cars, conventional railcars, automotive railcar products and marine vessels. The Wheels, Repair & Parts segment performs wheel and axle servicing, railcar maintenance and produces a variety of parts for the rail industry in North America. The Leasing & Services segment, which includes GBX Leasing, owns approximately railcars as of August 31, 2021. The Company also provides management services for approximately railcars for railroads, shippers, carriers, institutional investors and other leasing and transportation companies in North America as of August 31, 2021. Through unconsolidated affiliates the Company produces rail and industrial components and has an ownership stake in a railcar manufacturer in Brazil . 
 million, million and million as of August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively million and million as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

As of August 31, 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Balance at beginning of period 

Additions, net of reversals 

Usage 

Currency translation effect 

Balance at end of period 

53 
 
 . Management periodically reviews salvage value estimates based on current scrap prices and what the Company expects to receive upon disposal. interest in Greenbrier-Maxion, interest in Amsted-Maxion Cruzeiro (which owns of Greenbrier-Maxion), interest in Greenbrier Railcar Funding I LLC and interest in Axis, LLC. 
 - 

Machinery and equipment 

- 

Other 

- 

years. Other assets include nonqualified savings plan investments, and revolving note fees which are capitalized and amortized as interest expense over the life of the related borrowings. impairment of long-lived assets was recorded in the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 54 
 
 interest in the joint venture. The financial results of this operation are consolidated for financial reporting purposes as the Company maintains a controlling interest as evidenced by the right to appoint the majority of the Board of Directors, control over accounting, financing, marketing and engineering and approval and design of products. The noncontrolling interest related to the partner s interest in the joint venture is included in Noncontrolling interest in the equity section of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Greenbrier-Astra Rail was formed in 2017 between the Company s existing European operations headquartered in Swidnica, Poland and Astra Rail, based in Arad, Romania. Greenbrier-Astra Rail is controlled by the Company with an approximate interest. Astra Rail also received a put option to sell its entire noncontrolling interest to Greenbrier at an exercise price equal to the higher of fair value or a defined EBITDA multiple as measured on the exercise date. The option is exercisable 30 business days prior to and up until June 1, 2022. The Company consolidates Greenbrier-Astra Rail for financial reporting purposes and includes the noncontrolling interest in the mezzanine section of the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest. The carrying value of the noncontrolling interest cannot be less than the maximum redemption amount, which is the amount Greenbrier will settle the put option for if exercised. Adjustments to reconcile the carrying value to the maximum redemption amount are recorded to retained earnings. 
 In August 2018, Greenbrier-Astra Rail entered into an agreement to take an approximately ownership stake in Rayvag, a railcar manufacturing company based in Adana, Turkey. Rayvag is controlled by the Company. The Company consolidates Rayvag for financial reporting purposes. The noncontrolling interest related to the partner s interest is included in Noncontrolling interest in the equity section of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income represents the Company s partners share of results from operations. 
 55 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other 
 comprehensive loss 

Balance, August 31, 2021 

Revenue and Cost of revenue 

Interest rate swap contracts 

Interest and foreign exchange 

Total before tax 

Tax expense 

Net of tax 

56 

Foreign exchange (gain) loss 

million, million and million, respectively, included in Selling and administrative expenses. 
 57 
 
 Convertible notes, 2024 Convertible notes, restricted stock units that are not considered participating securities and performance-based restricted stock units subject to performance criteria. million, million and million, respectively and was recorded in Selling and administrative and Cost of revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Restricted stock units and restricted stock awards are accounted for as equity based awards (see Note 14 - Equity). million at September 1, 2018. Other adjustments recorded to the September 1, 2018 opening balance sheet were not material. The adoption of the new revenue standard did not have a material effect on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet or Statement of Income. 
 Lease accounting 
 On , the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases and related amendments (Topic 842). The new guidance supersedes existing guidance on accounting for leases in Topic 840 and is intended to increase the transparency and comparability of accounting for lease transactions. Topic 842 requires most leases to be recognized on the balance sheet by recording a right-of-use (ROU) asset and a lease liability. The liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. For income statement purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Lessor accounting remains similar to the prior model, but updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and Topic 606. 
 The Company adopted the provisions of the new standard using the modified retrospective adoption method, utilizing the simplified transition option which allows entities to continue to apply the legacy guidance in Topic 840 in the comparative periods presented in the year of adoption. The Company elected the package of practical expedients, 
 58 
 
 and million, respectively, as of September 1, 2019. The Company also recognized an immaterial finance lease asset and corresponding lease liability. Additionally, the Company derecognized certain existing property, plant and equipment and deferred revenue for railcar transactions previously not qualifying as sales due to continuing involvement, that now qualify as sales under the new guidance. The gain associated with this change in accounting, was mostly offset by the recognition of a new guarantee liability. The adoption of this new standard also required the Company to eliminate deferred gains associated with certain sale-leaseback transactions. A cumulative-effect adjustment of million was recorded as an increase to retained earnings as of September 1, 2019. 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
 In August 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging: Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities (ASU 2017-12). This update improves the financial reporting of hedging relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity's risk management activities in its financial statements and make certain targeted improvements to simplify the application of the hedge accounting guidance. The guidance expands the ability to qualify for hedge accounting for non-financial and financial risk components, reduces complexity in fair value hedges of interest rate risk and eliminates the requirement to separately measure and report hedge ineffectiveness, as well as eases certain hedge effectiveness assessment requirements. The Company adopted this guidance effective and it did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (ASU 2016-13). This update introduced a new model for recognizing credit losses on financial instruments based on an estimate of current expected credit losses. The new guidance applies to loans, accounts receivable, trade receivables, other financial assets measured at amortized cost, loan commitments and other off-balance sheet credit exposures. The new guidance also applies to debt securities and other financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (loss). The new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance beginning . The Company estimated the expected lifetime credit loss by pooling financial instruments based on similar characteristics. Expected losses were then estimated using historical loss information and aging considerations, as well as other information such as the current and future economic conditions of its customers and the end markets in which they operate. The Company adopted this guidance using a modified retrospective approach through a cumulative effect adjustment, which decreased opening retained earnings by million on September 1, 2020. The ongoing application of ASU 2016-13 is not expected to materially impact the Company s consolidated financial statements. million reduction to Retained earnings. The Company expects the impact of adoption to result in a reduction to Additional paid in capital of approximately million related to amounts attributable to conversion options that had 
 59 
 
 million. Additionally, the Company expects to record an increase to its convertible notes balance by an aggregate amount of approximately million as a result of reversal of the separation of the convertible debt between debt and equity. The Company anticipate s the ongoing impact will reduce reported interest expense, increase reported net income, and result in a change in the calculation of EPS to use the if-converted method to calculate diluted EPS, which is expected to be incrementally dilutive compared to the Company s current accounting treatment. There is no expected impact to the Company s cash flows as the result of the adoption. 
 Simplification of Accounting for Income Taxes 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 for: recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intra-period allocations and calculating taxes in interim periods. The ASU also improves consistent application of GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance to reduce complexity in certain areas, including recognizing deferred taxes for tax goodwill and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company plans to adopt this guidance beginning September 1, 2021. The Company does not expect the new guidance to have a material impact on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting , which provides practical expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The elective amendments provide expedients to contract modification, affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The expedients and exceptions provided by this guidance apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference the London interbank offered rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued as a result of reference rate reform. This guidance is not applicable to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022. The guidance can be applied immediately through December 31, 2022. The Company expects to adopt this standard when LIBOR is discontinued if there is a mismatch in our interest rate swap and derivatives for a period of time. The Company does not expect a material impact to its financial condition, results of operations or disclosures based on the current debt portfolio and capital structure. 

Contract assets 

Inventories 

Contract liabilities 1 

Deferred revenue 

1 

For the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in Contract liabilities as of August 31, 2020. 
 60 

Manufacturing Marine 

Services 

Other 

Manufacturing Railcars intended for syndication 1 

1 

Based on current production and delivery schedules and existing contracts, approximately billion of the Railcar sales amount is expected to be recognized in the next 12 months while the remaining amount is expected to be recognized through 2025. The table above excludes estimated revenue to be recognized at the Company s Brazilian manufacturing operations, as they are accounted for under the equity method. 
 
 Revenue amounts reflected in Railcars intended for syndication may be syndicated to third parties or held in the Company s fleet depending on a variety of factors. 
 
 Marine revenue is expected to be recognized through 2023 as vessel construction is completed. 
 
 Services includes management and maintenance services of which approximately are expected to be performed through 2026 and the remaining amount through 2037. million. In connection with the acquisition, the Company acquired railcar manufacturing facilities in Arkansas, as well as other facilities which produce a range of railcar components and parts and create enhanced vertical integration for our manufacturing operations. The purchase price included approximately million for capital expenditures on railcar lining operations and other facility improvements. Included in the acquisition were equity interests in two railcar component manufacturing businesses which Greenbrier accounts for under the equity method of accounting and recognized at their respective fair value as investments in unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 For the year ended August 31, 2019, the operations contributed by ARI s manufacturing business generated revenues of million and a loss from operations of million, which are reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements as part of the Manufacturing segment. 
 
 61 

Inventories 

Property, plant and equipment 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

Intangibles and other assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

The identified intangible assets assumed in the acquisition were recognized as follows: 

9 

Customer and supplier relationships 

7 

Identified intangible assets subject to amortization 

Other identified intangible assets not subject to amortization 

Total identified intangible assets 

In accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations , the following unaudited pro forma financial information summarizes the combined operating results of Greenbrier and ARI s manufacturing business as if the acquisition of ARI s manufacturing business occurred on September 1, 2018. In addition, this unaudited pro forma financial information includes acquisition-related adjustments including depreciation expense to reflect the increased fair value of property, plant and equipment, amortization expense related to identified intangible assets, interest expense on the million convertible senior note and million senior term debt issued, and the related income tax effects. This unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and does not include adjustments relating to the Company s expected cost-savings and other synergies, and as such, is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had occurred on September 1, 2018 or of results that may occur in the future. 

Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

62 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Excess and obsolete adjustment 

Charge to cost of revenue 

Disposition of inventory 

Currency translation effect 

Balance at end of period 

Machinery and equipment 

Buildings and improvements 

Construction in progress 

Other 

Accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Translation and other adjustments 

Balance August 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 

Goodwill 

Gross goodwill balance before accumulated goodwill impairment losses and other 
 reductions 

Accumulated goodwill impairment losses 

Accumulated other reductions 

Balance August 31, 2021 

63 
 
 million and the Europe Manufacturing reporting unit with a goodwill balance of million. 
 
 Based on the results of the Company s annual impairment test, we concluded that goodwill was not impaired. 

Accumulated amortization 

Other intangible assets 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets not subject to amortization 

Prepaid and other assets 

Operating lease ROU assets 

Nonqualified savings plan investments 

Debt issuance costs, net 

Assets held for sale 

Amortization expense for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. As of August 31, 2021, amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average remaining useful life of years. Amortization expense for the years ending August 31, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026 is expected to be million, million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 64 
 
 components, aggregated to billion as of August 31, 2021. 
 As of August 31, 2021, a million revolving line of credit, maturing , secured by substantially all the Company s U.S. assets not otherwise pledged as security for term loans or the warehouse credit facility, existed to provide working capital and interim financing of equipment, principally for the Company s U.S. and Mexican operations. Advances under this North American credit facility bear interest at LIBOR plus or Prime plus depending on the type of borrowing. Available borrowings under the credit facility are generally based on defined levels of eligible inventory, receivables, property, plant and equipment and leased equipment, as well as total debt to consolidated capitalization and fixed charges coverage ratios. On August 27, 2021, this revolving line of credit was renewed on similar terms with an extension of the maturity date from to . 
 As of August 31, 2021, a million non-recourse warehouse credit facility existed to support the operations of GBX Leasing, a joint venture in which the Company owns approximately . Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus . The warehouse credit facility converts to a term loan in April 2023 which matures in . 
 As of August 31, 2021, lines of credit totaling million secured by certain of the Company s European assets, with variable rates that range from Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate (WIBOR) plus to WIBOR plus and Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) plus , were available for working capital needs of the Company s European manufacturing operations. The European lines of credit include million which are guaranteed by the Company. European credit facilities are regularly renewed. Currently, these European credit facilities have maturities that range from through . 
 As of August 31, 2021, the Company s Mexican railcar manufacturing operations had lines of credit totaling million. The first line of credit provides up to million, of which the Company and its joint venture partner have each guaranteed . Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus to . The Mexican railcar manufacturing joint venture will be able to draw amounts available under this facility through . The second line of credit provides up to million, of which the Company and its joint venture partner have each guaranteed . Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus . The Mexican railcar manufacturing joint venture will be able to draw amounts available under this facility through . The third line of credit provides up to million and matures in . Advances under this facility bear interest at LIBOR plus and are to be used for working capital needs. 

GBX Leasing 

Europe 

Mexico 

Total Revolving notes 

Outstanding commitments under the North American credit facility included letters of credit which totaled million and million as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of August 31, 2021, the Company had an aggregate of million available to draw down under committed credit facilities. 
 65 

Other accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued payroll and related liabilities 

Accrued warranty 

Charged to cost of revenue 

Acquisition 

Payments 

Currency translation effect 

Balance at end of period 

2.875 Convertible senior notes, due 2028 

2.875 Convertible senior notes, due 2024 

2.25 Convertible senior notes, due 2024 

Other notes payable 

Debt discount and issuance costs 

Term loans are primarily composed of: 

million of senior term debt, with a maturity date of . The debt bears a floating interest rate of LIBOR plus with principal of million paid quarterly in arrears and a balloon payment of million due at maturity. An interest rate swap agreement covers approximately of the initial balance to swap the floating interest rate of LIBOR plus to a fixed rate of . The principal balance as of August 31, 2021 was million. 

million of senior term debt, with a maturity date of , which is secured by a pool of leased railcars. The debt bears a floating interest rate of LIBOR plus with principal of million paid quarterly in arrears and a balloon payment of million due at maturity. An interest rate swap agreement covers approximately of the initial balance to swap the floating interest rate of LIBOR plus to a fixed rate of . The principal balance as of August 31, 2021 was million. 

Other term loan with an aggregate balance of million as of August 31, 2021 and a maturity date of September 2022. 

66 
 
 million of convertible senior notes, due 2028 which bear interest at a fixed rate of . in arrears on April 15 and October 15, commencing October 15, 2021. The convertible notes will mature on , unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The convertible notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with other senior unsecured debt. The notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at an initial conversion rate of shares of common stock per principal amount which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share. The conversion rate and the resulting conversion price are subject to adjustment in certain events, such as distributions, dividends or stock splits . Conversion of the par value of the note will be settled in cash, with any premium convertible in cash or shares at the Company s option. Upon a conversion of the notes, the Company may elect to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash and, if applicable, shares of the Company s common stock, as provided in the 2028 Notes Indenture (as defined below). There were million of initial debt discount and million of original debt issuance costs included in Notes Payable, net on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The debt discount represents the difference between the debt principal and the value of a similar debt instrument that does not have a conversion feature at issuance. The debt discount is being amortized using the effective interest rate method through April 2028 and the amortization expense is included in Interest and Foreign exchange on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. In accordance with ASC 470-20, the Company separately accounts for the liability component (debt principal net of debt discount) and equity component. The liability component is recognized as the fair value of a similar instrument that does not have a conversion feature at issuance. To determine the fair value of the liability component, the Company assumed an interest rate of approximately which resulted in a fair value of million. The equity component, which is the conversion feature at issuance, is recognized as the difference between the proceeds from the issuance of the notes million) and the fair value of the liability component million). As of August 31, 2021, the equity component was million which was recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet in Additional paid-in capital, net of tax of million. As of August 31, 2021, the Company has reserved approximately million shares for issuance upon conversion of these notes. 
 
 The 2028 Convertible Notes are subject to an indenture entered into on April 20, 2021 by the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, as amended and restated by the first supplemental indenture dated June 1, 2021 (2028 Notes Indenture). The 2028 Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holders prior to , under certain circumstances as described in the 2028 Notes Indenture. and on or before the 40 th trading day prior to , at a cash redemption price described in the 2028 Notes Indenture if the stock price exceeds of the conversion price during certain trading days as defined in the 2028 Notes Indenture. Calling any Convertible Note for redemption will constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to that Convertible Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Convertible Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company retired million of its Convertible senior notes due 2024, and all of its Convertible senior notes due 2024. The proceeds were allocated between the repurchase of the liability and the equity components with the remaining accounted for as a repurchase of the equity component, reducing Additional paid-in capital. The difference between the fair value of the debt component and the carrying value, net of the pro-rata portion of unamortized debt issuance costs, resulted in a loss on extinguishment of million. 
 
 , paid in arrears on February 1 st and August 1 st . The convertible notes mature on , unless earlier repurchased by the Company or converted in accordance with their terms. Upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, holders may convert at their option at any time prior to the business day immediately preceding the stated maturity date. The convertible notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with other senior unsecured debt. The convertible notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at an initial conversion rate of shares per principal amount of the notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of per share). The initial conversion rate and conversion price are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, such as distributions, dividends or stock splits. There were million of initial debt discount and million of original debt issuance costs included in Notes Payable, net on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The debt discount represents the difference between the debt principal and the value of a similar debt instrument that does not have a conversion feature at issuance. The debt discount is being amortized using the effective interest rate method through February 2024 and the amortization expense is included in Interest and Foreign exchange on the Company s Consolidated Statement of 
 67 
 
 which resulted in a fair value of million. The equity component, which is the conversion feature at issuance, is recognized as the difference between the proceeds from the issuance of the notes million) and the fair value of the liability component million). As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the equity component was million and million , respectively, which was recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet in Additional paid-in capital. As of August 31, 2021 the Company has reserved approximately million shares for issuance upon conversion of these notes. 
 
 Other notes payable includes million of unsecured debt with maturity dates ranging from January 2022 to April 2026. 
 
 The notes payable, along with the revolving and operating lines of credit, contain certain covenants with respect to the Company and various subsidiaries, the most restrictive of which, among other things, limit the ability to: incur additional indebtedness or guarantees pay dividends or repurchase stock enter into capital leases create liens sell assets engage in transactions with affiliates, including joint ventures and non U.S. subsidiaries, including but not limited to loans, advances, equity investments and guarantees enter into mergers, consolidations or sales of substantially all the Company s assets and enter into new lines of business. The covenants also require certain maximum ratios of debt to total capitalization and minimum levels of fixed charges (interest and rent) coverage. 

2023 

2024 (1) 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter (1) 

(1) 
 million of Convertible senior notes due February 2024 and the million of Convertible senior notes due April 2028 is assumed to occur at the scheduled maturity instead of assuming an earlier conversion by the holders. 
 million. The fair value of the contracts is included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Accounts payable and accrued liabilities when in a loss position, or as Accounts receivable, net when in a gain position. As the contracts mature at various dates through May 2023, any such gain or loss remaining will be recognized in manufacturing revenue or cost of revenue along with the related transactions. In the event that the underlying transaction does not occur or does not occur in the period designated at the inception of the hedge, the amount classified in accumulated other comprehensive loss would be reclassified to the results of operations in Interest and foreign exchange at the time of occurrence. At August 31, 2021 exchange rates, approximately million would be reclassified to revenue or cost of revenue in the next year. 
 
 68 
 
 had a notional amount of million and an interest rate swap agreement maturing had a notional amount of million. The fair value of the contracts are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities when in a loss position, or in Accounts receivable, net when in a gain position. As interest expense on the underlying debt is recognized, amounts corresponding to the interest rate swap are reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss and charged or credited to interest expense. At August 31, 2021 interest rates, approximately million would be reclassified to interest expense in the next year. 

Accounts payable 
 and accrued 
 liabilities 

Interest rate swap 
 contracts 

Accounts 
 receivable, net 

Accounts payable 
 and accrued 
 liabilities 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign forward 
 exchange contracts 

Accounts 
 receivable, net 

Accounts payable 
 and accrued 
 liabilities 

Derivatives in 
 cash flow hedging 
 relationships 

Gain (loss) 
 recognized in 
 OCI on derivatives 
 Years ended August 31, 

Location of 
 gain (loss) 
 reclassified from 
 accumulated 
 OCI into income 

Gain (loss) 
 reclassified from 
 accumulated OCI 
 into income 
 Years ended August 31, 

Location of gain 
 (loss) in income 
 on derivative 
 (amount 
 excluded from 
 effectiveness testing) 

Gain (loss) 
 recognized on 
 derivative (amount 
 excluded from 
 effectiveness testing) 
 Years ended August 31, 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

Foreign forward 
 exchange contracts 

Revenue 

Revenue 

Foreign forward 
 exchange contracts 

Cost of revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Interest rate swap 
 contracts 

Interest and 
 foreign 
 exchange 

Interest and 
 foreign 
 exchange 

69 

Cost of revenue 

Interest and foreign exchange 

shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, up to shares previously reserved for issuance, but not issued or subject to outstanding awards, are available for issuance under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, and up to shares that were subject to outstanding awards under the 2017 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan as of the effective date of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan will also become available for issuance under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan to the extent such shares are not issued and cease to be subject to such awards following the effective date of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 On August 31, 2021 there were shares available for grant compared to and shares available for grant as of the years ended August 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. There are no stock options or stock appreciation rights outstanding as of August 31, 2021. The Company currently grants restricted stock units. Shares associated with restricted stock unit awards are not considered legally outstanding shares of common stock until they are issued following vesting. Restricted stock unit awards, including performance-based awards, some of which are entitled to participate in dividends and these awards are considered participating securities and are considered outstanding for earnings per share purposes when the effect is dilutive. 
 
 During the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company awarded restricted share and restricted stock unit grants totaling , , and shares, respectively, which include performance-based grants and dividend equivalent rights. As of August 31, 2021, there were a total of shares associated with unvested performance-based grants. The actual number of shares that will vest associated with performance-based grants will vary depending on the Company s performance. Approximately additional shares may be granted if performance-based restricted stock unit awards vest at maximum levels of performance. These additional shares are associated with restricted stock unit awards granted during the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The fair value of awards granted was million, million, and million for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 The value, at the date of grant, of stock awarded under restricted share grants and restricted stock unit grants is amortized as compensation expense over the lesser of the vesting period of to or to the recipients eligible retirement date. Compensation expense recognized related to restricted share grants and restricted stock unit grants for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million, and million, respectively, and was recorded in Selling and administrative and Cost of revenue on the Consolidated Statements of 
 70 
 
 million as of August 31, 2021. 
 
 Total unvested restricted share and restricted stock unit grants were and as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Balance at August 31, 2019 (1) 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Balance at August 31, 2020 (1) 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Balance at August 31, 2021 (1) 

(1) 

Share Repurchase Program 
 
 The Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock. The share repurchase program has an expiration date of and the amount remaining for repurchase is million. Under the share repurchase program, shares of common stock may be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions from time to time. The timing and amount of purchases will be based upon market conditions, securities law limitations and other factors. The program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares in any period. There were shares repurchased under this program during the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Other Share Repurchases 
 The Company repurchased million of its common stock during 2021. These shares were repurchased, in privately negotiated transactions, as part of the Company s debt refinancing in April 2021 and were not associated with the Company s publicly announced share repurchase program. 
 71 

Dilutive effect of 2.875 Convertible notes, due 2024 (2) 

Dilutive effect of 2.875 Convertible notes, due 2028 (3) 

n/a 

n/a 

Dilutive effect of 2.25 Convertible notes, due 2024 (4) 

Dilutive effect of restricted stock units (5) 

Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 

(1) 
 
 restricted stock or restricted stock units were anti-dilutive for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

(2) 
 
 The dilutive effect of the Convertible notes, due 2024 was excluded for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 as the average stock price was less than the applicable conversion price and therefore was considered anti-dilutive. 

(3) 
 
 The dilutive effect of the Convertible notes, due 2028 was excluded for the year ended August 31, 2021 as the average stock price was less than the applicable conversion price and therefore was considered anti-dilutive. These convertible notes were issued in April 2021. 

(4) 
 
 The dilutive effect of the Convertible notes, due 2024 was excluded for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 as the average stock price was less than the applicable conversion price and therefore was considered anti-dilutive. These convertible notes were retired in April 2021. 

(5) 

Diluted EPS is calculated using the treasury stock method associated with shares underlying the Convertible notes due 2024, Convertible notes due 2028, Convertible notes due 2024, restricted stock units that are not considered participating securities and performance based restricted stock units subject to performance criteria, for which actual levels of performance above target have been achieved. 

Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 

Diluted earnings per share 

72 
 
 interest in Axis, a joint venture. The Company purchased million, million and million of railcar components from Axis during the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a interest in the common equity of an entity that buys and sells railcar assets that are leased to third parties. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020 the carrying amount of the investment was million and million, respectively, which is classified in Investment in unconsolidated affiliates in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon sale of railcars to this entity from Greenbrier, of the related revenue and margin is recognized and is deferred until the railcars are ultimately sold by the entity. The Company also provides administrative and remarketing services to this entity and earns management fees for these services which were immaterial for each of the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Revenue recognized by Greenbrier associated with railcars sold out of the entity 

Mr. Furman is the owner of a private aircraft managed by a private independent management company. From time to time, the Company s business requires charter use of privately-owned aircraft. In such instances, it is possible that charters may be placed on Mr. Furman s aircraft. The Company placed charters on Mr. Furman s aircraft aggregating million, million and million for each of the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 In May 2020, the Company and its manufacturing partner GIMSA amended its joint venture agreement for its joint ventures in Monclova, Mexico. In addition to certain temporary changes to the existing fee arrangements, the joint ventures also paid dividends of million to each of the joint venture partners during the year ended August 31, 2020. 
 
 In November 2019, the Company increased its ownership interest in Amsted-Maxion Cruzeiro from to . This transaction included a conversion to equity of million from a note receivable, including accrued interest, and a re-payment to the Company of million which was used to acquire the additional ownership interest. As of August 31, 2020, the Company had a million note receivable due from Amsted-Maxion Cruzeiro, its unconsolidated Brazilian castings and components manufacturer and a million note receivable from Greenbrier-Maxion, its unconsolidated Brazilian railcar manufacturer. These note receivables are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Accounts receivable, net as of August 31, 2020 and were repaid in 2021. 

73 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Earnings (loss) before income tax and earnings from unconsolidated affiliates for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were million), million and million, respectively, for our domestic U.S. operations and million, million and million, respectively for our foreign operations. 
 In response to the COVID 19 pandemic, the CARES Act was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act lifts certain deduction limitations originally imposed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the 2017 Tax Act ). Corporate taxpayers may carryback net operating losses NOLs originating in 2018 through 2020 for up to five years, which was not previously allowed under the 2017 Tax Act. The CARES Act also eliminates the existing limitation on taxable income of 80 by allowing corporate entities to fully utilize NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income in 2018, 2019, or 2020. Taxpayers may generally deduct interest up to the sum of 50 of adjusted taxable income, plus business interest income, subject to the existing 30 limit under the 2017 Tax Act, for 2019 and 2020. The CARES Act allows taxpayers with alternative minimum tax credits to claim a refund in 2020 for the entire amount of the credits instead of recovering the credits through refunds over a period of years, as originally enacted by the 2017 Tax Act. In addition, the CARES Act raises the corporate charitable deduction limit to 25 of taxable income and makes qualified improvement property generally eligible for 15-year cost-recovery and 100 bonus depreciation. 
 Due to the enactment of the CARES Act, the Company will file a U.S. Federal carryback claim for the fiscal year 2021 tax losses to the fiscal years 2016 through 2018, allowing the recovery of Federal income taxes previously paid. The income taxes associated with the carryback claims were paid at different Federal rates of or , rather than the current Federal rate of in effect beginning with the fiscal year 2019. The overall net impact of the CARES Act resulted in a Federal tax benefit of million. 
 74 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Foreign operations 

Carryback rate benefit 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Uncertain tax positions 

Noncontrolling interest in flow-through entity 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

Deferred revenue 

Inventories and other 

Maintenance and warranty accruals 

Lease liability 

Net operating losses 

Investment, asset tax credits and other 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Original issue discount 

Intangibles 

Right-of-use asset 

Other 

Net deferred tax liability 

As of August 31, 2021, the Company had million of state net operating loss carryforwards that will begin to expire in fiscal , million of state credit carryforwards that will begin to expire in , million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards that will begin to expire in fiscal and million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards that do not expire. The Company has placed a valuation allowance of million against the deferred tax assets for which no benefit is anticipated, including those for loss and credit carryforwards not likely to be used before their expiration dates or where the possibility of utilization is remote. The net increase in the total valuation allowance on deferred taxes for which no benefit is anticipated was approximately million for the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 
 Prior to 2018 no provision had been made for U.S. income taxes on the Company s cumulative undistributed earnings from foreign subsidiaries. During fiscal 2018 these earnings were subject to the one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings. Notwithstanding this deemed inclusion in taxable income, any actual repatriation would be accompanied by foreign withholding taxes. The Company does not intend to repatriate these foreign earnings and continues to assert that its foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested. 
 75 

Gross increases tax positions in prior period 

Gross decreases tax positions in prior period 

Settlements 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

Unrecognized Tax Benefit Ending Balance 

The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and in various states and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is effectively no longer subject to U.S. Federal examination for fiscal years ending before 2016, to state and local examinations before 2015, or to foreign examinations before 2016. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, at August 31, 2021 and 2020 were million and million, respectively which if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 were million and million, respectively. The Company recorded a reduction in accrued interest expense of approximately million for changes in unrecognized tax benefits during the year ended August 31, 2021 and an increase in interest expense of million during the year ended August 31, 2020. The Company has t accrued any penalties on the reserves. Interest and penalties related to income taxes are not classified as a component of income tax expense. Benefits from the realization of unrecognized tax benefits for deductible differences attributable to ordinary operations will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense. The Company does not anticipate a significant decrease in the reserves for uncertain tax positions during the next twelve months. reportable segments: Manufacturing Wheels, Repair & Parts and Leasing & Services. 
 The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Performance is evaluated based on Earnings from operations. Corporate includes selling and administrative costs not directly related to goods and services and certain costs that are intertwined among segments due to our integrated business model. The Company does not allocate Interest and foreign exchange or Income tax benefit (expense) for either external or internal reporting purposes. Intersegment sales and transfers are valued as if the sales or transfers were to third parties. Related revenue and margin are eliminated in consolidation and therefore are not included in consolidated results in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 76 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

Leasing & Services 

Eliminations 

Corporate 

For the year ended August 31, 2020: 

Revenue 

Earnings (loss) from operations 

(In thousands) 

External 

Intersegment 

Total 

External 

Intersegment 

Total 

Manufacturing 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

Leasing & Services 

Eliminations 

Corporate 

For the year ended August 31, 2019: 

Revenue 

Earnings (loss) from operations 

(In thousands) 

External 

Intersegment 

Total 

External 

Intersegment 

Total 

Manufacturing 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

Leasing & Services 

Eliminations 

Corporate 

Years ended August 31, 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Assets: 

Manufacturing 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

Leasing & Services 

Unallocated, including cash 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Manufacturing 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

Leasing & Services 

Capital expenditures: 

Manufacturing 

Wheels, Repair & Parts 

Leasing & Services 

77 

Foreign 

Assets: 

U.S. 

Mexico 

Europe 

(1) 

Interest and foreign exchange 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

Earnings (loss) before income tax and earnings (loss) 
 from unconsolidated affiliates 

of total revenues or accounts receivable. In 2021, revenue from two customers each represented of total revenue. In 2020, revenue from two customers represented and of total revenue. In 2019, revenue from one customer represented of total revenue. No other customers accounted for more than 10 of total revenues for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020, or 2019. No customer had a balance that individually equaled or exceeded of accounts receivable at August 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 million, million, and million as of August 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Depreciation expense was million, million and million as of August 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively. In addition, certain railcar equipment leased-in by the Company on operating leases is subleased to customers under non-cancelable operating leases with lease terms ranging from to . Operating lease rental revenues included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income as of August 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 was million, million and million respectively, which included million, million, and million respectively, of revenue as a result of daily, monthly or car hire utilization arrangements. 
 78 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Lessee 
 The Company leases railcars, real estate, and certain equipment under operating and, to a lesser extent, finance lease arrangements. As of and for the twelve months ended August 31, 2021, finance leases were not a material component of the Company's lease portfolio. The Company s real estate and equipment leases have remaining lease terms ranging from less than to years, with some including . The Company recognizes a lease liability and corresponding right-of-use (ROU) asset based on the present value of lease payments. To determine the present value of lease payments, as most of its leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate, the Company s incremental borrowing rate is used to discount the lease payments based on information available at lease commencement date. The Company gives consideration to its recent debt issuances as well as publicly available data for instruments with similar characteristics when estimating its incremental borrowing rate. 

Short-term lease expense 

Total 

In accordance with Topic 840, lease expense was million for the year ended August 31, 2019. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Total lease obligations 

years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

79 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

ROU assets disposed of for lease terminations 

million during a 17-year period. The Company bore a percentage of the total costs incurred by the LWG in connection with the investigation. The Company s aggregate expenditure during the 17-year period was not material. Some or all of any such outlay may be recoverable from other responsible parties. The EPA issued its Record of Decision (ROD) for the Portland Harbor Site on January 6, 2017 and accordingly on October 26, 2017, the AOC was terminated. 
 Separate from the process described above, which focused on the type of remediation to be performed at the Portland Harbor Site and the schedule for such remediation, 83 parties, including the State of Oregon and the federal government, entered into a non-judicial mediation process to try to allocate costs associated with remediation of the Portland Harbor Site. Approximately 110 additional parties signed tolling agreements related to such allocations. On April 23, 2009, the Company and the other AOC signatories filed suit against 69 other parties due to a possible limitations period for some such claims Arkema Inc. et al v. A & C Foundry Products, Inc. et al , U.S. District Court, District of Oregon, Case #3:09-cv-453-PK. All but 12 of these parties elected to sign tolling agreements and be dismissed without prejudice, and the case has been stayed by the court until January 14, 2022. 
 The EPA's January 6, 2017 ROD identifies a clean-up remedy that the EPA estimates will take years of active remediation, followed by years of monitoring with an estimated undiscounted cost of billion. The EPA typically expects its cost estimates to be accurate within a range of - to + , but this ROD states that changes in costs are likely to occur as a result of new data collected over a -year period prior to final remedy design. The ROD identifies Sediment Decision Units. One of the units, RM9W, includes the nearshore area of the river sediments offshore of the Portland Property as well as upstream and downstream of the facility. It also includes a portion of the Company s riverbank. The ROD does not break down total remediation costs by Sediment Decision Unit. The EPA's ROD concluded that more data was needed to better define clean-up scope and cost. On December 8, 2017, the EPA announced that Portland Harbor is one of 21 Superfund sites targeted for greater attention. On December 19, 2017, the EPA announced that it had entered a new AOC with a group of four potentially responsible parties to conduct additional sampling during 2018 and 2019 to provide more certainty about clean-up costs and aid the mediation process to allocate those costs. The parties to the mediation, including the Company, agreed to help fund the additional sampling, which is now complete. The EPA requested that potentially responsible parties enter AOCs during 2019 agreeing to conduct remedial design studies. Some parties have signed AOCs, including one party with respect to RM9W which includes the area offshore of the Company s manufacturing facility. The Company has not signed an AOC in connection with remedial design, but will potentially be directly or indirectly responsible for 
 80 
 
 million associated with performance guarantees, facility leases and workers compensation insurance. 
 81 

Nonqualified savings plan investments 

Cash equivalents 

Liabilities: 

Derivative financial instruments 

(1) 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of August 31, 2020 are: 

(In thousands) 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 (1) 

Level 3 

Assets: 

Derivative financial instruments 

Nonqualified savings plan investments 

Cash equivalents 

Liabilities: 

Derivative financial instruments 

Notes payable as of August 31, 2020 

1 
 
 The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, revolving notes and accounts payable and accrued liabilities is a reasonable estimate of fair value of these financial instruments. Estimated rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities and current market data are used to estimate the fair value of notes payable. 
 82 

Item 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 
 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 As of the end of our 2021 fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021 was effective. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as stated in their attestation report, which is included at the end of Part II, Item 9A of this Form 10-K. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 83 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated October 26, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Portland, Oregon 
 October 26, 2021 
 84 

Item 9B . 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

 None 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Information required by this item will be included under the captions Election of Directors , Board Committees, Meetings and Charters and Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and FCPA Compliance in our definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the year ended August 31, 2021 (as amended, updated, supplemented, or restated, 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Information required by this item regarding the executive officers of the Company is included under the caption Information about our Executive Officers in Part I of this 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The information required by this item will be included under the caption Executive Compensation , Compensation Committee Report , 2021 Director Compensation and Risk Oversight in the 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 

 The information required by this item will be included under the captions Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 The information required by this item will be included under the captions Related Transactions and Board Independence in the 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 The information required by this item will be included under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors in the 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 85 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(1) Financial Statements 
 
 See Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 

(a) 
 
 (2) Financial Statements Schedule 

All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required or because the information is given in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. This supplemental schedule should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in this report. 

(a) 
 
 (3) 
 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith and this list is intended to constitute the exhibit index: 

3.1 
 
 Registrant s Articles of Incorporation are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2006. 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Merger amending the Registrant s Articles of Incorporation are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2006. 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant dated July 30, 2021. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Registrant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed April 7, 2010 (SEC File Number 333-165924). 

4.2 
 
 Indenture between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, including the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A thereto, dated February 6, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed February 6, 2017. 

4.3 
 
 Description of the Registrant's Securities Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 29, 2019. 

4.4 
 
 Indenture between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, including the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A thereto, dated April 20, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed April 21, 2021. 

4.5 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated June 1, 2021 to the Indenture dated April 20, 2021 between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, including the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A thereto is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed July 9, 2021. 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Mr. William A. Furman, dated August 28, 2012, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed January 9, 2013. 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Registrant and Mr. William A. Furman dated as of July 6, 2020, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 10, 2020. 

86 

10.3 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers, as amended and restated on August 28, 2012, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed November 1, 2012. 

10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Form of Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers, as amended and restated on August 28, 2012, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed January 8, 2014. 

10.5 
 
 Second Amendment to Form of Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers, as amended and restated on August 28, 2012, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2018. 

10.6 
 
 Form of Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 29, 2019. 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Registrant and Alejandro Centurion dated as of September 17, 2021. 

10.8 
 
 Form of Change of Control Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 4, 2013. 

10.9 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Form of Amendment to Change of Control Agreement, approved on May 28, 2013, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed June 3, 2013. 

10.10 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. 2014 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed November 19, 2014. 

10.11 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant's Form S-8 filed January 6, 2021. 

10.12 
 
 Stock Incentive Grant Program for Non-Employee Directors under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Form 10-Q filed April 6, 2021. 

10.13 
 
 Third Amendment dated as of January 27, 2021 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Registrant and Mark Rittenbaum is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Form 10-Q filed April 6, 2021. 

10.14 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. 2017 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed November 14, 2017. 

10.15 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan 2018 Amendment and Restatement of the Basic Plan Document is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2018. 

87 

10.16 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan 2018 Amendment and Restatement of the Adoption Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2018. 

10.17 
 
 Updated Rabbi Trust Agreements, dated October 1, 2012, related to The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed January 9, 2013. 

10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Trust Agreement, dated June 15, 2018, related to The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2018. 

10.19 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Adoption Agreement for Directors, dated July 1, 2012, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed November 1, 2012. 

10.20 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Greenbrier Companies Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Adoption Agreement for Directors, dated December 15, 2015, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2016. 

10.21 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on November 19, 2014. 

10.22 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Amendment to 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on November 14, 2018. 

10.23 
 
 Consulting Services Agreement between Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC and Charles J. Swindells dated January 7, 2016 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2016. 

10.24 
 
 Dissolution Agreement, dated August 20, 2018, by and among the Registrant, Greenbrier Rail Services Holdings, LLC, Watco Companies, L.L.C., Millennium Rail, L.L.C., Watco Mechanical Services, L.L.C., GBW Railcar Services Holdings, L.L.C., GBW Railcar Services, L.L.C., and GBW Railcar Services Canada, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.25 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GBW Railcar Services Holdings, L.L.C., dated August 20, 2018, by and among Greenbrier Rail Services Holdings, LLC, Watco Mechanical Services, L.L.C., and Millennium Rail, L.L.C. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.26 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, Bank of the West, Branch Banking and Trust Company, Fifth Third Bank, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, and the lenders identified therein is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

88 

10.27 

10.28 
 
 First Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, Bank of the West, Branch Banking and Trust Company, Fifth Third Bank, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, and the lenders identified therein is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 29, 2019. 
 
 Second Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., the guarantors and lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

10.29 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., and the other parties identified as Debtors therein, in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.30 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., and the other parties identified as Debtors therein, in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.31 

10.32 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and the lenders identified therein is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021, by and among Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

10.33 
 
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and between Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.34 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2017, among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Goldman, Sachs & Co. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed February 6, 2017. 

10.35 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., GBXL, LLC, and American Railcar Industries, Inc., is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed April 18, 2019. 

10.36 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. to American Railcar Industries, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 29, 2019. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed January 8, 2021. 

21.1 
 
 List of the subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 

89 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13(a) 14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13(a) 14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 
 Note: For all exhibits incorporated by reference, unless otherwise noted above, the SEC file number is 001-13146. 

Item 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None. 
 90 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 

Dated: October 26, 2021 
 
 By: /s/ William A. Furman 

William A. Furman 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Date 

/s/ William A. Furman 
 
 October 26, 2021 

William A. Furman, 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Thomas B. Fargo 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Thomas B. Fargo, Director 

/s/ Wanda F. Felton 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Wanda F. Felton, Director 

/s/ Antonio Garza 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Antonio Garza, Director 

/s/ James R. Huffines 
 
 October 26, 2021 

James R. Huffines, Director 

/s/ Graeme A. Jack 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Graeme A. Jack, Director 

/s/ Duane C. McDougall 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Duane C. McDougall, Director 

/s/ David L. Starling 
 
 October 26, 2021 

David L. Starling, Director 

/s/ Charles J. Swindells 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Charles J. Swindells, Director 

/s/ Kelly M. Williams 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Kelly M. Williams, Director 

/s/ Wendy L. Teramoto 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Wendy L. Teramoto, Director 

/s/ Adrian J. Downes 
 
 October 26, 2021 

Adrian J. Downes, Senior Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 91 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 gbx-ex33_306.htm
 EX-3.3

gbx-ex33_306.htm

Exhibit 3.3 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 an Oregon Corporation 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

THE G REENBRIER COMPANIES , INC. 
 an Oregon corporation 
 
 BYLAWS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Article I. Corporate Offices 4 
 Section 1. Registered Office. 4 
 Section 2. Other Offices. 4 
 Article II. Shareholders' Meetings 4 
 Section 1. Place of Meetings. 4 
 Section 2. Annual Meeting. 4 
 Section 3. Special Meetings. 4 
 Section 4. Notice of Meetings. 5 
 Section 5. Quorum. 5 
 Section 6. Voting. 5 
 Section 7. Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings. 6 
 Section 8. List of Shareholders Entitled to Vote. 6 
 Section 9. Order of Business. 6 
 Section 10. Inspectors. 8 
 Section 11. Actions by Unanimous Written Consent. 8 
 Article III. Directors 8 
 Section 1. Number and Term of Office. 8 
 Section 2. Powers. 9 
 Section 3. Vacancies. 9 
 Section 4. Resignation. 9 
 Section 5. Removal. 9 
 Section 6. Nomination of Directors. 10 
 Section 7. Meetings. 11 
 Section 8. Actions of Board of Directors. 12 
 Section 9. Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone. 12 
 Section 10. Quorum. 12 
 Section 11. Committees. 12 
 Section 12. Fees and Compensation. 14 
 Section 13. Organization. 14 
 Section 14. Interested Directors. 15 
 Article IV. Officers 15 
 Section 1. General. 15 
 Section 2. Duties of Officers. 16 
 Section 3. Other Officers. 16 
 Section 4. Resignations. 17 
 2 

Article V. Stock 17 
 Section 1. Form and Content of Certificates; Uncertificated Shares. 17 
 Section 2. Lost Certificates. 17 
 Section 3. Transfers. 18 
 Section 4. Record Date. 18 
 Section 5. Registered Shareholders. 18 
 Article VI. Notices 18 
 Section 1. Notices. 18 
 Section 2. Waivers of Notice. 18 
 Article VII. General Provisions 19 
 Section 1. Dividends. 19 
 Section 2. Fiscal Year. 19 
 Section 3. Corporate Seal. 19 
 Section 4. Disbursements. 19 
 Article VIII. Indemnification 19 
 Section 1. Directors and Officers. 19 
 Section 2. Employees and Other Agents. 20 
 Section 3. Good Faith. 21 
 Section 4. Advances of Expenses. 21 
 Section 5. Enforcement. 22 
 Section 6. Non-Exclusivity Rights. 22 
 Section 7. Survival of Rights. 23 
 Section 8. Insurance. 23 
 Section 9. Amendments. 23 
 Section 10. Savings Clause. 23 
 Section 11. Certain Definitions. 23 
 Section 12. Notification and Defense of Claim. 24 
 Section 13. Exclusions. 25 
 Section 14. Subrogation. 26 
 Article IX. Amendments 26 

3 

THE G REENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 an Oregon corporation 
 
 BYLAWS 

Article I. Corporate Offices 
 
 Section 1. Registered Office . 
 The registered office of the corporation in the State of Oregon shall be in the City of Portland, County of Multnomah. 
 
 Section 2. Other Offices . 
 The corporation shall also have an office or principal place of business in Lake Oswego, Oregon, and may have offices at other places, whether within or outside the State of Oregon. 
 
 Article II. Shareholders' Meetings 
 
 Section 1. Place of Meetings . 
 Meetings of the shareholders of the corporation shall be held at such place, either within or outside the State of Oregon, as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors, by the Chief Executive Officer, and stated in the notice of meeting. The Board of Directors may postpone and reschedule any annual or special meeting of the shareholders from the date previously scheduled by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2. Annual Meeting . 
 The annual meeting of shareholders shall be held on such date and at such time as the Board of Directors shall establish by resolution, which date shall be within 180 days following the end of the corporation's most recent fiscal year. At the annual meeting, the shareholders shall elect by vote the Directors and transact such other business as may lawfully come before the meeting. 
 
 Section 3. Special Meetings . 
 Special meetings of shareholders of the corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by a majority of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation or the holders of not less than 25 percent of all votes entitled to be cast on the matters to be considered at such meeting, who must sign, date and deliver to the Secretary of the corporation one or more written demands for the meeting describing the purpose or purposes for which it is to be held. Special meetings of the shareholders of the corporation may not be called by any other person or persons. 
 4 

Section 4. Notice of Meetings . 
 Except as otherwise provided by law, written notice of each meeting of shareholders shall be given not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each shareholder entitled to vote at such meeting, such notice to specify the date, time, place and purpose or purposes of the meeting. Notice of the date, time, place and purpose of any meeting of shareholders may be waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof, and delivered to the corporation either before or after such meeting, and shall be deemed waived by any shareholder by his or her attendance at the meeting in person or by proxy, except when the shareholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Any shareholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given. 
 
 Section 5. Quorum . 
 Except as otherwise provided by law, the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders. Any shares, the voting of which at such meeting has been enjoined, or which for any reason cannot be lawfully voted at such meeting, shall not be counted to determine a quorum at such meeting. In the absence of a quorum any meeting of shareholders may be adjourned, from time to time, by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares represented thereat, in person or by proxy, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting. The shareholders present at a duly called or convened meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to leave less than a quorum. 
 
 Section 6. Voting . 
 Except as otherwise provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, if a quorum exists, action on a matter, other than the election of directors, by a voting group is approved if the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, and all such acts shall be valid and binding upon the corporation. For the purpose of determining those shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the shareholders, except as otherwise provided by law, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock records of the corporation on the record date, as provided in these Bylaws, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders. Every person entitled to vote shall have the right to do so either in person or by an agent or agents authorized by a written proxy executed by such person or his or her duly authorized agent, which proxy shall be filed with the Secretary at or before the meeting at which it is to be used. An agent so appointed need not be a shareholder. No proxy shall be voted after eleven months following its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the corporation presiding at a meeting of the shareholders, in his or her discretion, may determine whether any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot. 
 5 

Section 7. Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings . 
 Any meeting of shareholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares represented at the meeting, either in person or by proxy. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At an adjourned meeting the shareholders may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the meeting is adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the date fixed for the original meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date in accordance with Section 60.221 of Oregon Revised Statutes (or any successor provision). If, upon adjournment, a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 
 Section 8. List of Shareholders Entitled to Vote . 
 After fixing a record date for a meeting, the Secretary shall cause to be prepared a complete list of the shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting, arranged in alphabetical order and by voting groups and classes or series within each voting group, showing the address of each shareholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each shareholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any shareholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, beginning two business days after notice of the meeting is given and continuing through the meeting either at the corporation's principal office or at the place identified in the meeting notice in the city where the meeting will be held. The list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any shareholder, shareholder's agent or attorney who is present. 
 
 Section 9. Order of Business . 
 (a) The Chief Executive Officer, or such other officer of the corporation as shall be designated by the Board of Directors, shall call meetings of the shareholders to order and shall act as presiding officer thereof. Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors prior to the meeting, the presiding officer shall also have the authority in his or her sole discretion to regulate the conduct of any such meeting, including, without limitation, by imposing restrictions on the persons (other than shareholders of the corporation or their proxies) who may attend such meeting, by ascertaining whether any shareholder or his or her proxy may be excluded from such meeting based upon any determination by the presiding officer, in his or her discretion, that any such person has disrupted or is likely to disrupt the proceedings thereat, and by determining the circumstances in which any person may make a statement or ask questions at such meeting. The presiding officer shall exercise his or her discretion in accordance with Section 60.209 of Oregon Revised Statutes (or any successor provision). 
 
 (b) Other than a nomination of a candidate for election as a director, which shall be governed by Article III, Section 6, no business may be transacted or conducted at any meeting of shareholders other than business that is a proper matter for shareholder action and that is (i) 
 6 

specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by any shareholder of the corporation (A) who is a shareholder of record on the date of the giving of notice for such meeting and on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting and (B) who complies with the notice procedures in this Section 9. If the presiding officer of a meeting determines that business was not properly brought before such meeting in accordance with the procedures in this Section 9, the presiding officer shall declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before the meeting and such business shall not be transacted. 
 
 (c) Annual Meetings. 
 
 (i) In addition to any other applicable requirements, including, without limitation, requirements relating to solicitations of proxies under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting of shareholders by a shareholder (other than a nomination of a candidate for election as a director, which shall be governed by Article III, Section 6), such shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary. To be timely, a shareholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not less than 120 calendar days prior to the date that the corporation's proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders was released to shareholders in the previous year. 
 
 (ii) To be in proper written form, a shareholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth as to each matter such shareholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (A) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (B) the name and record address of such shareholder, (C) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the corporation that are owned beneficially or of record by such shareholder or in which such shareholder has an economic interest through derivative instruments, (D) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such shareholder and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such shareholder and any material interest of such shareholder in such business, and (E) a representation that such shareholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting. 
 
 (d) Special Meetings . In addition to any other applicable requirements, including, without limitation, requirements relating to solicitations of proxies under the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, for business to be properly brought before a special meeting of shareholders by a shareholder (other than a nomination of a candidate for election as a director, which shall be governed by Article III, Section 6), at the time of, and included within the written demand for the special meeting prescribed by Article II, Section 3, such shareholder must set forth in such demand as to each matter such shareholder proposes to bring before the special meeting, the information prescribed by Article II, Section 9(c)(ii) above. 
 
 7 

(e) Written Consents . In the case of shareholder action by written consent, the shareholder seeking to have the shareholders authorize or take corporate action (other than a nomination of a candidate for election as a director, which is covered by Article III, Section 6) by written consent shall, by written notice to the Secretary , set forth the information prescribed in clause (ii) of Section 9(c) above and request the Board of Directors to fix a record date for determining shareholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting. The Board of Directors shall promptly, but in no event later than the tenth day after the date on which such notice is received, adopt a resolution fixing such record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors within such time period, such record date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 60.211 of Oregon Revised Statutes or any successor provision . 
 
 Section 10. Inspectors . 
 The Chief Executive Officer shall, in advance of any meeting of shareholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting in accordance with applicable law and to make a written report thereof. 
 
 Section 11. Actions by Unanimous Written Consent . 
 Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of all of the outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote and shall be delivered to the corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each shareholder who signs the consent and such actions shall be effective when the last shareholder signs the consent, unless the consent specifies an earlier or later effective date. Delivery to the corporation shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 
 Article III. Directors 
 
 Section 1. Number and Term of Office . 
 The number of Directors which shall constitute the whole of the Board of Directors shall be fixed at no less than three and no more than twelve. Within the limits specified above, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time by the Board. Except as provided in the Articles of Incorporation or Section 3 of this Article III, Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors at the annual meeting of shareholders in each year and shall hold office until the third annual meeting following their election and until their successors shall be duly elected and qualified. The Directors, other than those, if any, who may be elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, which series shall be entitled to separately elect one or more directors, shall be classified with respect to the time for which they severally hold office in accordance with the 
 8 

Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 2. Powers . 
 The Board of Directors shall exercise all corporate powers and manage the business and affairs of the corporation, except as may be otherwise provided by law or by the Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 3. Vacancies . 
 Unless previously filled by the holders of at least a majority of the shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of Directors may be filled by the Board of Directors or, if the Directors remaining in office constitute less than a quorum, then such vacancies may be filled by a majority of the Directors then in office, or by a sole remaining Director, and each Director so elected shall hold office until his or her successor is elected at the next shareholders' meetings at which Directors are elected. A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist under this Section 3 in the case of the death, removal or resignation of any Director, or if the shareholders fail at any meeting of shareholders at which Directors are to be elected to elect the number of Directors then constituting the whole Board of Directors. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director. 
 
 Section 4. Resignation . 
 Any Director may resign at any time by delivering a written resignation to the Board of Directors, its chairperson or the corporation. Such resignation may specify whether it will be effective as specified in ORS 60.034 or a later date as specified in the written notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. When one or more Directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the Directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each Director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of the Director whose place shall be vacated and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. 
 
 Section 5. Removal . 
 Except as otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors under specified circumstances, any Director or Directors may only be removed from office with cause at a meeting at which a quorum is present and that is called for the purpose of removing the Director or Directors, if the meeting notice stated that a purpose of the meeting is the removal of the Director or Directors and if the number of votes cast to remove the Director or Directors exceeds the number of votes cast against removal of the Director or Directors. 
 
 9 

Section 6. Nomination of Directors . 
 (a) If the presiding officer at a meeting of the shareholders determines that a nomination has not been made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article III, Section 6, the presiding officer shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any annual meeting of shareholders or at any special meeting of shareholders called for such purpose (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any shareholder of the corporation (A) who is a shareholder of record on the date of the giving of notice provided for in this Article III, Section 6(b)(ii), and on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting and (B) who complies with the notice procedures in this Article III, Section 6(b)(ii). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a shareholder, such shareholder must have given notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary, and in the case of an annual meeting of shareholders, such notice must have been timely given. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures in this Article III, Section 6 shall be eligible for election as Directors. 
 
 (b) Annual Meetings. 
 
 (i) To be timely, a shareholder's notice for an annual meeting of shareholders must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not less than 120 calendar days prior to the date that the corporation's proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders was released to shareholders in the previous year. 
 
 (ii) To be in proper written form, a shareholder's notice to the Secretary for an annual meeting of shareholders must (A) set forth as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (1) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (2) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (3) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the corporation that are owned beneficially or of record by the nominee or in which such nominee has an economic interest through derivative instruments, and (4) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (B) set forth as to the shareholder giving the notice (1) the name and record address of such shareholder, (2) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the corporation that are owned beneficially or of record by such shareholder or in which such shareholder has an economic interest through derivative instruments, (3) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such shareholder and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by such shareholder, (4) a representation that such shareholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to nominate the persons named in the notice, and (5) any other information relating to such shareholder that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies 
 10 

for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a signed written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. 
 
 (c) Special Meetings . To be in proper written form, at the time of, and included within the written demand for the special meeting prescribed by Article II, Section 3, such shareholder must set forth in such demand as to each nominee the information prescribed by Section 6(b)(ii) above. 
 
 (d) Written Consents . In the case of shareholder action by written consent with respect to the election by shareholders of a candidate as director, the shareholder seeking to have the shareholders elect such candidate by written consent shall, by written notice to the Board of Directors, set forth the information prescribed in Section 6(b)(ii) and request the Board of Directors to fix a record date for determining shareholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting. The Board of Directors shall promptly, but in no event later than the tenth day after the date on which such notice is received, adopt a resolution fixing such record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors within such time period, such record date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 60.211 of Oregon Revised Statutes (or any successor provision). 
 
 Section 7. Meetings . 
 The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Oregon. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chief Executive Officer or any two directors. Notice of special meetings stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each director either by mail or by telephone, telegram, electronic mail, hand delivery or facsimile transmission not less than 48 hours before the date of the meeting. The transaction of all business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however called or noticed, or wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum is present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the Directors not present sign a written waiver of notice, or a consent to holding such meeting, or an approval of the minutes thereof. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. 
 
 Section 8. Actions of Board of Directors . 
 Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. 
 11 

Section 9. Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone . 
 Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can simultaneously hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 
 Section 10. Quorum . 
 A quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of a majority of the number of Directors fixed from time to time in accordance with these Bylaws; provided , however , at any meeting whether a quorum is present or otherwise, a majority of the Directors present may adjourn from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors, without notice other than by announcement at the meeting. At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present all questions and business shall be determined by a vote of a majority of the Directors present, unless a different vote is required by law. 
 
 Section 11. Committees . 
 (a) Appointment . The Board of Directors may, by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, from time to time appoint such committees as may be permitted by law. Committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall consist of two or more members of the Board of Directors, and shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committees. The Board of Directors may adopt committee charters, further defining the duties and responsibilities of one or more committees. In no event shall a committee have the power or authority to: 
 
 (i) Authorize distributions by the corporation, except according to a formula or method, or within limits, prescribed by the Board of Directors; 
 
 (ii) Approve or propose to shareholders actions that the Oregon Business Corporation Act requires to be approved by shareholders; 
 
 (iii) Fill vacancies on the Board of Directors or on any of its committees; or 
 
 (iv) Adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws. 
 
 (b) Executive Committee . The Board of Directors may appoint an Executive Committee to consist of two or more members of the Board of Directors. Subject to Section 11(a), the Executive Committee shall have, and may exercise, all powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation. 
 
 (c) Audit Committee . An Audit Committee of the corporation, composed of at least two members of the Board of Directors, none of whom shall be an affiliate of the corporation or an officer or employee of the corporation or any of its subsidiaries, shall be appointed at the 
 12 

annual meeting of the Board of Directors. Directors who are appointed to the Audit Committee shall be free of any relationship that, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member. Any vacancy in the Audit Committee shall be filled by a majority vote of the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the Audit Committee shall constitute a quorum and a majority of the quorum shall be required to adopt or approve any matters. The duties of the Audit Committee shall include, in addition to such other duties as may be specified from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors or an Audit Committee Charter, the following: 
 
 (i) review and make recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to the engagement or discharge of the corporation's independent auditors and the terms of the engagement; 
 
 (ii) review the policies and procedures of the corporation and management with respect to maintaining the corporation's books and records; and 
 
 (iii) review with the independent auditors, upon completion of their audit, the results of the auditing engagement and any other recommendations the auditors may have with respect to the corporation's financial, accounting or auditing systems. 
 
 The Audit Committee is authorized to employ such experts and personnel, including those who are already employed or engaged by the corporation, as the Audit Committee may deem to be reasonably necessary to enable it to ably perform its duties and satisfy its responsibilities. 
 
 (d) Compensation Committee . A Compensation Committee of the corporation, composed of at least two members of the Board of Directors, shall be appointed at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors. Directors who are appointed to the Compensation Committee may not be active or retired officers or employees of the corporation or of any of its subsidiaries. The duties of the Compensation Committee shall include, in addition to such other duties as may be specified by resolution of the Board of Directors from time to time, the following: 
 
 (i) consider and make recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding salaries and bonuses for elected officers of the corporation, and prepare such reports with respect thereto as may be required by law; 
 
 (ii) consider, review and grant stock options, stock appreciation rights and other securities under the corporation's stock option and stock incentive plans, and administer such plans; and 
 
 (iii) consider matters of director compensation, benefits and other forms of remuneration. 
 
 The Compensation Committee is authorized to employ such experts and personnel, including those who are already employed or engaged by the corporation, as the Compensation Committee may deem to be reasonably necessary to enable it to ably perform its duties and satisfy its responsibilities. 
 13 

(e) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee . A Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the corporation, composed of at least two non-management members of the Board of Directors, shall be appointed at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors. The duties of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall include, in addition to such other duties as may be specified by resolution of the Board of Directors from time to time, the following: 
 
 (i) exercise general oversight of the corporation s corporate governance functions; 
 
 (ii) identify qualified candidates for nomination to the corporation s Board of Directors; and 
 
 (iii) oversee succession planning for the corporation s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is authorized to employ such experts and personnel, including those who are already employed or engaged by the corporation, as the Nominating and Corporate Governance may deem to be reasonably necessary to enable it to ably perform its duties and satisfy its responsibilities. 
 
 (f) Term . The members of all committees of the Board of Directors shall serve as such members at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board of Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more Directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. 
 
 (g) Meetings . Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, each committee of the Board of Directors may prescribe its own rules for calling and holding meetings and its method of procedure and shall keep a written record of all actions taken by the committee. 
 
 Section 12. Fees and Compensation . 
 Directors shall be entitled to such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, including, without limitation, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any Director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor. 
 14 

Section 13. Organization . 
 At every meeting of the Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or, if the Chairman of the Board of Directors is absent, the Chief Executive Officer, or, if the Chief Executive Officer is absent, the President, or, in the absence of any such officer, a chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority of the Directors present, shall preside over the meeting. The Secretary, or in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary directed to do so by the presiding officer, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 Section 14. Interested Directors . 
 Any contract or other transaction or determination between the corporation and one or more of its Directors, or between the corporation and another party in which one or more of its Directors are interested, shall be valid notwithstanding the presence or participation of such Director or Directors in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, that acts upon or in reference to such contract, transaction or determination, if the material facts as to such Director's or Directors' relationship or interest as to the contract, other transaction or determination shall be disclosed or known to the Board of Directors or committee and it shall in good faith authorize or approve such contract, transaction or determination by a vote of a majority of the disinterested Directors. If a majority of disinterested Directors vote to authorize, approve or ratify the transaction, a quorum is present for the purposes of this Section 14; provided, however, that no transaction under this Section may be authorized, approved or ratified by a single Board member. Such interested Director or Directors shall not be entitled to vote on such contract, transaction or determination, and shall not be counted among the Directors present for purposes of determining the number of Directors constituting the majority necessary to carry such vote. If not authorized or approved by a majority of the disinterested Directors as provided above, such contract, transaction or determination shall nevertheless be valid if the material facts as to such Director's or Directors' relationship or interest and as to the contract, other transaction or determination shall be disclosed or known to the shareholders entitled to vote thereon and such contract, transaction or determination shall be specifically approved in good faith by vote of the holders of a majority of a quorum of such shares. Such interested Director or Directors shall not be disqualified from voting in their capacity as shareholders for ratification or approval of such contract, transaction or determination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction not approved by a majority of disinterested directors or a majority of a quorum of shareholders, is not voidable if such a transaction was fair to the corporation. This Section 14 shall not invalidate any contract, transaction or determination that would otherwise be valid under applicable law. 
 
 Article IV. Officers 
 
 Section 1. General . 
 The officers of the corporation shall be the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, one or more Vice Presidents, and the Secretary, all of whom shall be elected at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries, and such other officers and agents with such powers 
 15 

and duties as it shall deem necessary. The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited by law. The salaries and other compensation of officers of the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors. All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless sooner removed. Subject to Section 4 below and to the terms of any contract of employment between the corporation and such officer, any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2. Duties of Officers . 
 (a) Chairman of the Board of Directors . The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside at meetings of the Board of Directors and shall perform such additional duties and have such additional powers as the Board of Directors may designate from time to time. 
 
 (b) Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision of the business of the corporation, shall be responsible for preparing the agenda for all meetings of the Board of Directors and of the shareholders, and shall perform other duties commonly incident to his or her office. The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the power, either in person or by proxy, to vote all voting securities held by the corporation of any other corporation or entity, and to execute, on behalf of the corporation, such agreements, contracts and instruments, including, without limitation, negotiable instruments, as shall be necessary or appropriate in furtherance of the conduct of the corporation's normal business activities. The Chief Executive Officer shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may designate from time to time. 
 
 (c) President . The President shall report to the Chief Executive Officer. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer or his or her inability to act, the President, if any, shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, perform all duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when so acting shall have all the power of, and be subject to all restrictions upon, the Chief Executive Officer. The President shall perform other duties commonly incident to their office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer shall designate from time to time. 
 
 (d) Vice Presidents . The Vice Presidents, in the order of their seniority, as designated by the Board of Directors, may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office of President is vacant. The Vice Presidents shall perform other duties commonly incident to their office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer shall designate from time to time. 
 
 (e) Secretary . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the shareholders and of the Board of Directors, and shall record all acts and proceedings thereof in the minute book of 
 16 

the corporation. The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with these Bylaws of all meetings of the shareholders, of the Board of Directors and any committee thereof requiring notice. The Secretary shall perform all other duties given him or her in these Bylaws and other duties commonly incident to such office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may designate from time to time. The President may direct any Assistant Secretary to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform other duties commonly incident to his or her office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time . 
 
 Section 3. Other Officers . 
 Such other officers as the Board of Directors may designate shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers. 
 
 Section 4. Resignations . 
 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the corporation. Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
 
 Article V. Stock 
 
 Section 1. Form and Content of Certificates; Uncertificated Shares . 
 Shares of the stock of the corporation shall be represented by certificates in such form as is consistent with the Articles of Incorporation and applicable law; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of stock shall be uncertificated. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the Board of Directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President and by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Such certificates shall set forth the number of shares owned by the holder in the corporation as well as the class or series of such shares and such other information as may be required by law. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. Each certificate shall state upon the face or back thereof, in full or in summary, all of the 
 17 

designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions on transfer and relative rights of the shares authorized to be issued, or shall contain the corporation's undertaking to furnish without charge to each shareholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional, or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 
 
 Section 2. Lost Certificates . 
 A new certificate or certificates shall be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. The corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, that the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, give the corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. 
 
 Section 3. Transfers . 
 Transfers of record of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and upon the surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like number of shares. 
 
 Section 4. Record Date . 
 In order that the corporation may determine the shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 70 nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 70 days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice of such meeting is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of shareholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 
 Section 5. Registered Shareholders . 
 The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by law. 
 
 18 

Article VI. Notices 
 
 Section 1. Notices . 
 Whenever written notice is required by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws to be given to any director, member of a committee or shareholder, such notice may be given by mail, addressed to such person, at his or her address as it appears on the records of the corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given and effective at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Written notice may also be given personally or by telegram, facsimile, telex, cable or electronic means, and shall be deemed given when so sent, provided that the manner of any electronic transmission has been authorized by the director or by the shareholder, who must provide such authorization in writing. 
 
 Section 2. Waivers of Notice . 
 Whenever any notice is required by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws to be given to any director, member of a committee or shareholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. 
 
 Article VII. General Provisions 
 
 Section 1. Dividends . 
 Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors pursuant to law at any regular or special meeting and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock of the corporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 
 
 Section 2. Fiscal Year . 
 The fiscal year of the corporation shall extend from September 1 until August 31 of the following calendar year. 
 
 Section 3. Corporate Seal . 
 Unless otherwise required by law, a seal shall not be required in order to give effect to any act of the corporation. The corporate seal, if any, shall consist of a die bearing the name of the corporation and the inscription, "Corporate Seal-Oregon." The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed, reproduced or otherwise. 
 
 19 

Section 4. Disbursements . 
 All checks or demands for money and notes of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 
 
 Article VIII. Indemnification 
 
 Section 1. Directors and Officers . 
 (a) Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings . The corporation shall indemnify its Directors and officers in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1(a) if the Director or officer was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, any proceeding (other than a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor), against all expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred by the Director or officer in connection with such proceeding if the Director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner the Director or officer reasonably believed was in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, the Director or officer, in addition, had no reasonable cause to believe that the Director's or officer's conduct was unlawful; provided , however , that the Director or officer shall not be entitled to indemnification under this Section 1(a): (i) in connection with any proceeding charging improper personal benefit to the Director or officer in which the Director or officer is adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by the Director or officer unless and only to the extent that the court conducting such proceeding or any other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, the Director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification in view of all the relevant circumstances, or (ii) in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person or any proceeding by such person against the corporation or its Directors, officers, employees or other agents unless (A) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (B) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors, or (C) such indemnification is provided by the corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the Oregon Business Corporation Act. 
 
 (b) Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation . The corporation shall indemnify its Directors and officers in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1(b) if the Director or officer was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, any proceeding by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, against all expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Director or officer in connection with the defense or settlement of such proceeding if the Director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner the Director or officer reasonably believed was in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation; provided , however , that the Director or officer shall not be entitled to indemnification under this Section 1(b): (i) in connection with any proceeding in which the Director or officer has been adjudged liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court conducting such proceeding determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such expenses as such court shall deem proper, or (ii) in connection with any 
 20 

proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person or any proceeding by such person against the corporation or its Directors, officers, employees or other agents unless (A) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (B) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors, or (C) such indemnification is provided by the corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the Oregon Business Corporation Act. 
 
 Section 2. Employees and Other Agents . 
 The corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the corporation similar to those conferred in this Article VIII to Directors and officers of the corporation. 
 
 Section 3. Good Faith . 
 (a) For purposes of any determination under this Article VIII, a Director or officer shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding to have had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful, if his or her action is based on information, opinions, reports and statements, including financial statements and other financial data, in each case prepared or presented by: 
 
 (i) one or more officers or employees of the corporation whom the Director or officer reasonably believed to be reliable and competent in the matters presented; 
 
 (ii) legal counsel, independent accountants or other persons as to matters that the Director or officer reasonably believed to be within such person's professional or expert competence; 
 
 (iii) with respect to a Director, a committee of the Board upon which such Director does not serve, as to matters within such committee's designated authority, which committee the Director reasonably believes to merit confidence; or 
 
 (iv) so long as, in each case, the Director or executive officer acts without knowledge that would cause such reliance to be unwarranted. 
 
 (b) The termination of any proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, that he had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 
 (c) The provisions of this Section 3 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth by the Oregon Business Corporation Act. 
 
 21 

Section 4. Advances of Expenses . 
 The corporation shall pay the expenses incurred by its Directors or officers in any proceeding (other than a proceeding brought for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale by the Director or officer of securities of the corporation within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provision of any state statutory law or common law) in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding at the written request of the Director or officer, if the Director or officer: (a) furnishes the corporation a written affirmation of the Director's or officer's good faith belief that the Director or officer is entitled to be indemnified under this Article VIII, and (b) furnishes the corporation a written undertaking to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that the Director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. Such undertaking shall be an unlimited general obligation of the Director or officer but need not be secured. Advances pursuant to this Section 4 shall be made no later than 10 days after receipt by the corporation of the affirmation and undertaking described in clauses (a) and (b) above, and shall be made without regard to the Director's or officer's ability to repay the amount advanced and without regard to the Director's or officer's ultimate entitlement to indemnification under this Article VIII. The corporation may establish a trust, escrow account or other secured funding source for the payment of advances made and to be made pursuant to this Section 4 or of other liability incurred by the Director or officer in connection with any proceeding. 
 
 Section 5. Enforcement . 
 Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to Directors and officers under this Article VIII shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the corporation and the Director or officer. Any Director or officer may enforce any right to indemnification or advances under this Article VIII in any court of competent jurisdiction if: (a) the corporation denies the claim for indemnification or advances, in whole or in part, or (b) the corporation does not dispose of such claim within 45 days of request therefor. It shall be a defense to any such enforcement action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for advancement of expenses pursuant to, and in compliance with, Section 1 of this Article VIII) that the Director or officer is not entitled to indemnification under this Article VIII. The corporation may contest the Director or officer's entitlement to advancement of expenses pursuant to Section 4 of this Article VIII if the corporation in good faith believes that the Director or officer did not meet the standard of conduct set forth in Sections 60.357 and 60.391 of Oregon Revised Statutes with respect to the subject matter of the proceeding. The burden of proving by clear and convincing evidence that indemnification or advancement is not appropriate shall be on the corporation. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because the Director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors or independent legal counsel) that indemnification is improper because the Director or officer has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be asserted as a defense to the action or create a presumption that the Director or officer is not entitled to indemnification under this Article VIII or otherwise. The Director's or officer's expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing such person's right to indemnification or advances, in whole or in part, 
 22 

in any proceeding shall also be paid or reimbursed by the corporation. 
 
 Section 6. Non-Exclusivity Rights . 
 The rights conferred on any person by this Article VIII shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested Directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its Directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the Oregon Business Corporation Act. 
 
 Section 7. Survival of Rights . 
 The rights conferred on any person by this Article VIII shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Director, officer, employee or other agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
 
 Section 8. Insurance . 
 To the fullest extent permitted by the Oregon Business Corporation Act, the corporation may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Article VIII. 
 
 Section 9. Amendments . 
 Any repeal or modification of this Article VIII shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Article VIII in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any Director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation. 
 
 Section 10. Savings Clause . 
 If this Article VIII or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each Director and officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this Article VIII that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law. 
 
 Section 11. Certain Definitions . 
 For the purposes of this Article VIII, the following definitions shall apply: 
 
 (a) The term "proceeding" includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether brought in the right of the corporation or otherwise, and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, in which the Director or officer of the corporation may be or may have been involved as a party, witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that the Director or officer is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving 
 23 

at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or reimbursement can be provided under this Article VIII . 
 
 (b) The term "expenses" includes, without limitation, expenses of investigations, judicial or administrative proceedings or appeals, attorney, accountant and other professional fees and disbursements and any expenses of establishing a right to indemnification under this Article VIII, but shall not include amounts paid in settlement by the Director or officer or the amount of judgments or fines against the Director or officer. 
 
 (c) References to "other enterprise" include, without limitation, employee benefit plans; references to "fines" include, without limitation, any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to "serving at the request of the corporation" include, without limitation, any service as a director, officer, employee or agent that imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or its beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the corporation" as referred to in this Article VIII. 
 
 (d) References to "the corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger that, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 
 
 (e) The meaning of the phrase "to the fullest extent permitted by law" shall include, but not be limited to: (i) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the Oregon Business Corporation Act adopted after the date of this Article VIII that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its directors and officers, and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the Oregon Business Corporation Act that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the Oregon Business Corporation Act. 
 
 Section 12. Notification and Defense of Claim . 
 As a condition precedent to indemnification under this Article VIII, not later than 30 days after receipt by the Director or officer of notice of the commencement of any proceeding the Director or officer shall, if a claim in respect of the proceeding is to be made against the corporation under this Article VIII, notify the corporation in writing of the commencement of the proceeding. The failure to properly notify the corporation shall not relieve the corporation from 
 24 

any liability that it may have to the Director or officer otherwise than under this Article VIII . With respect to any proceeding as to which the Director or officer so notifies the corporation of the commencement: 
 
 (a) The corporation shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding at its own expense. 
 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 12, the corporation may, at its option and jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified and electing to assume such defense, assume the defense of the proceeding, with legal counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Director or officer. The Director or officer shall have the right to use separate legal counsel in the proceeding, but the corporation shall not be liable to the Director or officer under this Article VIII for the fees and expenses of separate legal counsel incurred after notice from the corporation of its assumption of the defense, unless (i) the Director or officer reasonably concludes that there may be a conflict of interest between the corporation and the Director or officer in the conduct of the defense of the proceeding, or (ii) the corporation does not use legal counsel to assume the defense of such proceeding. The corporation shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any proceeding brought by or on behalf of the corporation or as to which the Director or officer has made the conclusion provided for in (i) above. 
 
 (c) If two or more persons who may be entitled to indemnification from the corporation, including the Director or officer seeking indemnification, are parties to any proceeding, the corporation may require the Director or officer to use the same legal counsel as the other parties. The Director or officer shall have the right to use separate legal counsel in the proceeding, but the corporation shall not be liable to the Director or officer under this Article VIII for the fees and expenses of separate legal counsel incurred after notice from the corporation of the requirement to use the same legal counsel as the other parties, unless the Director or officer reasonably concludes that there may be a conflict of interest between the Director or officer and any of the other parties required by the corporation to be represented by the same legal counsel. 
 
 (d) The corporation shall not be liable to indemnify the Director or officer under this Article VIII for any amounts paid in settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Director or officer shall permit the corporation to settle any proceeding that the corporation assumes the defense of, except that the corporation shall not settle any action or claim in any manner that would impose any penalty or limitation on the Director or officer without such person's written consent. 
 
 Section 13. Exclusions . 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Article VIII, the corporation shall not be obligated under this Article VIII to make any indemnification or advancement of expenses in connection with any claim made against any Director or officer: (a) for which payment is required to be made to or on behalf of the Director or officer under any insurance policy, except with respect to any excess amount to which the Director or officer is entitled under this Article VIII beyond the amount of payment under such insurance policy; (b) if a court having jurisdiction in the matter finally determines that such indemnification is not lawful under any applicable statute or public 
 25 

policy; (c) in any suit, action, claim or litigation, civil, criminal, administrative or otherwise, which arises out of the Director's or officer's individual interests and not by reason of the fact that he or she served as a Director or officer of the corporation; (d) in connection with any proceeding (or part of any proceeding) initiated by the Director or officer, or any proceeding by the Director or officer against the corporation or its directors, officers, employees or other persons entitled to be indemnified by the corporation, unless: (i) the corporation is expressly required by law to make the indemnification; (ii) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation; or (iii) the Director or officer initiated the proceeding pursuant to Section 5 of this Article VIII and the Director or officer is successful in whole or in part in such proceeding; or (e) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale by the Director or officer of securities of the corporation within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provision of any state statutory law or common law. 
 
 Section 14. Subrogation . 
 In the event of payment under this Article VIII, the corporation shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Director or officer. The Director or officer shall execute all documents required and shall do all acts that may be necessary to secure such rights and to enable the corporation effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 
 Article IX. Amendments 
 
 These Bylaws may be amended, repealed, altered or rescinded by the Board of Directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 

26 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 gbx-ex107_305.htm
 EX-10.7

gbx-ex107_305.htm

Exhibit 10.7 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED FOURTH AMENDMENT TO 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Amended and Restated Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 (this Fourth Amendment ), is by and between The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (The Company and Alejandro Centurion Executive and amends and restates the terms of that certain Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of July 9, 2021 which amended the terms of that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of August 28, 2012, between the Company and Executive (the Agreement ), as amended by The First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 29, 2016, and the Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 9, 2018, and the Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated September 16, 2019 (collectively with the Agreement, the Amended Agreement ). 
 
 For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Sections 1.1 and 1.2 of the Amended Agreement are hereby amended and restated to read in their entirety as follows: 

1.1 
 
 Employment of Executive . The Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to serve, until September 1, 2022 (the Successor Appointment Date) as the Company s Executive Vice President and President of Greenbrier Manufacturing Operations GMO and then until September 1, 2023 (the Retirement Date as Special Advisor. 

1.2 
 
 Responsibilities . 

(a) General Duties as Executive Vice President and President of GMO . Until the Successor Appointment Date, Executive shall report to William A. Furman in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer (the CEO or Executive Chairman of the Board (the Executive Chair ), as the case may be, for so long as Mr. Furman is an employee of the Company. In the event that Mr. Furman ceases to be an employee of the Company prior to the Successor Appointment Date, Executive shall report to the Board of Directors (the Board ). During this period Executive will be responsible for the overall management of all manufacturing operations of the company worldwide. In addition, Executive shall be responsible for the management of a successor process and the coaching and preparation of internal candidates for key positions in GMO. 
 
 (b) Successor Process . On or before August 31, 2021 (the Organization Change Date ), Executive shall appoint a Chief Operating Officer or co-Chief Operating Officers of GMO and make appropriate reporting changes within the organization to develop leadership succession for key positions in GMO. Executive shall have the responsibility, with the oversight of the CEO, the President of the Company (the President and Executive Chair (if any) for identifying a Successor President of GMO. On or before March 31, 2022 (the Determination Date ), Executive shall make his recommendation regarding any internal candidates as Successor President of GMO. If Executive does not recommend any internal candidates or if the CEO, the President or Executive Chair (if any) does not accept a recommended candidate, Executive will conduct an external search process in coordination with the CEO, the President, and the 

Executive Chair (if any) so that a Successor President of GMO is identified and hired prior to the Executive retirement date. 
 
 (c) General Duties as Special Advisor . The duties of the Special Advisor will be the onboarding, coaching and support of the Successor President of GMO as well as any projects related to manufacturing requested by the Board. For the period from The Successor Appointment Date to the Retirement Date, Executive will advise the President of GMO and if the Board specifically assigned a project to Executive, Executive shall nominally report to the Board on such assignment. 
 
 2. Section 2.1 of the Amended Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read as follows: 

2.1 
 
 Term . The term of this Agreement (the Term shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until all obligations of the parties hereunder have been performed. On the Successor Appointment date, Executive shall submit to the CEO and the Board his resignation from his positions of Executive Vice President and President of GMO but may retain certain Board seats of the company s affiliates if requested by the Company. On the Retirement Date, Executive shall submit to the CEO and the Board his resignation from all affiliated Board seats and from all executive and officer positions he then holds. 

3. Section 2.2 of the Amended Agreement is hereby deleted. 
 
 4. Sections 3.1 and 3.2 of the Amended Agreement are hereby amended and restated to read in their entirety as follows: 

3.1 
 
 Total Compensation; Base Salary . For fiscal years 2021 and 2022, Executive s total target direct compensation (comprised of base salary, annual cash incentive and equity awards) shall be no less than 3,000,000 per year. Until August 31, 2023, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his annual base salary in an amount no less than his annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the execution of this Fourth Amendment (the Base Salary ). Executive s Base Salary may be increased, but not reduced, from time to time, subject to approval by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board. (the Committee ). The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company s usual and customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly installments. 

3.2 
 
 Annual Cash Incentives . Executive shall be eligible to earn a bonus for each of the fiscal years 2021, 2022, and 2023 in an amount to be determined pursuant to the annual bonus program approved by the Committee and then in effect (the Annual Bonus ). Executive s target Annual Bonus amount shall be not less than 100 of Executive s Base Salary, but the actual amount earned and paid pursuant to Executive s Annual Bonus any year may be an amount less than, greater than, or the same as the target amount. In addition, Executive shall be eligible to earn a special bonus for fiscal years 2021 and 2022 (the Special Annual Bonus ). The Special Annual Bonus will be tied to the Executive s performance and results in meeting objectives for improvements in operations in a Covid-19 recovery environment in both North America and in Europe as well as meeting objectives set out in the Succession Process herein. Executive s target Special Annual Bonus shall be not less 105 of Executive s Base Salary with a minimum payout of 75 and a maximum payout of 200 The CEO or Executive Chair shall make recommendations for Special Annual Bonus payouts for approval by the Committee. Any Annual Bonus and any Special Annual Bonus shall be paid to 

 Page 2 

Executive in cash (subject to normal withholding and payroll deductions) within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year in which such Annual Bonus shall be earned and in any event within the short-term deferral period specified in Treasury. Reg. S1,409(b)(4) (i.e., later of the 15th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year or the 15th day of the third month following the end of the Company s taxable year). 

5. Section 3.6 of the original agreement is hereby amended to add the following at the end of such section: 
 
 Executive shall have or shall be eligible to receive equity awards in fiscal 2021 and 2022. With respect to equity awards made in fiscal 2022 (i) such awards shall be in the form of restricted stock units that, if determined by the Compensation Committee, may provide for cash settlement at the discretion of the Compensation Committee (including accrued dividends payable with respect to the vested units in accordance with the terms of the award agreement), (ii) such awards will have a value of not less than 200 of Executive s Base Salary (calculated using the methodology adopted by the committee for all executives and with performance-based awards valued at target performance), (iii) such awards shall not be more than 60 performance-based, with the balance being time-based, (iv) the time-based awards will fully vest on the Retirement Date, (v) the performance-based awards will be tied to GMO goals. The goals shall be reasonably achievable at target performance based on conditions known to the Committee at the time of grant, (vi) the performance-based awards will have maximum vesting at 200 of target, will have the same threshold and target vesting levels as awards made to other named executive officers and will vest on an interpolated basis between various vesting levels, (vii) the performance-based awards based on GMO goals will be evaluated by the Committee and, to the extent earned, shall vest on the Retirement Date, and (viii) if the performance period for any performance-based awards extends beyond the Retirement Date, payout will be at the end of the performance period based on actual performance without reduction for earlier retirement. 
 
 6. The Amended Agreement is hereby amended by adding a new Section 3.10 as follows: 

3.10 
 
 For avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise provided in this Fourth Amendment, until the Retirement Date Executive will be entitled to continue receiving without cost, those perquisites and benefits provided to him immediately prior to the execution of this Fourth Amendment. For clarity, all references in this Section 3.10 to perquisites being provided without cost does not mean that Executive will be grossed-up for any tax liability to Executive associated with such perquisites. 

7. Section 5. of the Amended Agreement is hereby further amended to add the following at the end of such section: 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Section 5 Executive s retirement as an executive on either the Successor Appointment Date or the Retirement Date as contemplated by Section 2.1 shall be considered a voluntary termination by the Executive. 
 
 8. A new Section 11. is added to the Amended Agreement as follows: 
 
 Page 3 

11 . 
 
 Consulting Engagement . Upon the Retirement Date, Executive shall become a consultant of the Company, but will generally continue to be treated as an employee for tax purposes. Executive s duties as a consultant will be mutually agreed upon by Executive and the Company. Executive s consulting term shall continue through August 31, 2024. Executive shall receive a fee for his services as a consultant of 1,000 per month (the Consulting Fee ). Executive and eligible family members will be eligible for coverage under the Company s employer-sponsored health insurance while he is acting as a consultant on the same terms as in effect immediately prior to the Retirement Date and any additional Executive health programs will be on the same terms as have been provided prior to the execution of this Fourth Amendment. 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC.: 
 
 EXECUTIVE: 

By: /s/ Martin R. Baker 
 
 By: /s/ Alejandro Centurion 

Martin R. Baker 
 
 Alejandro Centurion 

SVP General Counsel 
 
 Executive Vice President and President of Greenbrier Manufacturing Operations 

Page 4 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 gbx-ex1028_669.htm
 EX-10.28

gbx-ex1028_669.htm

Exhibit 10.28 
 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of August 27, 2021 (this Amendment ), is entered into among THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC., an Oregon corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018 (as amended or modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as provided herein (the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. Amendments . Effective upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 below: 
 (a) the Existing Credit Agreement (but not the schedules and exhibits thereto) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in Annex A attached hereto; 
 (b) Schedule 2.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in Schedule 2.01 attached hereto; 
 (c) Schedules 7.02 and 7.03 of the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entireties as set forth in Schedules 7.02 and 7.03 , respectively, attached hereto; and 
 (d) Exhibits A and I of the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entireties as set forth in Exhibits A and I , respectively, attached hereto. 
 2. Release of Real Property Collateral . Effective as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the other holders of the Obligations, hereby terminates and releases all existing mortgages and deeds of trust in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the other holders of the Obligations) on the real property of the Loan Parties constituting Collateral. The Administrative Agent will, at the expense of the Borrower, promptly execute and deliver to the Borrower (or such Person as the Borrower may designate) any and all release or termination documents and take such other action, in each case, as the Borrower may reasonably request to evidence the foregoing termination and release of such mortgages and deeds of trust. The Lenders hereby authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to do the foregoing . 

3. Acknowledgement . The Loan Parties have advised the Lenders that Southwest Steel Casting Company, LLC SSCC , a Guarantor, had been delayed in paying its franchise tax bill to the State of Texas Comptroller Texas Comptroller ). The Loan Parties represent that, as of the date hereof, the franchise tax bill has been paid, however, the Texas Comptroller has not restored SSCC into good standing. The Lenders hereby acknowledge the foregoing and waive compliance with Section 5.01 of the Credit Agreement , the second sentence of Section 5.07 of the Credit Agreement and Section 6.05 of the Credit Agreement with respect to SSCC on the date hereof and for a period of thirty (30) days hereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree) to allow SSCC time to provide evidence that SSCC is good standing under the Laws of Texas . 
 4. Effectiveness; Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall be effective on the date on which all the conditions set forth in this Section 4 have been satisfied (such date, the Second Amendment Effective Date ): 
 (a) receipt by the Administrative Agent of the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each of the Administrative Agent: 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Amendment, each executed by each Loan Party and each Lender; 
 (ii) favorable opinions of legal counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date; 
 (iii) (A) copies of the Organization Documents of each Loan Party certified to be true and complete as of a recent date by the appropriate Governmental Authority of the state or other jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, where applicable, and certified by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party to be true and correct as of the Second Amendment Effective Date; (B) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; and (C) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its state of organization or formation; and 
 (iv) an updated Borrowing Base Certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, which shall be calculated as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which a Borrowing Base Certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) of the Credit Agreement and shall be calculated on a pro forma basis giving effect to the release of the mortgages and deeds of trust contemplated hereby; 
 (b) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received (i) at least five Business Days prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, all documentation and other information that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and (ii) at least five Business Days prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower; 
 2 

(c) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all accrued fees and expenses required to be paid on the Second Amendment Effective Date; and 
 (d) the Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Second Amendment Effective Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
 5. Ratification of Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents . Except as specifically amended, released or terminated herein, all Loan Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The Loan Parties acknowledge and consent to the terms set forth herein and agree that the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents or in any way impair, reduce or limit any of the obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, as amended hereby. This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 6. Authority/Enforceability . Each Loan Party represents and warrants as follows: 
 (a) it has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; 
 (b) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable Debtor Relief Laws and general principles of equity; 
 (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by each Loan Party does not conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any (x) with respect to the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens), Contractual Obligation or (y) with respect to any conflict, breach or contravention or payment, Contractual Obligation, in each case, to which such Loan Party is a party or affecting such Loan Party or the properties of such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject; and 
 (d) the execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Amendment does not (i) contravene the terms of its Organization Documents or (ii) violate any material Law. 
 7. Waiver of Breakage Costs . Inasmuch as the Revolving Loans and Term Loan are outstanding under the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower must make prepayments and adjustments on such Loans as are necessary to give effect to the Revolving Commitments and Term Loan of the Lenders set forth on Schedule 2.01 attached hereto. The Borrower, in consultation with the Administrative Agent, has endeavored to manage the allocation of the Commitments, the Term Loan and the selection of Interest Periods with respect to outstanding Eurocurrency Rate Loans in such a manner as to minimize breakage costs. Nonetheless, such prepayments of such Loans under the Credit Agreement likely will cause breakage costs. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.05 of the Credit Agreement, each of the Lenders party hereto hereby waives its right to receive compensation or reimbursement for such breakage costs (a) in connection with the reallocation of the 
 3 

Revolving Commitments and Term Loan on the Second Amendment Effective Date and (b) in connection with any resetting of the Interest Period for the Loans outstanding as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 8. Reallocation . The Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that the Revolving Commitment and Term Loan of each Lender as set forth on Schedule 2.01 attached hereto is the Revolving Commitment and Term Loan of such Lender as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, with the reallocation of the outstanding Revolving Loans under the Revolving Commitment and the Term Loan of the Lenders as they existed immediately prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date having been made per instructions from the Administrative Agent, and neither any Assignment and Acceptance nor any other action of any Person is required to give effect to the Term Loans as set forth on Schedule 2.01 attached hereto. 
 9. Representations and Warranties of the Loan Parties . Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that after giving effect to this Amendment (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, except as acknowledged in this Amendment, and (b) no Default exists or would result from the Credit Extensions contemplated by this Amendment or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 10. Amendments; Counterparts/Facsimile . This Amendment shall not be construed as a waiver of or consent to any further or future action on the part of the Borrower that would require a waiver or consent of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or e-mail transmission (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment and execution using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record shall be permitted in accordance with Section 10.20 of the Credit Agreement. 
 11. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 12. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 13. Headings . The headings of the sections hereof are provided for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Amendment. 
 14. Severability . If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER: 
 
 THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President of Corporate Finance and Treasurer 

GUARANTORS: 
 
 GREENBRIER-CONCARRIL, LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

GREENBRIER MANAGEMENT SERVICES, LLC 
 
 By: GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 Its: Sole Member 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

GREENBRIER RAILCAR LEASING, INC. 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

GUNDERSON LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

GUNDERSON MARINE LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

GUNDERSON RAIL SERVICES LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

GUNDERSON SPECIALTY PRODUCTS, LLC 
 
 By: GUNDERSON LLC 
 Its: Sole Member 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

GREENBRIER CENTRAL, LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 MERIDIAN RAIL ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

MERIDIAN RAIL HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Southwest Steel Casting Company, LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

Southwest Steel Property LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

ARI Component Venture LLC 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

By: /s Anthea Del Bianco 
 Name: Anthea Del Bianco 
 Title: Vice President 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

LENDERS 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Michael Snook 
 Name: Michael Snook 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

MUFG UNION BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Steve Sloan 
 Name: Steve Sloan 
 Title: Director 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Shane Johnson 
 Name: Shane Johnson 
 Title: Executive Director 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Dawn Mace Moore 
 Name: Dawn Mace Moore 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

BANK OF THE WEST, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Gisel Hillner 
 Name: Gisel Hillner 
 Title: Director, Senior Lead Relationship Manager 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CREDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL, NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Adrienne Molloy 
 Name: Adrienne Molloy 
 Title: Managing Director 

By: /s Andrew McKuin 
 Name: Andrew McKuin 
 Title: Managing Director 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

WASHINGTON FEDERAL, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Jim Kennedy 
 
 Name: Jim Kennedy 
 
 Title: Vice President Senior Relationship Manager 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Darran Wee 
 Name: Darran Wee 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

REGIONS BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Maggie Halleland 
 Name: Maggie Halleland 
 Title: Director 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Darren Santos 
 Name: Darren Santos 
 Title: SVP, 22672 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC, 
 as a Lender 

By: Rebecca Kratz 
 Name: Rebecca Kratz 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

COLUMBIA STATE BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Matt Hrdlicka 
 Name: Matt Hrdlicka 
 Title: Vice President 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CATHAY BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s James Campbell 
 Name: James Campbell 
 Title: First Vice President 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

FIRST INDEPENDENCE NATIONAL BANK OF DETROIT, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Lincoln Mason 
 Name: Lincoln Mason 
 Title: Commercial Lender 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ANNEX A 
 CONFORMED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Published CUSIP Number: 39365MAA6 (deal) 
 39365MAB4 (revolver) 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of September 26, 2018 
 among 
 THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. , 
 as the Borrower, 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , 
 as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 The Other Lenders Party Hereto 
 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC. , 
 as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, 
 MUFG UNION BANK, N.A. , 
 as Syndication Agent, 
 and 
 
 BANK OF THE WEST, 
 BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY, 
 FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 and 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Co-Documentation Agents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 
 1 

1.01 
 
 Defined Terms1 

1.02 
 
 Other Interpretive Provisions40 

1.03 
 
 Accounting Terms41 

1.04 
 
 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents41 

1.05 
 
 Additional Alternative Currencies42 

1.06 
 
 Change of Currency43 

1.07 
 
 Times of Day; Rates43 

1.08 
 
 Letter of Credit Amounts43 

1.09 
 
 Divisions44 

ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 
 44 

2.01 
 
 Committed Loans44 

2.02 
 
 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans45 

2.03 
 
 Letters of Credit47 

2.04 
 
 Swing Line Loans56 

2.05 
 
 Security58 

2.06 
 
 Prepayments58 

2.07 
 
 Termination or Reduction of Commitments60 

2.08 
 
 Repayment of Loans61 

2.09 
 
 Interest62 

2.10 
 
 Fees62 

2.11 
 
 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate63 

2.12 
 
 Evidence of Debt64 

2.13 
 
 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback64 

2.14 
 
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders66 

2.15 
 
 Incremental Facility Loans67 

2.16 
 
 Cash Collateral69 

2.17 
 
 Defaulting Lenders70 

2.18 
 
 ESG Adjustments72 

ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 
 73 

3.01 
 
 Taxes73 

3.02 
 
 Illegality78 

3.03 
 
 Inability to Determine Rates78 

3.04 
 
 Increased Costs82 

3.05 
 
 Compensation for Losses83 

3.06 
 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders84 

3.07 
 
 Survival85 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 
 85 

4.01 
 
 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension85 

4.02 
 
 Conditions to all Credit Extensions86 

4.03 
 
 Conditions to the Borrowing of the Term Loan87 

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 87 

5.01 
 
 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws87 

i 

5.02 
 
 Authorization; No Contravention 87 

5.03 
 
 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents88 

5.04 
 
 Binding Effect88 

5.05 
 
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect88 

5.06 
 
 Litigation89 

5.07 
 
 No Default89 

5.08 
 
 Ownership of Property; Liens89 

5.09 
 
 Environmental Compliance89 

5.10 
 
 Insurance89 

5.11 
 
 Taxes90 

5.12 
 
 ERISA Compliance90 

5.13 
 
 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests90 

5.14 
 
 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act91 

5.15 
 
 Disclosure91 

5.16 
 
 Compliance with Laws91 

5.17 
 
 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc91 

5.18 
 
 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption92 

5.19 
 
 No Affected Financial Institution92 

ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 92 

6.01 
 
 Financial Statements92 

6.02 
 
 Certificates; Other Information93 

6.03 
 
 Notices95 

6.04 
 
 Payment of Tax Obligations96 

6.05 
 
 Preservation of Existence, Etc96 

6.06 
 
 Maintenance of Properties96 

6.07 
 
 Maintenance of Insurance96 

6.08 
 
 Compliance with Laws97 

6.09 
 
 Books and Records97 

6.10 
 
 Inspection Rights97 

6.11 
 
 Use of Proceeds98 

6.12 
 
 [Reserved]98 

6.13 
 
 Additional Subsidiary Guarantors98 

6.14 
 
 Pledged Assets99 

6.15 
 
 Anti-Corruption Laws100 

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 100 

7.01 
 
 Liens100 

7.02 
 
 Investments103 

7.03 
 
 Indebtedness105 

7.04 
 
 Fundamental Changes107 

7.05 
 
 Dispositions108 

7.06 
 
 Restricted Payments109 

7.07 
 
 Change in Nature of Business110 

7.08 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates110 

7.09 
 
 Burdensome Agreements111 

7.10 
 
 Use of Proceeds112 

7.11 
 
 Financial Covenants112 

7.12 
 
 [Reserved]112 

7.13 
 
 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws112 

ii 

ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 
 113 

8.01 
 
 Events of Default113 

8.02 
 
 Remedies Upon Event of Default115 

8.03 
 
 Application of Funds115 

ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 116 

9.01 
 
 Appointment and Authority116 

9.02 
 
 Rights as a Lender117 

9.03 
 
 Exculpatory Provisions117 

9.04 
 
 Reliance by Administrative Agent118 

9.05 
 
 Delegation of Duties119 

9.06 
 
 Resignation of Administrative Agent119 

9.07 
 
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Arranger, Sustainability Coordinator, and Other Lenders120 

9.08 
 
 No Other Duties, Etc121 

9.09 
 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding121 

9.10 
 
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters122 

9.11 
 
 Treasury Management Agreements and Swap Contracts123 

9.12 
 
 ERISA Matters124 

9.13 
 
 Recovery of Erroneous Payments125 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 125 

10.01 
 
 Amendments, Etc125 

10.02 
 
 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication127 

10.03 
 
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement129 

10.04 
 
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver130 

10.05 
 
 Payments Set Aside132 

10.06 
 
 Successors and Assigns132 

10.07 
 
 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality137 

10.08 
 
 Right of Setoff138 

10.09 
 
 Interest Rate Limitation138 

10.10 
 
 Integration; Effectiveness138 

10.11 
 
 Survival of Representations and Warranties138 

10.12 
 
 Severability139 

10.13 
 
 Replacement of Lenders139 

10.14 
 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc140 

10.15 
 
 Waiver of Jury Trial142 

10.16 
 
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice142 

10.17 
 
 Judgment Currency142 

10.18 
 
 Statutory Notice143 

10.19 
 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility143 

10.20 
 
 Electronic Execution143 

10.21 
 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions144 

10.22 
 
 Amendment and Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement145 

10.23 
 
 Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs145 

iii 

SCHEDULES 
 1.01 Existing Letters of Credit 
 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 5.03 Governmental Authorizations; Other Consents 
 5.10 Insurance 
 5.13 Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments 
 5.17 IP Rights 
 7.01 Existing Liens 
 7.02 Existing Investments 
 7.03 Existing Indebtedness 
 7.09 Burdensome Agreements 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 
 EXHIBITS 
 Form of 
 A Committed Loan Notice 
 B Swing Line Loan Notice 
 C Note 
 D Compliance Certificate 
 E Assignment and Assumption 
 F Subsidiary Guaranty 
 G 1-4 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 H Borrowing Base Certificate 
 I Notice of Prepayment J Secured Party Designation Notice 
 K Solvency Certificate 

iv 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Agreement is entered into as of September 26, 2018, among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. , an Oregon corporation (the Borrower ), each Lender (defined herein) from time to time a party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT 
 The Borrower is a party to a certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 29, 2015 with certain Lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for such Lenders (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time until (but not including) the date of this Agreement, the Existing Credit Agreement ), which credit agreement amended and restated a certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011, which credit agreement amended and restated a certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 7, 2006, which credit agreement amended and restated a certain Credit Agreement dated as of June 29, 2005. 
 The parties to this Agreement desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein and to restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety to read as follows. This Agreement is not a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide each of them with revolving loans and letters of credit, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
 Article I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1.01 Defined Terms . 
 As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 Account has the meaning provided in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in New York as of the Closing Date and shall also include any rights to payment evidenced by or constituting chattel paper (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in New York as of the Closing Date). 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America, acting as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 1 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Revolving Commitments of all the Lenders and the Term Loan Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Aggregate Revolving Commitments means the Revolving Commitments of all the Lenders. The amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in effect on the Closing Date is 600,000,000. 
 Agreement means this Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Alternative Currency means each of (a) the Euro, (b) the Canadian Dollar, (c) Sterling, (d) to the extent available to all Lenders, Mexican Peso and (e) each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.05 . 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension: 
 (a) denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment; and 
 (b) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.05(a plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.05(a) ; 
 provided , that , if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate. All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 Alternative Currency Equivalent means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg (or such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates), to be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided , however , that if no such rate is available, the Alternative Currency Equivalent shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). 
 Alternative Currency Loan means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. 
 2 

Alternative Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of 50,000,000 and the amount available under the Revolver Ceiling. The Alternative Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s. 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension: 
 (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 
 (b) denominated in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the CDOR Rate on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 
 (c) denominated in Mexican Pesos, the rate per annum equal to the Interbanking Equilibrium Interest Rate TIIE ), as published by Banco de Mexico in the Federation s Official Gazette (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 
 (d) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.05(a plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.05(a) ; 
 provided , that , if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 American Railcar Acquisition means the acquisition by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets constituting the Manufacturing business segment of American Railcar Industries, Inc. and the other Acquired Assets (as defined in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement), in each case, pursuant to the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement . 
 American Railcar Acquisition Agreement means t hat certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2019, among American Railcar Industries, Inc., the Borrower and GBXL (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time and together with all schedules thereto) . 
 American Railcar Acquisition Closing Date means the date that the American Railcar Acquisition is consummated. 
 3 

Applicable Authority means, with respect to any Alternative Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator. 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, (a) with respect to such Lender s Revolving Commitment at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments represented by such Lender s Revolving Commitment at such time; provided that if the commitments of each Lender to make Revolving Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Revolving Commitments have expired, then such Applicable Percentage shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments, and (b) (i) during the Term Loan Availability Period, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate Term Loan Commitments represented by such Lender s Term Loan Commitment at such time and (ii) thereafter, with respect to such Lender s portion of the outstanding Term Loan at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan held by such Lender at such time. The Applicable Percentages of each Lender as of the First Amendment Effective Date are set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption (or other document contemplated by this Agreement) pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. The Applicable Percentages shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . 
 Applicable Rate means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(b) : 

Applicable Rate 

Pricing Level 
 
 Consolidated Capitalization Ratio 
 
 Commitment Fee 
 
 Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Loans + 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 Base Rate Loans 

1 
 
 > 0.60:1.0 
 
 0.30 
 
 2.00 
 
 1.00 

2 
 
 > 0.50:1.0 but 0.60:1.0 
 
 0.25 
 
 1.75 
 
 0.75 

3 
 
 0.50:1.0 
 
 0.20 
 
 1.50 
 
 0.50 

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b) ; provided , however , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then upon request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level 1 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and Pricing Level 1 shall remain in effect until the first Business Day immediately following the date on which such Compliance Certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b) . The Applicable Rate in effect from the Second Amendment Effective Date through delivery of the Compliance Certificate for the fiscal quarter ending on August 31, 2021 shall be determined based upon Pricing Level 3. 
 4 

Applicable Time means, with respect to any borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Arranger means BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, in each case (a) and (b) if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. 
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus of 1 , (ii) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate and (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.0 ; provided that if the 
 5 

Base Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement . The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including its costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 
 Base Rate Committed Loan means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. All Base Rate Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 3.03(c) then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 Benchmark Replacement means: 

(1) 
 
 For purposes of Section 3.03(c)(i) , the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: 

(a) 
 
 the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months duration, 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of six-months duration, and 0.71513 (71.513 basis points) for an Available Tenor of twelve-months duration, or 

(b) 
 
 the sum of: (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) 0.26161 (26.161 basis points); 

 provided that, if initially LIBOR is replaced with the rate contained in clause (b) above (Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable spread adjustment) and subsequent to such replacement, the Administrative Agent determines that Term SOFR has become available and is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and each Lender of such availability, then from and after the beginning of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Benchmark Replacement shall be as set forth in clause (a) above; and 

(2) 
 
 for purposes of Section 3.03(c)(ii) , the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by a Relevant Governmental Body, for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time; 

 provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than zero percent (0 ), the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero percent (0 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 6 

Any Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, the timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark or a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such administrator announcing or stating that all Available Tenors are or will no longer be representative, or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide any representative tenors of such Benchmark after such specific date. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrowing means a Committed Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require. 
 Borrowing Base means, as of any date of determination, with respect to the assets of the Loan Parties, the difference between (A) the sum of (i) the lesser of (A) 85 of the Dollar amount of the net book value of the Perfected Lease Assets and (B) 85 of the Dollar amount of the orderly liquidation value of the Perfected Lease Assets (determined as of the most recent appraisal thereof), (ii) 60 of the Dollar amount of the net book value of Unperfected Lease Assets (not to exceed 15,000,000 in the aggregate), (iii) 80 of the Dollar amount of Eligible Accounts, (iv) 50 of the Dollar amount of Eligible Inventory, 
 7 

and (v) 50 of the Dollar amount of Eligible Property, Plant and Equipment minus (B) the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan and all Incremental Term Loans on such date . Without limiting the foregoing, Excluded Property shall not be included in the Borrowing Base. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate in a form attached as Exhibit H or other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which calculates the Borrowing Base as of any date of determination. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located, and (where applicable): 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Dollars in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market; 
 (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day; 
 (c) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom; and 
 (d) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
 Canadian Dollar or CDN means lawful currency of Canada. 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) the L/C Issuer. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, (b) any change in any Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
 8 

Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which: 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all Equity Interests that such person or group has the right to acquire (such right, an option right ), whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of 35 or more of the Equity Interests of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or 
 (b) during any period of 24 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. 
 Closing Date means September 26, 2018. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Collateral means any and all assets and rights and interests in or to property of the Loan Parties, whether tangible or intangible, in which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted pursuant to the Loan Documents to secure any of the Obligations. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, the Revolving Commitment of such Lender and/or the Term Loan Commitment of such Lender. 
 Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 Committed Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Revolving Loan, the Term Loan or an Incremental Term Loan. 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which shall be substantially in the form 
 9 

of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq. ). 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SONIA or any proposed Successor Rate for an Alternative Currency, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of SONIA , Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Alternative Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Alternative Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA plus rent expense for the period of the four prior fiscal quarters ending on such date to (b) Consolidated Interest Charges (excluding (i) any non-cash impact associated with any equity or equity-linked securities, and (ii) any prepayment premiums or penalties associated with the voluntary prepayment or redemption of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 paid in cash by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) plus rent expense for such period. Solely for purposes of this definition, rent expense shall include operating lease expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of prepayment premiums excluded from Consolidated Interest Charges pursuant to the parenthetical in clause (b) of the preceding sentence, together with the aggregate amount of consent fees added back to Consolidated Net Income for purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(vi) of such definition, shall not exceed 3 of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 so prepaid or redeemed. In addition, solely for purposes of this definition and in the sole discretion of the Borrower, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Charges shall include pro-forma adjustments to incorporate the financial results of any entity acquired during the subject period by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Capitalization Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date to (b) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness plus Stockholders Equity as of such date. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (a) the following to 
 10 

the extent deducted (except in the case of clause (vii)) in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: (i) Consolidated Interest Charges for such period, (ii) income tax expense or benefit (net of income tax credits) as reported on the consolidated statement of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) other extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring charges, expenses or losses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period, (v) non-cash stock compensation expenses for such period which do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period, (vi) consent fees (excluding fees to waive existing defaults) paid to holders of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 , (vii) to the extent not already included in Consolidated EBITDA, (A) any costs (including fees and expenses) incurred to the extent indemnified or otherwise covered by a third party (to the extent received by the Loan Parties during such period ), (B) any costs incurred with respect to liability or casualty events, to the extent covered by insurance and received during such period, and (C) proceeds of business interruption insurance received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (viii) costs, fees, expenses, charges and any one-time payments made related to (A) the Loan Parties negotiation and entry into the Loan Documents (including the Second Amendment) , or (B) any Permitted Acquisition or any debt or equity offering (whether or not consummated) , including, without limitation, amendments, waivers or forbearances of the Greenbrier Leasing Debt Documents, (ix) all unrealized non-cash losses under interest rate Swap Contracts during such period , and (x restructuring charges or expenses, whether or not classified as restructuring charges or expenses under GAAP, including integration costs, restructuring costs related to acquisitions and to closure or consolidation of facilities or locations, facilities opening costs and other business optimization expenses, curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans, retention or completion bonuses and any expense related to any reconstruction, de-commissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternate use; provided that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (x) shall not exceed 5 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (determined prior to giving effect to such add-back) minus (b) to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, (i) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring income or gains of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries increasing such Consolidated Net Income which does not represent a cash item in such period or any future period and (ii) all unrealized non-cash gains under interest rate Swap Contracts during such period , plus c the amount of cost savings and operating expense reduction s projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such items had been realized on the first day of such period) by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as a result of actions taken or to be taken in connection with (and no later than eighteen (1 8 months after the consummation of) a Permitted Acquisition (which will be added to Consolidated EBITDA as so projected until fully realized and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such cost savings and operating expense reductions had been realized on the first day of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions, provided , that , (1) a duly completed certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent certifying that such net cost savings or operating expense reductions are reasonably identifiable and/or reasonably anticipated to be realized as a result of actions taken or to be taken within eighteen (1 8 months of such transaction or notification by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of such initiative, as applicable, and are factually supportable and (2) no such addbacks shall be permitted for any period after the eighteen -month anniversary of such Permitted Acquisition . Notwithstanding the for e going, (x) the aggregate amount of consent fees added back to Consolidated Net Income for purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(vi) of the preceding sentence, together with the aggregate amount of prepayment premiums excluded from Consolidated Interest Charges pursuant to the parenthetical in clause (b) of the first sentence of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio, shall not exceed 3 of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 so repaid or the holders of which have been so compensated and (y) the aggregate amount of add-backs made pursuant to clause c of the preceding sentence for such period shall not exceed an amount equal to 15 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (determined prior to giving effect to such add-backs) , and, in no event shall the maximum amount of such addbacks with respect to the American Railcar Acquisition exceed 30,000,000 . For purposes of clarification, gains or losses on 
 11 

purchases or sales of equipment in the ordinary course of the Borrower s and its Subsidiaries business shall not constitute non-recurring income or expenses for purposes of determining Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, without duplication, the sum of: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; (b) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, advisory fees and any earn-out obligation until such earn-out obligation is required to become a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP); (c) Indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including Indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such Indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; provided , however , that if such Indebtedness is limited in recourse to the property encumbered thereby, such Indebtedness shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of the (i) fair market value of such asset at such date of determination and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness; (d) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; (e) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Disqualified Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; (f) all Guarantees with respect to Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (e) above of another Person; and (g) all Indebtedness of the types referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary is a general partner or joint venturer, except to the extent that Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees (other than fees that are capitalized and amortized over the life of a loan), prepayment fees, Swap Contract expenses or breakage fees, charges and related expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, and (b) the portion of rent expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to such period under capital leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (excluding extraordinary items) for that period; provided , however , that, without duplication, Consolidated Net Income shall be calculated without giving effect to (a) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles, (b) any write-off of deferred financing costs incurred as a result of the refinancing of Indebtedness, (c) purchase accounting adjustments required or permitted by GAAP, (d) any non-cash net after-tax income or loss from operating results of discontinued operations as determined by GAAP, and any after-tax gains or losses from sales of discontinued operations, (e) any non-cash impairment, charges or asset write-downs or write-offs (other than write-downs or write-offs of current assets), and (f) the net income (or loss) for such period of any Person that is not a Subsidiary; provided that Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be increased by the amount of dividends, distributions and other payments based on equity ownership that are actually paid in cash to the Borrower or a Subsidiary in respect of such period, in each case pursuant to GAAP. 
 Consolidated Tangible Assets means, as of any date, the book value of total assets of the Borrower and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis minus the book value of intangible assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, goodwill), as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 12 

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the secured overnight financing rate SOFR published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 Debt Issuance means the issuance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness other than Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 . 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum; provided , however , that with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2 per annum. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(c) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s reasonable determination (in good faith) that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s reasonable determination (in good faith) that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together 
 13 

with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in a writing reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceed ing under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action ; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(c) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. For purposes of clarification, the use of cash, cash equivalents or money in the ordinary course of business or in a manner not otherwise expressly prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, in each case, shall not constitute a Disposition or to Dispose under this Agreement. 
 Disqualified Equity Interest means any Equity Interest of any Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof) or upon the happening of any event (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof or upon a change of control (as defined therein) or an asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of such change in control or asset sale are subject to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and all Letters of Credit that remain outstanding that have been Cash Collateralized or with respect to which other arrangements satisfactory to the L/C Issuer have been made) and the termination of all Commitments and the termination of this Agreement) or is mandatorily redeemable in cash pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable in cash at the option of the holder thereof (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof or upon a change of control (as defined therein) or an asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of such change in control or asset sale are subject to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and all Letters of Credit that remain outstanding that have been Cash Collateralized or with respect to which other arrangements satisfactory to the L/C Issuer have been made) and the termination of all Commitments and the termination of this Agreement), or (c) requires or mandates the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance or other similar payment (other than dividends) for cash (other than in connection with or upon a change of control (as defined therein) or an asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon 
 14 

the occurrence of such change in control or asset sale are subject to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and all Letters of Credit that remain outstanding that have been Cash Collateralized or with respect to which other arrangements satisfactory to the L/C Issuer have been made) and the termination of all Commitments and the termination of this Agreement), in each case, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date . 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange rates) on the date that is two (2) Business Days immediately preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer pursuant to clauses (b or c above shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
 Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of: 
 (a) a determination by the Administrative Agent, or a notification by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent that the Borrower has made a determination, that Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 3.03(c) , are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and 
 (b) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 15 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning specified in Section 10.20(a) . 
 Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Eligible Account means an Account owned by any Loan Party which satisfies all of the following requirements: 
 (a) the Account is a genuine obligation resulting from the sale or lease of goods by, the rendition of services by or hire of vessels of by such Loan Party to a Person (other than to a Subsidiary, Affiliate, SPE or Joint Venture) in the ordinary course of business; 
 (b) the Account is subject to a first priority perfected Lien to secure the Obligations; 
 (c) there are no conditions which must be satisfied before such Loan Party is entitled to receive payment of the Account; 
 (d) the account debtor has not asserted in writing any defense to payment and has not asserted in writing any counterclaim or offset against the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 
 (e) to the extent any credit balance exists in favor of the account debtor, such credit balance has been deducted from the Account balance; 
 (f) except with respect to car hire receivables, such Loan Party has sent an invoice or statement to the account debtor in the amount of the Account; and 
 (g) Accounts arising from (i) contracts subject to performance or surety bonds with respect to which contracts the account debtors have elected to have the bonding company assume or provide for the assumption of the applicable Loan Party s performance obligations with respect thereto and (ii) any other contracts with respect to which such bonding company described in clause (i) has provided a surety or performance bond. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the amount of any Eligible Account shall be determined to be net of any portion thereof that is received by the Loan Parties for the benefit of third parties and net of any lease payments owed by the Loan Parties with respect to goods subleased by the Loan Parties to third parties. 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Sections 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) ). 
 Eligible Currency means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders of any currency as an Alternative Currency, any change in currency controls or exchange 
 16 

regulations or any change in the national or international financial, political or economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent (in the case of any Committed Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency), (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent is no longer readily calculable with respect to such currency, (c) providing such currency is impracticable for the Lenders or (d) no longer a currency in which the Required Lenders are willing to make such Credit Extensions (each of clauses (a ), b ), c ), and d a Disqualifying Event ), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrower , and such country s currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist(s). Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars, subject to the other terms contained herein. 
 Eligible Inventory means all Inventory of the Loan Parties, including raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods, valued at the lower of cost (on a FIFO basis) or market value, in accordance with GAAP, which satisfies all of the following requirements: 
 (a) the Inventory is owned by a Loan Party and is subject to a first priority perfected Lien to secure the Obligations; 
 (b) the Inventory is held for sale in the business of a Loan Party, is of good and merchantable title, and is not obsolete, defective or unsalable; 
 (c) the Inventory is covered by insurance to any extent required by any Loan Document; 
 (d) the Inventory is not subject to any licensing agreement, trademark or other proprietary right to which the applicable Loan Party is not subject or has the benefit of, and which would prohibit or restrict its sale by the Lender to third parties; and 
 (e) the Inventory is stored in the United States or Canada. 
 Eligible Property, Plant and Equipment means the net book value of all owned equipment (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in New York as of the Closing Date) and real property of the Loan Parties (i) which has been pledged or, in the case of real property, mortgaged to the Administrative Agent as security for the Obligations and against which the Administrative Agent has obtained a first priority, perfected, and, in the case of real property, title insured, security interest, (ii) which is located in the United States and (iii) in the case of real property, with respect to which the Administrative Agent has received, and is satisfied with the results of, an appraisal for such real property and a Phase I environmental assessment. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all United States federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the Release or threatened Release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation by the Borrower or any 
 17 

Subsidiary of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened R elease by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests of any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of, or interest in, (however designated) equity of such Person, including any preferred stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for Equity Interests. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 ESG has the meaning specified in Section 2.18 . 
 ESG Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.18 . 
 ESG Applicable Rate Adjustment has the meaning specified in Section 2.18 . 
 ESG Pricing Provisions has the meaning specified in Section 2.18 . 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Euro and EUR mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Eurocurrency Rate means, 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period LIBOR as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., 
 18 

London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period ; and 
 (b) for any interest rate calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR at or about 11:00 a.m. London time, determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing that day; 
 provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Eurocurrency Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 Excluded Accounts means any deposit accounts, securities accounts or other similar accounts (a) into which there are deposited no funds other than those intended solely to cover wages for employees (and related contributions to be made on behalf of such employees to health and benefit plans) plus balances for outstanding checks for wages from prior periods; (b) constituting employee withholding accounts and containing only funds deducted from pay otherwise due to employees for services rendered to be applied toward the tax obligations of such employees; (c) accounts maintained solely in trust for the benefit of third parties and fiduciary purposes; (d) into which there are deposited no funds other than those that are deposited for employee benefits (e.g. health insurance, flexible spending, etc.); and (e) zero balance accounts. 
 Excluded GBW Property means any property of Borrower or a Subsidiary from time to time that is (a) rail car repair, refurbishment and maintenance related real and personal property (including (i) customer lists, goodwill and other intangible assets, (ii) rail car repair business inventory (including work-in-process), (iii) certain contracts, permits and agreements related thereto and (iv) certain property leased related thereto) or Equity Interests in Brandon Railroad LLC or other Subsidiaries, who at the time of transfer only have assets or operations relating to railcar repair, refurbishment and maintenance assets, and (b) leases or licenses relating to rail car repair, refurbishment and maintenance assets; provided , however , if the aggregate book value of Excluded GBW Property shall at any time exceed an amount equal to 20,000,000 in the aggregate, such property that would otherwise be Excluded GBW Property pursuant to this definition that exceeds such amount shall be deemed to not be Excluded GBW Property for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Excluded Property means, collectively (a) any rights or interests under any contract, lease, license, permit or agreement, including, without limitation, interests in partnerships, joint ventures or other such non-wholly owned Subsidiaries, if under the terms of such contract, lease, license, permit or agreement, or applicable Law with respect thereto, the granting of a security interest therein in the manner contemplated by the Loan Documents is prohibited (except (i) where such prohibition has been waived or the consent of the other party to such contract, lease, permit, license or agreement has been obtained or (ii) to the extent that an otherwise applicable prohibition on such grant is rendered ineffective by the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable Laws), (b) equipment and other assets subject to a capitalized lease or purchase money Liens permitted under Section 7.01(j) or 7.01(s) that prohibit the granting of any other Lien on such equipment or other assets; provided that such equipment or other assets shall become Collateral upon release of such capitalized lease or purchase money Lien, (c) any fixtures attached to real property that is subject to a Lien permitted under Section 7.01(j) or 7.01(s) , (d) Lease-Related Assets that are subject to Liens securing Term Debt permitted under Section 7.03(d) and to the extent that the terms of 
 19 

such Term Debt prohibit the granting of any Lien on such assets to secure the Obligations; provided that such assets shall not constitute Excluded Property at any time when such Lien is not in effect, (e) any IP Rights for which a perfected Lien thereon is not effected by filing of a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or by appropriate evidence of such Lien being filed in the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office, (f) unless otherwise pledged as Collateral by the Loan Parties in their discretion, any personal property (other than personal property described in clause (e) above) for which the attachment or perfection of a Lien thereon is not governed by the Uniform Commercial Code or evidenced by filings with the Surface Transportation Board, (g) any intent-to-use applications for trademarks to the extent that, and solely during the period in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such applications under applicable Law, (h) Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary, to the extent that such Equity Interests are not required to be (and have not been) pledged pursuant to Section 6.14 , (i) Equity Interests in any Joint Venture (including Greenbrier-GIMSA, LLC), SPE, or Managed Person to the extent and for so long as either (y) the Organization Documents of such Joint Venture, SPE, or Managed Person prohibit the granting of security interests therein in the manner contemplated by the Loan Documents or (z) the terms of any financing arrangements with respect to such Joint Venture, SPE, or Managed Person prohibit the granting of Equity Interests therein in the manner contemplated by the Loan Documents, (j) margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Federal Reserve Bank), (k) Excluded Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts described in clause (e) of the definition thereof), and (l) Excluded GBW Property that is leased to GBW Railcar Services Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company or its subsidiaries . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excluded Property shall not include any property pledged in accordance with Section 6.14(c) . 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code (a CFC ), (b) any direct or indirect Subsidiary all or substantially all of the assets of which consist of, directly or indirectly, the Equity Interests in one or more CFCs and (c) any Subsidiary that is owned directly or indirectly by a CFC (other than a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States and that is treated as a C-corporation for federal income tax purposes (a Domestic C-Corp or that is owned directly or indirectly by a Domestic C-Corp the income of which is treated for federal income tax purposes as income of such Domestic C-Corp). 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant under a Loan Document by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act (or the application or official interpretation thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 28 of the Security Agreement and any and all guarantees of such Loan Party s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guarantee of such Loan Party, or grant by such Loan Party of a security interest, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap Contract, such exclusion shall apply to only the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swap Contracts for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such 
 20 

interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii) , 3.01(a)(iii) or 3.01(c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning specified in the Introductory Statement hereto. 
 Existing Letters of Credit means those Letters of Credit listed on Schedule 1.01 . 
 Facility Office means, with respect to any Lender, the office through which such Lender will perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any applicable intergovernmental agreements. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter means the letter agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means June 3, 2019. 
 Flood Hazard Property means any improved real property constituting Collateral subject to a mortgage or deed of trust in favor of the Administrative Agent that is in an area designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as having special flood or mudslide hazards. 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 21 

Fund means an y Person (other than a natural P erson) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities . 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 GBXL means Greenbrier Central, LLC (f/k/a GBXL, LLC), an Oregon limited liability company. 
 Golden West Agreements means the Re-marketing Agreement dated as of November 19, 1987 among Southern Pacific Transportation Company, St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, Greenbrier Leasing Corporation and the Greenbrier Railcar, Inc., the Amendment to Re-marketing Agreement among Southern Pacific Transportation Company, St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, Greenbrier Leasing Corporation and Greenbrier Railcar, Inc. dated as of November 15, 1988, the Amendment No. 2 to Re-marketing Agreement among Southern Pacific Transportation Company, St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, Greenbrier Leasing Corporation and Greenbrier Railcar, Inc., and the Amendment No. 3 to Re-marketing Agreement dated November 19, 1987 among Southern Pacific Transportation Company, St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, Greenbrier Leasing Corporation and Greenbrier Railcar, Inc. dated as of March 5, 1991, in each case as in effect on the Closing Date. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Greenbrier Leasing Debt Documents means the Loan Documents (as defined in that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2018, by and among Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, Bank of America, N.A., the lenders party thereto and the other parties party thereto, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time). 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, any (a) any Contractual Obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably 
 22 

anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c) . 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date, any Subsidiary (a) whose total assets, as of that date, are less than 5,000,000 and (b) whose total revenues for the most recent twelve-month period do not exceed 5,000,000. 
 Incremental Facility Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b) . 
 Incremental Facility Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Incremental Request has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Incremental Term Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank Guarantees, surety bonds and similar instruments; 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, advisory fees and any earn-out obligation until such earn-out obligation is required to become a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP); 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; provided , however , that if such indebtedness is limited in recourse to the property encumbered thereby, such indebtedness shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such asset at such date of determination and (ii) the amount of such indebtedness; 
 23 

(f) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; 
 (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Disqualified Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and 
 (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Intercreditor Agreement means (a) that certain Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Administrative Agent and the administrative agent under that certain 225,000,000 Term Debt agreement among Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, as administrative agent, and (b) any other intercreditor agreement contemplated by Section 6.14(e) . 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September, December and the Maturity Date; (c) as to any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September, December and the Maturity Date; (d) as to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September, December and the Maturity Date; and (e) as to any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall be Interest Payment Dates. 
 Interest Period means, as to each Eurocurrency Rate Loan and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable, and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter (or in the case of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Mexican Pesos, twenty-eight or ninety-one days thereafter), in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency, as selected by 
 24 

the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders ; provided that: 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 
 (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
 (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 Inventory has the meaning provided in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in New York as of the Closing Date. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property of, or a line of business or division of, another Person. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment made by any Person shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment less all cash returns, cash dividends and cash distributions (or the fair market value of any non-cash returns, dividends and distributions) received by such Person from such Investment. 
 IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.17 . 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP means the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit. 
 Joint Venture means a Person or other legal arrangement which meets the following criteria: (a) it is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other similar legal arrangement (whether created by contract or conducted through a separate legal entity) formed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with another Person in order to conduct a common venture or enterprise with such Person and (b) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly own less than 75 of the Equity Interests. 
 Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.17 . 
 KPIs has the meaning specified in Section 2.18 . 
 25 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, United States federal , state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 L/C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. All L/C Advances shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
 L/C Issuer means (a) Bank of America, (b) solely to the extent that Bank of America is unable or unwilling to issue such Letters of Credit hereunder, any other Lender with a Revolving Commitment that upon request of the Borrower agrees to issue one or more Letters of Credit hereunder, as issuer of such Letters of Credit, and/or (c) any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. The term L/C Issuer when used with respect to a Letter of Credit or the L/C Obligations relating to a Letter of Credit shall refer to the L/C Issuer that issued such Letter of Credit. 
 L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts with respect to Letters of Credit, including L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 Lease-Related Assets means (1) locomotives, rail cars, rolling stock, marine barges and other surface transportation equipment (and any accessions and attachments thereto) that are leased, or are held for lease, by a Loan Party to third Persons, (2) the accounts, chattel paper, documents, instruments, general intangibles (but excluding intellectual property) and commercial tort claims arising from or relating to the lease, sale, exchange or other disposition of the foregoing locomotives, rail cars, rolling stock, marine barges and other surface transportation equipment or evidencing rights in any of the assets described in clauses (1), (2), (3) and/or (4) of this definition, (3) the books and records relating or pertaining to or evidencing the foregoing and (4) the proceeds and products of the foregoing assets described in clauses (1), (2) and/or (3) above. 
 Lender means each of the Persons identified as a Lender on the signature pages hereto and each other Person that becomes a Lender in accordance with this Agreement and their successors and assigns and, as the context requires, includes the Swing Line Lender. 
 Lender Parties mean, collectively, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer. 
 26 

Lending Office means, as to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, the office or offices of such Person described as such in such Person s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as such Person may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each references to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 Letter of Credit means a standby or sight draft commercial letter of credit issued under this Agreement providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in Alternative Currencies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a letter of credit (other than the Existing Letters of Credit) issued by an L/C Issuer other than Bank of America shall not be a Letter of Credit for purposes of the Loan Documents until such time as the Administrative Agent has been notified in writing of the issuance thereof by the applicable L/C Issuer and has confirmed with such L/C Issuer that there exists adequate availability under the Revolver Ceiling to issue such letter of credit. 
 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer. 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Fee means any letter of credit fee payable by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, pursuant to Section 2.03(h) . 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of 100,000,000 or the amount available under the Revolver Ceiling. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. As of the Closing Date, the Letter of Credit Sublimit of the L/C Issuer is set forth on Schedule 2.01 . 
 LIBOR has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan or a Swing Line Loan. 
 Loan Documents means (a) this Agreement, (b) each Note, (c) each Issuer Document, (d) the Fee Letter, (e) the Subsidiary Guaranty, (f) the Security Agreement, (g) the Pledge Agreement, (h) any Intercreditor Agreement, (i) each ESG Amendment, (j) each Incremental Facility Amendment, and (k) each other security agreement, pledge, deed of trust, mortgage or other document purporting to create a Lien on the Collateral. Loan Documents shall not include Swap Contracts or Treasury Management Agreements. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 27 

Managed Person means any entity for which a Loan Party provides management or other services but with respect to which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has any ownership interest. 
 Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties or financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Loan Parties taken as a whole to perform their material obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which they are a party. 
 Material Contractual Obligation means, with respect to any Person, (i) each Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by such Person of an amount equal to or greater than the Threshold Amount (other than purchase orders in the ordinary course of the business of such Person), and (ii) all other contracts or agreements, the loss of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Maturity Date means August 27, 2026; provided , however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 Mexican Peso means the lawful currency of Mexico. 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 105 of the Fronting Exposure of the L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16(a)(i) , (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) , an amount equal to 105 of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer in their sole discretion. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type subject to and described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means the aggregate cash or cash equivalents proceeds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Disposition, Debt Issuance or Recovery Event, net of (a) direct costs incurred in connection therewith (including legal, accounting and investment banking fees, and sales commissions), (b) taxes paid or reasonably estimated by Borrower to be payable as a result thereof, (c) in the case of any Disposition or any Recovery Event, the amount necessary to retire any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien (ranking senior to any Lien of the Administrative Agent) on the related property, (d) the amount of any reserves established to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by Borrower), provided that , upon the reversal of any such reserve, the amount of such reserve shall be included in the calculation of Net Cash Proceeds, (e) amounts reasonably and in good faith provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, in respect of any retained liabilities or purchase price adjustments, or under any indemnification obligations, associated therewith, provided that , upon the reversal of such reserve, the amount of such reserve shall be included in the calculation of Net Cash Proceeds, and (f) proceeds of business interruption insurance; it being understood that Net Cash Proceeds shall include any cash or cash equivalents received upon the 
 28 

sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in any Disposition, Debt Issuance or Recovery Event . 
 Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all directly affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.13 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender to the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit I or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including (i) interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding and (ii) all costs and expenses in connection with the enforcement or collection of the obligations that are reimbursable by any Loan Party under the terms of any Loan Document. The foregoing shall also include (a) all obligations under any Swap Contract between any Loan Party and any Lender or Affiliate of a Lender that is permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(c) (other than any Swap Contract that is subject to a Lien permitted by Section 7.01(i) ); provided , however , that the Obligations of a Loan Party shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Loan Party and (b) all obligations under any Treasury Management Agreement between any Loan Party and any Lender or Affiliate of a Lender. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 29 

Other Rate Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement other than a SOFR-based rate pursuant to i an Early Opt-in Election and ii Section 3.03(c)(ii) and clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 Other Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Outstanding Amount means (i) with respect to Committed Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Committed Loans occurring on such date; (ii) with respect to Swing Line Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Swing Line Loans occurring on such date; and (iii) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursement of Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 
 Perfected Lease Assets means those certain lease-related assets, including, but not limited to, rail cars, marine barges and other surface transportation equipment, and related chattel paper, of the Borrower, or of Subsidiary Guarantors, which have been pledged to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, as security for the Obligations, and against which the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, has obtained a first priority, perfected security interest. 
 30 

Permitted Acquisition means : (x) the American Railcar Acquisition provided that the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 are satisfied (or waived) in accordance with the terms thereof and (y) an y other Investment consisting of the acquisition by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of either (a) all or any substantial portion of the property of, or a line of business or division of, another Person or (b) at least a majority of the Voting Stock of another Person, in each case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person (any such transaction, an Acquisition ), provided , that (i) the property acquired (or the property of the Person acquired) in such Acquisition is a business, or those assets of a business, of the type that would not result in a violation of Section 7.07 , (ii) in the case of an Acquisition of the Equity Interests of another Person, the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of such other Person shall have duly approved such Acquisition, (iii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such Acquisition, the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11 on a Pro Forma Basis for the period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 , (iv) the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in each Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) at and as if made as of the date of such Acquisition (after giving effect thereto), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, (v) if such transaction involves the purchase of an interest in a partnership between a Loan Party as a general partner and entities unaffiliated with the Borrower as the other partners, such transaction shall be effected by having such equity interest acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly owned by such Loan Party newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such transaction, and (vi) immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition, there shall be at least 25,000,000 of undrawn availability under the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s and the Revolver Ceiling. 
 Permitted Liens means, at any time, Liens in respect of property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary permitted to exist at such time pursuant to the terms of Section 7.01 . 
 Permitted Share Repurchase Transaction means any purchase by the Borrower of any capital stock or other Equity Interest of the Borrower, including, without limitation any such purchase effected pursuant to any open market share repurchase program, any privately negotiated transactions or broker transactions, a forward share repurchase transaction or a share option transaction, or any combination thereof. 
 Permitted Transfers means Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05 (other than Sections 7.05(h) , (p) , (q) , (t) and (u) ). 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Pledge Agreement means that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Loan Parties party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 31 

Pro Forma Basis means, for purposes of calculating the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11 (including for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate) or as otherwise specified by this Agreement, that any adjustments in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by Section 7.02 that results in a Person becoming a Subsidiary shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the most recent four fiscal quarter period preceding the date of such transaction for which the Borrower was required to deliver (and has delivered) financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) . In connection with the foregoing, (a) income statement items attributable to the Person or property acquired shall be included to the extent relating to any period applicable in such calculations to the extent (i) such items are not otherwise included in such income statement items for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP or in accordance with any defined terms set forth in Section 1.01 and (ii) such items are supported by financial statements or other information reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (including the Person or property acquired) in connection with such transaction and any Indebtedness of the Person or property acquired which is not retired in connection with such transaction shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable period. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor means, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Qualified Equity Interests means the Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Railcar Sales in the Ordinary Course of Business means the Disposition of locomotives, rail cars, rolling stock, marine barges and other surface transportation equipment (and any accessions and attachments thereto) in the ordinary of course of business or as may be consistent with past practice, in each case, as permitted by Section 7.05 . 
 Rate Determination Date means two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Rate Determination Date means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or the L/C Issuer. 
 Recovery Event means any loss of, damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking for public use of, any property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Related Indemnified Party means with respect to any Indemnitee (a) any Controlling Person or Controlled Affiliate of such Indemnitee, (b) the respective directors, officers or employees of such Indemnitee, (c) the respective agents and advisors or other representatives of such Indemnitee, in the case of this clause (c), acting on behalf of or at the instruction of such Indemnitee; provided , that each reference to a Controlled Affiliate or Controlling Person in this definition pertains to a Controlled Affiliate or 
 32 

Controlling Person involved in the negotiation, syndication, administration and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing or migration into, onto or through the environment. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed with or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Relevant Rate means with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, LIBOR, (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Euros, EURIBOR, (d) Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, and (e) Mexican Pesos, TIIE, as applicable. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
 Required Lenders means, as at any date of determination, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50 of (a) the Dollar amount of the unfunded Commitments and the outstanding Committed Loans, L/C Obligations and participations therein or (b) if the Commitments have been terminated, the Dollar amount of the outstanding Committed Loans, L/C Obligations and participations therein. The unfunded Commitments of, and the outstanding Committed Loans, L/C Obligations and participations therein held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.13(b)(ii) . 
 Resignation Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06 . 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, controller or assistant controller, secretary or assistant secretary, treasurer or assistant treasurer of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party 
 33 

and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and appropriate authorization documentation, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower s and any Subsidiary s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof) other than, in any case, (a) dividends or distributions payable to the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, or (b) a dividend or distribution payable or other payment made solely in (i) shares in any other class of Equity Interests not constituting Disqualified Equity Interests, with terms that are not materially more favorable, taken as a whole and in the good faith determination of the Borrower, than the Equity Interests with respect to which such dividend, distribution or other payment was made or (ii) shares of any class of common Equity Interests. 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Committed Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Loan, (ii) each date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.02 , (iii) with respect to an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, each Interest Payment Date and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance, amendment and/or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (iii) in the case of the Existing Letters of Credit, the Closing Date and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 Revolver Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.07(a) , and (c) the date of termination of the Revolving Commitment of each Lender to make Revolving Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 Revolver Ceiling means the amount that is the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (b) the amount available under the Borrowing Base. 
 Revolving Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, Revolving Commitments shall include any Incremental Revolving Commitments.. 
 Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a) and shall include any Incremental Revolving Loans. Subject to the definition of Base Rate Loan , Revolving Loans may be denominated in Dollars or Alternative Currencies. 
 34 

Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. 
 Sanction(s) means any international economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government, including OFAC, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means August 27, 2021. 
 Secured Party Designation Notice shall mean a notice from any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit J . 
 Security Agreement means that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Loan Parties party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 SOFR Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR pursuant to (a) an Early Opt-in Election and (b) Section 3.03(c)(i) and clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 SONIA means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time); provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first (1 st Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.1193 (11.93 basis points) per annum. 
 SPE means any Person that is a direct or indirect, special purpose subsidiary of the Borrower that engages in no activities other than those reasonably related to or in connection with the entering into of transactions described in Section 7.05 , including lease securitization, structured finance or syndication transactions, and/or in acquiring, managing, marketing, remarketing, leasing and/or selling rail cars and which is designated by the board of directors of the Borrower as an SPE; provided (a) that neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary (i) shall provide any Guarantee or other credit support to such Person, (ii) shall have any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding with such Person other than on terms that are fair and reasonable and that are no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained from an unrelated Person (other than representations, warranties and covenants (including those relating to servicing) entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a transactions contemplated by Section 7.05(f) , including lease securitization, structured finance or syndication transactions), and (iii) shall have any obligation to maintain or preserve such Person s financial condition 
 35 

or to cause such Person to achieve certain levels of operating results and (b) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person shall be recourse to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (other than representations, warranties and covenants (including those relating to servicing) entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a transactions contemplated by Section 7.05(f) , including lease securitization, structured finance or syndication transactions). 
 Special Notice Currency means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than the currency of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in North America or Europe. 
 Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations means such of the representations made by American Railcars Industries, Inc. in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement as are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent that the Borrower (or its Affiliates) have the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate its (or its Affiliates obligations under the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement, or the right not to consummate the American Railcar Acquisition, as a result of a breach of such representations in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement. 
 Specified Representations means the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in (i) Sections 5.01(a) , 5.01(b)(ii) , 5.02 (other than 5.02(b) ), 5.04 , 5.07 (but only the second sentence thereof as it applies to no Event of Default under Section 7.13 and 5.14 of this Agreement, (ii) the solvency certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.03(g) , and (iii) subject to the second sentence of Section 4.03(f)(iv) and the last paragraph of Section 6.13 , Section 4(d) of the Security Agreement (as it relates to the assets acquired pursuant to the American Railcar Acquisition). 
 Sterling and means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Stockholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated stockholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (as reported as Total equity Greenbrier on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower, which shall not include equity attributable to non-controlling interests) as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP but excluding any non-cash impact of (i) goodwill impairment charges, (ii) increases (or decreases) from accumulated other comprehensive income (or loss) and (iii) the issuance of any equity or equity-linked securities. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. For purposes of the Loan Documents, the term Subsidiary shall not include any SPE , any Managed Person or any Joint Venture . 
 Subsidiary Guarantors means, collectively, Greenbrier-Concarril, LLC, Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, Greenbrier Management Services, LLC, Greenbrier Railcar Leasing, Inc., Greenbrier Rail Services Holdings, LLC, Gunderson LLC, Gunderson Marine LLC, Gunderson Rail Services LLC, Gunderson Specialty Products, LLC, Meridian Rail Acquisition Corp., and Meridian Rail Holdings Corp. and each other Subsidiary that becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor after the Closing Date in accordance with Section 6.13 . 
 36 

Subsidiary Guaranty means the Fourth Amended and Restated Subsidiary Guaranty made by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit F . 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 Sustainability Coordinator means BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as the sustainability coordinator. 
 Sustainability Linked Loan Principles means the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles (as published in May 2021 by the Loan Market Association, Asia Pacific Loan Market Association and Loan Syndications Trading Association) . 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Obligation means with respect to any Loan Party any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Swing Line Lender means Bank of America, or any successor Swing Line Lender hereunder. 
 Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . 
 Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b) , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 37 

Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of 25,000,000 and the amount available under the Revolver Ceiling. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s. As of the Closing Date, the Swing Line Sublimit of the Swing Line Lender is set forth on Schedule 2.01 . 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Debt has the meaning specified in Section 7.03(d) . 
 Term Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b) (and includes any advance of any Incremental Term Loan that increases the Term Loan). 
 Term Loan Availability Period means the period from and including the First Amendment Effective Date to the earliest of (a) the date of termination of all of the Term Loan Commitments pursuant to Section 2.07(b) , (b) the consummation of the American Railcar Acquisition with or without the funding of the Term Loan, (c) the date of the termination of the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement by the Borrower or with the Borrower s consent, prior to the closing of the American Railcar Acquisition, (d) the public announcement of the abandonment of the American Railcar Acquisition by the Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) and (e) the End Date (as defined in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement as in effect on April 17, 2019). 
 Term Loan Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make its portion of the Term Loan to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b) , in the principal amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Commitments of all of the Lenders as in effect on the Second Amendment Effective Date is 291,890,000 (of which 273,750,000 is outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Second Amendment). 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor (or if any Available Tenor of a Benchmark does not correspond to an Available Tenor for the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the closest corresponding Available Tenor and if such Available Tenor corresponds equally to two Available Tenors of the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the Corresponding Tenor of the shorter duration shall be applied), the forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 38 

Threshold Amount means 25,000,000. 
 Total Revolving Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations. 
 Treasury Management Agreement means any agreement governing the provision of treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services, credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called procurement cards or P-cards and other cash management services. 
 Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. 
 UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce ICC Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unperfected Lease Assets means those certain lease-related assets, including, but not limited to, rail cars, marine barges and other surface transportation equipment, and related chattel paper, of the Borrower, or of Subsidiary Guarantors, which have been pledged to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, as security for the Obligations, but for which the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, has not received a first priority, perfected security interest. 
 Unreimbursed Amount means, with respect to any drawing under a Letter of Credit that is not reimbursed by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.03(c)(i) , the amount of such unreimbursed drawing. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(3) . 
 39 

Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years (and/or portion thereof) obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness . 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . 
 With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including ; the words to and until each mean to but excluding ; and the word through means to and including . 
 40 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 1.03 Accounting Terms . 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that , until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
 (c) Calculations; Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . Notwithstanding the above, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that all calculations of the financial covenants in Section 7.11 (including for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate) shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis. All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity (other than any such entity that is an SPE) that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB Interpretation No. 46 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities: an interpretation of ARB No. 51 (January 2003) as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, any change in GAAP requiring leases which were previously classified as operating leases to be treated as capitalized leases shall be ignored for the purpose of determining Indebtedness hereunder and such leases shall continue to be treated as operating leases for such purpose consistent with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. 
 1.04 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable. 
 41 

(b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Committed Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a n Alternative Currency Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars but such Committed Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency E quivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. 
 1.05 Additional Alternative Currencies . 
 (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Alternative Currency Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency provided that such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Alternative Currency Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders obligated to make Credit Extensions in such currency; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer. 
 (b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 8:00 a.m., 20 Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the L/C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the L/C Issuer thereof. Each Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., ten Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Alternative Currency Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. 
 (c) Any failure by a Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Alternative Currency Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders that would be obligated to make Credit Extensions denominated in such requested currency consent to making Alternative Currency Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and (i) the Administrative Agent and such Lenders may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (ii) to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, reflects the appropriate interest rate for such currency or has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Committed Borrowings of Alternative Currency Loans. If the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and (A) the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may amend the definition of Alternative Currency 
 42 

Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rat e, as applicable, to the extent necessary to add the applicable r ate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (B) to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rat e, as applicable, has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.05 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. Any specified currency of an Existing Letter of Credit that is neither Dollars nor one of the Alternative Currencies specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency shall be deemed an Alternative Currency with respect to such Existing Letter of Credit only. 
 1.06 Change of Currency . 
 (a) The obligation of the Borrower to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the Closing Date shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any Committed Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Committed Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period. 
 (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. 
 (c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 
 1.07 Times of Day; Rates . 
 Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate , Alternative Currency Term Rate , Eurocurrency Rate or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement and any Successor Rate) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or Conforming Changes. 
 1.08 Letter of Credit Amounts . 
 43 

Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 1.09 Divisions . 
 For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 Article II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 2.01 Committed Loans . 
 (a) Revolving Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan to the Borrower in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies from time to time, on any Business Day during the Revolver Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment; provided , however , that after giving effect to any Borrowing of Revolving Loans, (i) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolver Ceiling, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment, and (iii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit. Within the limits of each Lender s Revolving Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01(a) , prepay under Section 2.06 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01(a) . Each Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.02 below. Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, or a combination thereof, as further provided herein, provided , however , all Borrowings made on the Closing Date shall be made as Base Rate Loans. 
 (b) Term Loan . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make its portion of a term loan (the Term Loan to the Borrower in Dollars on the American Railcar Acquisition Closing Date in an amount not to exceed such Lender s Term Loan Commitment (as in effect on such date). On the Second Amendment Effective Date, each Lender severally agrees to advance such additional amounts in respect of the Term Loan such that after giving effect thereto, such Lender s portion of the outstanding Term Loan equals such Lender s Term Loan Commitment (as in effect on the Second Amendment Effective Date). Amounts repaid on the Term Loan may not be reborrowed. The Term Loan may consist of Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, or a combination thereof, as further provided herein. 
 44 

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans . 
 (a) Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent which may be given by: (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or of any conversion of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loans to Base Rate Committed Loans, (ii) three Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Alternative Currency Loans, and (iii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower wishes to request Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans having an Interest Period other than one, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) four Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, or (ii) five Business Days (or six Business days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them. Not later than 11:00 a.m., on the applicable Business Day specified in the immediately preceding sentence for which a request for such a Borrowing, conversion or continuation must be received, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof (or, in connection with any conversion or continuation of the Term Loan, if less, the entire principal thereof then outstanding). Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Alterative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.03(c) and 2.04(c) , each Committed Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, in connection with any conversion or continuation of the Term Loan, if less, the entire principal thereof then outstanding). Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto, and (vi) the currency of the Committed Loans to be borrowed (it being understood that Eurocurrency Rate Loans and Base Rate Loans can only be made in Dollars). If the Borrower fails to specify a currency in a Committed Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing, then the Committed Loans so requested shall be made in Dollars. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans; provided , however , that in the case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Committed Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, such Loans shall be continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one 
 45 

month. Any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurocurrency Rate Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. No Committed Loan may be converted into or continued as a Committed Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be prepaid in the original currency of such Committed Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 
 (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount (and currency) of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, in each case as described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office for the applicable currency not later than 11:00 a.m., in the case of any Committed Loan denominated in Dollars (or 1:00 p.m. in the case of a Base Rate Committed Loan), and not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of any Alternative Currency Loan, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, (x) if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 and (y) if such Borrowing is the Borrowing of the Term Loan, Section 4.03 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided , however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to a Borrowing of Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars is given by the Borrower, the Borrower has outstanding L/C Borrowings, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and, second , shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Committed Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, without the consent of the Required Lenders, and the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the then outstanding Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans be prepaid, or redenominated into Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof, on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto. 
 (d) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than (i) eight Interest Periods in effect with respect to Revolving Loans and (ii) five Interest Periods in effect with respect to the Term Loan. 
 (e) With respect to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such 
 46 

Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective . 
 (f) This Section 2.02 shall not apply to Swing Line Loans. 
 2.03 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under Letters of Credit; and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder; provided (1) only Bank of America shall be permitted to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies and (2) that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolver Ceiling, (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. 
 (ii) The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless (x) all the Lenders that have Revolving Commitments have approved such expiry date or (y) the L/C Issuer has approved such Letter of Credit and such Letter of Credit is required to be Cash Collateralized pursuant to Section 2.16 from and after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date. 
 (iii) The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or 
 47 

request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; 
 (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 
 (C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than (1) 100,000, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, and (2) 250,000, in the case of a standby Letter of Credit; 
 (D) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency; 
 (E) the L/C Issuer does not as of the issuance date of such requested Letter of Credit issue Letters of Credit in the requested currency; 
 (F) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; or 
 (G) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion. 
 (iv) The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 
 (v) The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
 (vi) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith. The L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used 
 48 

in Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer. 
 (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit . 
 (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount and currency thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may reasonably require. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. 
 (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 49 

(iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit ); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date (except that the expiry date may extend up to one year beyond the Letter of Credit Expiration Date provided that, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, the subject Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized pursuant to Section 2.16 ); provided , however , that the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. 
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. On a monthly basis, the L/C Issuer shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a complete list of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer as provided in Section 2.03(f) . 
 (c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations . 
 (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. In the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer in such Alternative Currency, unless (A) the L/C Issuer (at its option) shall have specified in such notice that it will require reimbursement in Dollars or (B) in the absence of any such requirement for reimbursement in Dollars, the Borrower shall have notified the L/C Issuer promptly following receipt of the notice of drawing that it will reimburse the L/C Issuer in Dollars. In the case of any such reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing under a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof. Not later than 12:00 p.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in Dollars, or the Applicable Time on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in an Alternative Currency (each such date, an Honor Date ), the Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing and 
 50 

in the applicable currency. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time in the case of a Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the Unreimbursed Amount (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency) and the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of Revolving Loans (which will be Base Rate Committed Loans) to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). In no event may the Borrower extend the time for reimbursing any drawing under a commercial Letter of Credit by obtaining a banker s acceptance from the L/C Issuer. Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the L/C Issuer, in Dollars, at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 10:00 a.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Revolving Loan that is Base Rate Committed Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer in Dollars. 
 (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03 . 
 (iv) Until each Lender funds its Revolving Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer. 
 (v) Each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; 
 51 

provided , however , that each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loan s pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s L/C Advance was outstanding) and in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 
 (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document; 
 52 

(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 
 (iv) waiver by the L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for the L/C Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by the L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower; 
 (v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft; 
 (vi) any payment made by the L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable; 
 (vii) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; 
 (viii) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally; or 
 (ix) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 
 provided , that nothing in this Section 2.03(e) shall be deemed a waiver of the third and fourth sentences in Section 2.03(f) . 
 The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 53 

(f) Role of L/C Issuer ; L/C Reports . Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (ix) of Section 2.03(e) ; provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by the L/C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuer s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. The L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. 
 The L/C Issuer shall provide to the Administrative Agent a list of outstanding Letters of Credit (together with amounts) issued by it (1) at the time of any L/C Credit Extension and (2) on a monthly basis (and upon the request of the Administrative Agent); the Administrative Agent shall provide a copy of such list to any Lender and the Borrower upon request. 
 
 (g) Applicability of ISP and UCP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L/C Issuer s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the L/C Issuer required or permitted under any Law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services 
 54 

Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such Law or practice. 
 (h) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.17 , with its Applicable Percentage, in Dollars, a Letter of Credit Fee (i) for each commercial Letter of Credit equal to 0.125 per annum times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit, and (ii) for each standby Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears and (ii) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each standby Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 
 (i) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer . Subject to the penultimate sentence of this subsection (i), the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, a fronting fee (i) with respect to each commercial Letter of Credit, at the rate specified in the Fee Letter, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such Letter of Credit, and payable upon the issuance thereof, (ii) with respect to any amendment of a commercial Letter of Credit increasing the amount of such Letter of Credit, at a rate separately agreed between the Borrower and the L/C Issuer, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such increase, and payable upon the effectiveness of such amendment, and (iii) with respect to each standby Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum specified in the Fee Letter, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee in respect of any Letter of Credit shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08 . In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect; such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (j) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of 
 55 

Letters of Credit for the account of its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 2.04 Swing Line Loans . 
 (a) The Swing Line . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender shall, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , make loans to the Borrower in Dollars (each a Swing Line Loan from time to time on any Business Day during the Revolver Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment; provided , however , that (i) after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (A) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolver Ceiling, and (B) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment, (ii) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan and (iii) the Swing Line Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swing Line Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.04 , prepay under Section 2.06 , and reborrow under this Section 2.04 . Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 
 (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Borrowing of Swing Line Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by: (A) telephone or (B) a Swing Line Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice. Each Swing Line Loan Notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum principal amount of 100,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a) , or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 2:00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower at its office by crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the Swing Line Lender in Same Day Funds. 
 (c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . 
 56 

(i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make a Revolving Loan that is a Base Rate Committed Loan in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding; such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 , without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan) for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office for Dollar-denominated payments not later than 10:00 a.m. on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Revolving Loan that is a Base Rate Committed Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i) , the request for Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Committed Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the such Swing Line Loan and each such Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
 (iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) , the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (iv) Each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, 
 57 

event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loan s pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s risk participation was funded) in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on its Swing Line Loans. Until each Lender funds its Revolving Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of its Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 
 2.05 Security . 
 All Obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and all other Loan Documents shall be secured by the Collateral in accordance with the Loan Documents. 
 2.06 Prepayments . 
 (a) Voluntary Prepayments of Committed Loans . The Borrower may, upon delivery of a Notice of Loan Prepayment from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 a.m. (A) three Business Days prior to the requested date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (B) four Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of prepayment of Alternative Currency Loans, (C) on the requested date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans, (D) any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, 
 58 

(E) a ny prepayment of Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 in excess thereof , (F) a ny prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of 5 00,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof and G any prepayment of the Term Loan shall be applied ratably to the remaining principal amortization payments (excluding the final payment due on the M aturity Date . Each such notice shall specify the date and amount and currency of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with , in the case of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan and any Alternative Currency Loans, any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.17 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the applicable Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
 (b) Voluntary Prepayments of Swing Line Loans . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 a.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 (c) Revolver Ceiling . If the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that the Total Revolving Outstandings at such time exceed the Revolver Ceiling, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall prepay Committed Loans, prepay Swing Line Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed the Revolver Ceiling; provided , however , the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.06(c) unless, after the prepayment in full of all Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans, the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed the Revolver Ceiling. 
 (d) Alternative Currency Sublimit . If the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all Committed Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time exceeds the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall prepay its Committed Loans in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect. 
 (e) Dispositions and Recovery Events . The Borrower shall prepay the Term Loan as hereinafter provided in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary from all Dispositions (other than (i) Permitted Transfers and (ii) any Disposition (or series of related Dispositions) for Net Cash Proceeds not exceeding 5,000,000) and Recovery Events (other than any Recovery Event for Net Cash Proceeds not exceeding 5,000,000) to the extent such Net Cash Proceeds are not reinvested in assets (excluding 
 59 

current assets as classified by GAAP) that are useful in the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries within 360 days (or enters into a binding commitment thereof within said 360 day period and subsequently makes such reinvestment within an additional 120 days thereafter) of the date of such Disposition or Recovery Event (it being understood that such prepayment shall be due immediately upon the expiration of such 360 day period (or after expiration, as applicable, of an additional 120 days thereafter)). Such prepayment shall be applied ratably to the remaining principal amortization payments (excluding the final payment due on the Maturity Date). 
 (f) Debt Issuances . Immediately upon the receipt by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance, the Borrower shall prepay the Term Loan as hereinafter provided in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. Such prepayment shall be applied to the Term Loan (ratably to the remaining principal amortization payments but specifically excluding the final principal repayment installment on the Maturity Date). 
 (g) Limitations . Notwithstanding any other provision of Section 2.06 to the contrary, to the extent that all or any of the Net Cash Proceeds giving rise to a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.06(e) is attributable to a Disposition or Recovery Event by or of a Foreign Subsidiary or non-wholly owned Subsidiary, such mandatory prepayment (x) will be limited to the extent such mandatory prepayment would, in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Borrower, result in adverse tax consequences (that are not de minimis and taking into account foreign tax benefits, if any) and/or (y) shall be subject to permissibility under (A) local law (including financial assistance, corporate benefit, restrictions on repatriating or upstreaming of cash intra-group and the fiduciary and statutory duties of the directors of the relevant Subsidiaries) and (B) organizational document restrictions (including as a result of minority ownership) and restrictions in other material agreements not entered into for purposes of avoiding such mandatory prepayments. Further, there will be no requirement to make any prepayment with respect to any portion of any required prepayment to the extent that the Borrower determines that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries could reasonably be expected to suffer adverse tax or cost consequences (that are not de minimis as a result of repatriating or upstreaming cash to make such prepayments (including the imposition of withholding taxes) or would reasonably be expected to give rise to risk of liability for the directors of such Subsidiaries; provided that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall take commercially reasonable actions to permit repatriation of the Net Cash Proceeds subject to such mandatory prepayments without violating local law or incurring adverse tax consequences (that are not de minimis and taking into account foreign tax benefits, if any) in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Borrower, but shall not otherwise be subject to further limitations as a result of such restrictions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any prepayments made after application of the foregoing proviso shall be net of any costs, expenses or taxes incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries arising as a result of compliance with such proviso and the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be permitted to make, directly or indirectly, a Restricted Payment to its Affiliates in an amount sufficient to cover any tax liability of such Affiliate, or to reimburse any costs or expenses incurred by such Affiliate, as a result thereof or in connection therewith. 
 2.07 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Revolving Commitments . The Borrower may upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate and/or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 1,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 (or, if the remainder, such lesser amount) in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrower shall not 
 60 

terminate or reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Outstand ings would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s, and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s, the Letter of Credit Sublimit, the Swing Line Sublimit or the Alternative Currency Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s, such Letter of Credit Sublimit, Swing Line Sublimit or Alternative Currency Sublimit , as applicable, shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of Revolving Commitment s. The amount of any such Revolving Commitment reduction shall not be applied to the Alternative Currency Sublimit or the Letter of Credit Sublimit unless otherwise specified by the Borrower. Any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment s shall be applied to the Revolving Commitment of each affected Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 (b) Term Loan Commitments . 
 (i) The Borrower may upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate and/or from time to time permanently reduce the Term Loan Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 1,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of Term Loan Commitments. Any reduction of the Term Loan Commitments shall be applied to the Term Loan Commitment of each affected Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Term Loan Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 (ii) The Term Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (A) the Borrowing thereof or (B) the expiration of the Term Loan Availability Period. 
 2.08 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding on such date. 
 (b) The Borrower shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
 (c) Commencing with the first full fiscal quarter ended after the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the last day of each March, June, September and December thereafter, an amount equal to 3,648,625 (as such installments may hereafter be adjusted as a result of prepayments made pursuant to Section 2.06 , unless accelerated sooner pursuant to Section 8.02 ); provided , however , that the final principal repayment installment of the Term Loan shall be repaid on the Maturity Date and in any event shall be in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Term Loan outstanding on such date; provided , further , that (i) if any principal repayment installment to be made by the Borrower (other than principal repayment installments on Eurocurrency Rate Loans) shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, such principal repayment installment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be and (ii) 
 61 

if any principal repayment installment to be made by the Borrower on a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, such principal repayment installment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such principal repayment installment into another calendar month, in which event such principal repayment installment shall be due on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 2.09 Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; (iii) each Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate; (iv) each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; and (v) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. To the extent that any calculation of interest or any fee required to be paid under this Agreement shall be based on (or result in) a calculation that is less than zero, such calculation shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (iii) Upon the written request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 2.10 Fees . 
 62 

In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03 : 
 (a) Commitment Fees . 
 (i) Revolving Commitments . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender with a Revolving Commitment in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee in Dollars equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount by which the Aggregate Revolving Commitments exceed the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the Revolver Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Revolver Availability Period. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
 (ii) [Reserved] . 
 (b) Other Fees . 
 (i) The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts, the fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 (ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 2.11 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate . 
 (a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate) and for Alternative Currency Loans shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed, or, in the case of interest in respect of Alternative Currency Loans as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year), or, in the case of interest in respect of Committed Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 (b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Borrower or for any other reason, the Borrower or the Lenders determine that (i) the 
 63 

Consolidated Capitalization Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall promptly and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.03(c)(iii) , 2.03(h) or 2.09(b) or under Article VIII . 
 2.12 Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender to the Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to the Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) above, each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 2.13 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) all payments by the Borrower hereunder (except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency) shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date specified herein, and (ii) all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. 
 64 

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due from the Borrower under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 1:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans (or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Committed Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans, or in the case of Alternative Currencies, in accordance with market practice, in each case as applicable. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or the L/C 
 65 

Issuer hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount : (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate . 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 2.14 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . 
 If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that: 
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or 
 66 

subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (B) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.16 , or (C) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
 The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 2.15 Incremental Facility Loans . 
 (a) Request for Incremental Facility . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower shall have the right, from time to time and upon at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (an Incremental Request ), to request to incur additional term A loans under a then existing tranche and/or add one or more additional tranches of term loans Other Term Loans and, together with any additional term loans under a then existing tranche incurred pursuant to this Section 2.15 , the Incremental Term Loans and any credit facility for providing for any Incremental Term Loans being referred to as an Incremental Term Facility and/or increase the Aggregate Revolving Commitments (the Incremental Revolving Commitments and revolving loans made thereunder the Incremental Revolving Loans the Incremental Revolving Loans, together with the Incremental Term Loans are referred to herein as the Incremental Facility Loans subject , however , in any such case, to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (i) the aggregate amount of all Incremental Revolving Commitments and Incremental Term Loans effected pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall not exceed 250,000,000; 
 (ii) on the date on which any Incremental Facility Amendment is to become effective, both immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility Loans (assuming that the full amount of the Incremental Facility Loans shall have been funded on such date) and any related transactions, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
 (iii) after giving effect to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility Loans (assuming the full amount of the Incremental Facility Loans have been funded) and any related transactions, on a Pro Forma Basis, the Borrower shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11 ; 
 (iv) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the date such Incremental Facility Amendment is to become effective, except to the extent that such representations and 
 67 

warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date , and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 ; 
 (v) such Incremental Facility Loans shall be in a minimum amount of 20,000,000 and in integral multiples of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lesser amounts as agreed by the Administrative Agent); 
 (vi) any Incremental Revolving Commitments shall be made on the same terms and provisions (other than upfront fees) as apply to the existing Revolving Commitments, including with respect to maturity date, interest rate and prepayment provisions, and shall not constitute a credit facility separate and apart from the existing Revolving Commitments; 
 (vii) any Incremental Term Loans that constitute additional term loans under a then existing tranche of term loans shall be made on the same terms and provisions (other than upfront fees) as apply to such outstanding term loans, including with respect to maturity date, interest rate and prepayment provisions, and shall not constitute a credit facility separate and apart from such term loans; 
 (viii) in the case of any Other Term Loan, such Other Term Loan shall: (A) rank pari passu in right of payment priority with the existing Term Loan, (B) share ratably in rights in the Collateral and the Guarantee and in a manner consistent with the terms of the Loan Documents, (C) have a maturity date that is not earlier than the then-latest Maturity Date, (D) have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is not shorter than the then-remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loan and any other Incremental Term Loan (it being understood that, subject to the foregoing, the amortization schedule applicable to such Other Term Loan shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders of such Other Term Loan), (E) share ratably in any mandatory prepayments of the Term Loan and any other Incremental Term Facilities pursuant to Section 2.06 (or otherwise provide for more favorable (from the perspective of the Borrower) prepayment treatment than the Term Loan and then-outstanding Incremental Term Facilities) and (F) otherwise be on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, provided that, such terms and documentation relating to such Other Term Loans shall be on terms not materially more onerous, taken as a whole, to the Borrower than the Term Loan (except to the extent permitted above with respect to the maturity date, amortization and interest rate and other than terms which are applicable only after the then-latest Maturity Date); 
 (ix) the Administrative Agent shall have received additional commitments in a corresponding amount of such requested Incremental Facility Loans from either existing Lenders and/or one or more other institutions that qualify as Eligible Assignees (it being understood and agreed that no existing Lender shall be required to provide an additional commitment); 
 (x) the Administrative Agent shall have received customary closing certificates and legal opinions and all other documents (including resolutions of the board of directors of the Loan Parties) it may reasonably request relating to the corporate or other necessary authority for such Incremental Facility Loans and the validity of such 
 68 

Incremental Facility Loans, and any other matters relevant thereto, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent ; 
 (xi) the Administrative Agent shall have received such amendments to the Collateral Documents as the Administrative Agent reasonably requests to cause the Collateral Documents to secure the Obligations (in a manner consistent with the terms of the Loan Documents) after giving effect to such Incremental Facility; and 
 (xii) the Administrative Agent shall have received all flood hazard determination certifications, acknowledgements and evidence of flood insurance and other flood-related documentation as required by applicable Law and as reasonably required by the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) Incremental Facility Amendment . Each Incremental Term Facility and any Incremental Revolving Commitments shall be evidenced by an amendment (an Incremental Facility Amendment to this Agreement, giving effect to the modifications permitted by this Section 2.15 (and subject to the limitations set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph), executed by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender providing a portion of the Incremental Term Facility and/or Incremental Revolving Commitments, as applicable; which such amendment, when so executed, shall amend this Agreement as provided therein. Each Incremental Facility Amendment shall also require such amendments to the Loan Documents, and such other new Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary or appropriate to effect the modifications and credit extensions permitted by this Section 2.15 . Neither any Incremental Facility Amendment, nor any such amendments to the other Loan Documents or such other new Loan Documents, shall be required to be executed or approved by any Lender, other than the Lenders providing such Incremental Term Loans and/or Incremental Revolving Commitments, as applicable, and the Administrative Agent, in order to be effective. The effectiveness of any Incremental Facility Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof of each of the conditions set forth above and as such other conditions as requested by the Lenders under such Incremental Facility Loan established in connection therewith 
 (c) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Sections 2.14 or 10.01 to the contrary. 
 2.16 Cash Collateral . 
 (a) Certain Credit Support Events . If (i) the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 8.02(c) or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Lender, such Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit 
 69 

of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders (including the Swing Line Lender), and agrees to maintain, a first priority (other than, in the case of priority, Liens permitted by Section 7.01(l) security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.16(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower or the relevant Defaulting Lender will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. 
 (c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.16 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 , 2.17 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may be provided for herein. 
 (d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations under any of this Section 2.16 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 or 2.17 shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the Administrative Agent s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , (x) that Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party shall not be released during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default (and following application as provided in this Section 2.16 may be otherwise applied in accordance with Section 8.03 ), and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
 2.17 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01 . 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise, or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender 
 70 

hereunder; third , to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16 ; fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.16 ; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (or Section 4.03 , if applicable) were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Revolving Commitment s hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees . (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any commitment fee payable under Section 2.10(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 . With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (b) below, (y) pay to the L/C Issuer the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line 
 71 

Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause any Non-Defaulting Lender s portion of the Total Revolving Outstand ings to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment . No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (b) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans . If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first , prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lenders Fronting Exposure and (y) second , Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16 . 
 (c) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Defaulting Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 2.18 ESG Adjustments . 
 (a) After the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower, in consultation with the Sustainability Coordinator, shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to establish specified key performance indicators KPIs with respect to certain environmental, social and governance ESG targets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. The Sustainability Coordinator and the Borrower may amend this Agreement (such amendment, an ESG Amendment solely for the purpose of incorporating the KPIs and other related provisions (the ESG Pricing Provisions into this Agreement, and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the tenth (10 th Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Borrower) written notice that such Required Lenders object to such ESG Amendment. In the event that the Required Lenders deliver a written notice objecting to any such ESG Amendment, an alternative ESG Amendment may be effectuated with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Borrower and the Sustainability Coordinator. Upon the effectiveness of any such ESG Amendment, based on the Borrower s performance against the KPIs, certain adjustments (increase, decrease or no adjustment) (such adjustments, the ESG Applicable Rate Adjustments to the otherwise applicable Applicable Rate 
 72 

for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Loans, Base Rate Loans, Letter of Credit Fees, and the commitment fee will be made; provided , further , that , the amount of such adjustments shall not exceed (i) in the case of the Applicable Rate for the Commitment Fee, an increase and/or decrease of 0.0 05 for any one KPI, or 0.01 in the aggregate for all KPIs and (ii) in the case of the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Loans, Base Rate Loans, and Letter of Credit Fees , an increase and/or decrease .0 25 for any one KPI, or 0.05 in the aggregate for all KPIs ; provided , that , in no event shall the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Loans, Base Rate Loans, Letter of Credit Fees, or the c ommitment f ee be less than zero. The KPIs, the Borrower s performance against the KPIs, and any related ESG Applicable Rate Pricing Adjustments resulting therefrom, will be determined based on certain certificates, reports and other documents, in each case, setting forth the calculation and measurement of the KPIs in a manner that is aligned with the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles and to be mutually agreed between the Borrower and the Sustainability Coordinator (each acting reasonably). Following the effectiveness of an ESG Amendment, any modification to the ESG Pricing Provisions shall be subject only to the consent of the Required Lenders so long as such modification does not have the effect of reducing the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Loans, Base Rate Loans, Letter of Credit Fees, or the c ommitment f ee to a level not otherwise permitted by this Section 2. 18( a) . 
 (b) The Sustainability Coordinator will (i) assist the Borrower in determining the ESG Pricing Provisions in connection with the ESG Amendment and (ii) assist the Borrower in preparing informational materials focused on ESG to be used in connection with the ESG Amendment. 
 (c) This Section 2.18 shall supersede any provisions in Section 10.01 to the contrary. 
 
 Article III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes. 
 (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, then the Administrative Agent or the Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 (ii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified 
 73 

Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any such required withholding or the making of all such required deductions (including such deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (iii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . (i) The Borrower shall, and does hereby indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall, and does hereby indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
 (ii) Each Lender and the L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, 
 74 

and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii). 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . Upon request by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. 
 (e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , 3.01(e)(ii)(B) and 3.01(e)(ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax; 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which 
 75 

such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies (or originals, as required) of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States federal withholding Tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 76 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. 

(iii) 
 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. Additionally, the Borrower shall promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, as the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall reasonably request, on or prior to the Closing Date, and in a timely fashion thereafter, such documents and forms required by any relevant taxing authorities under the Laws of any jurisdiction, duly executed and completed by the Borrower, as are required to be furnished by such Lender or the Administrative Agent under such Laws in connection with any payment by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of Taxes or Other Taxes, or otherwise in connection with the Loan Documents, with respect to such jurisdiction. 

 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available 
 77 

its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 
 3.02 Illegality . 
 If any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to perform any of its obligations hereunder or to make, maintain or fund or charge interest with respect to any Credit Extension (whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency), or to determine or charge interest rates based upon a Relevant Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such Credit Extension or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans in the affected currency or currencies or to convert Base Rate Committed Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender, shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans in the affected currency or currencies, as applicable, or, if applicable in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, convert all such Eurocurrency Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates . 

(a) 
 
 If in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Committed Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or continuation of any such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines that (A) no Benchmark Replacement or Successor Rate, as applicable, for the Relevant Rate for the applicable currency has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b) or Section 3.03(c) , as applicable, and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled 

 78 

Unavailability Date has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable) or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable c urrency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan , or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an applicable currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currency or currencies or to convert Base Rate Committed Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Loans or Interest Periods or determination dates, as applicable ), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurocurrency Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of Section 3.03(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (1) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, or Borrowing of, or a continuation of Alternative Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein and (2) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Borrower s election, shall either (1) be converted into a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, or (2) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower (x) in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or (y) in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above . 

(b) 
 
 Alternative Currencies . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

(i) 
 
 adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) is available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) 
 
 the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans denominated in such Alternative Currency, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the 

 79 

time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date or 

(iii) 
 
 syndicated loans currently being executed and agented in the U.S., are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency; 

 or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency or any then current Successor Rate for an Alternative Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Alternative Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Alternative Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 (c) Dollars . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document: 
 (i) On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of LIBOR s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight/Spot Next, 1-week, 1-month, 2-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12- month Dollar LIBOR tenor settings. On the earliest of 
 80 

(A) the date that all Available Tenors of Dollar LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative , (B) June 30, 2023 and (C) the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of a SOFR Early Opt-in, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 
 (ii) (x) Upon (A) the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a determination by the Administrative Agent that neither of the alternatives under clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement are available, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (and any such objection shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error); provided that solely in the event that the then-current Benchmark at the time of such Benchmark Transition Event is not a SOFR-based rate, the Benchmark Replacement therefor shall be determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement unless the Administrative Agent determines that neither of such alternative rates is available. 
 (y) On the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of an Other Rate Early Opt-in, the Benchmark Replacement will replace LIBOR for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii) At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 (iv) In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark 
 81 

Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 (v) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.03(c) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(c) . 
 (vi) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBOR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (B) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 
 3.04 Increased Costs . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e) or the L/C Issuer); 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 82 

(b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 (e) Additional Reserve Requirements . The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurocurrency Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any other reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive, absent manifest error), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice. 
 83 

3.05 Compensation for Losses . 
 Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a Base Rate Loan) on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan (other than a Base Rate Loan) on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; 
 (c) any failure by the Borrower to make payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency; or 
 (d) any assignment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 ; 
 including any loss of anticipated profits, any foreign exchange losses and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan, from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , (x) each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurocurrency Rate Loan made by it at the Eurocurrency Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Rate Loan was in fact so funded, and (y) each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan made by such Lender at the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to the Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Credit Extensions in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of the Borrower, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or 
 84 

eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be . The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 (which has not been revoked) and, in each case, the Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) which results in the elimination of the amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 and Section 3.04 , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 3.07 Survival . 
 All of the obligations of the Borrower under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent. 
 Article IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension . 
 The obligation of the L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party (where applicable), each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the Subsidiary Guaranty; 
 (ii) Notes executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting Notes; 
 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; 
 (iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each of the Loan Parties is validly existing, in good standing, as applicable in their respective jurisdictions of formation; 
 85 

(v) such executed documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to perfect the Lenders first priority security interest in the Collateral, subject to the Liens set forth in Schedule 7.01 , including notices of grants of security interests in intellectual property to be filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright Office, filings with the United States Surface Transportation Board and stock transfer powers; 
 (vi) favorable opinions of Paul Hastings LLP and Tonkon Torp LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender; 
 (vii) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties and the validity against the Loan Parties of the Loan Documents, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that, except as otherwise provided in Section 5.03 , no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required; 
 (viii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied and (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and 
 (ix) evidence that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents has been obtained and is in effect. 
 (b) At least five days prior to the Closing Date, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower. 
 (c) Any fees required to be paid on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. 
 (d) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions . 
 The obligation of each Lender and the L/C Issuer to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than (i) a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or (ii) the 
 86 

Committed Loan Notice requesting the Borrowing of the Term Loan on the American Railcar Acquisition Closing Date is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) The representations and warranties of (i) the Borrower contained in Article V and (ii) each Loan Party contained in each other Loan Document or in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 . 
 (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 (d) In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, such currency remains an Eligible Currency. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension (other than (i) a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or (ii) the Committed Loan Notice requesting the Borrowing of the Term Loan) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 4.03 [Reserved] . 
 Article V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower, on behalf of itself and the Subsidiary Guarantors, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws . 
 Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 87 

5.02 Authorization; No Contravention . 
 The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any (x) with respect to the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens), Contractual Obligation or (y) with respect to any conflict, breach or contravention or payment, Contractual Obligation, in each case, to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any material Law. 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents . 
 No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except (a) as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) for the authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings listed on Schedule 5.03 , (c) filings and recordings with respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to the Administrative Agent for filing or recordation and (d) notices and filings required by law in connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to the Loan Documents. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party do not require any approval of any Loan Party s equity holders or any approval or consent of any Person under any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party, other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of Contractual Obligations, for consents or approvals, the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.04 Binding Effect . 
 This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity. 
 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities required to be shown under GAAP, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 88 

(b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries dated May 31, 2021 , and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.06 Litigation . 
 There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties that either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.07 No Default . 
 Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens . 
 Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is subject to no Liens, other than Permitted Liens. 
 5.09 Environmental Compliance . 
 The Borrower and its Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Borrower has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.10 Insurance . 

(a) 
 
 The properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates (except as permitted below) of the Borrower, in such amounts, and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary operates; provided , however , that the Borrower may reduce the amount of insurance required to be maintained above to the extent that the Borrower maintains a self-insurance program providing insurance coverage in lieu thereof and 

 89 

in a manner consistent with past practices or otherwise in accordance with sound business practices by companies in similar businesses similarly situated and located. The property and general liability insurance coverage of the Loan Parties as in effect on the Closing Date is outlined as to carrier, policy number, expiration date and type on Schedule 5.10 . 

(b) 
 
 The Borrower and its Subsidiaries maintain, if available, fully paid flood hazard insurance on all Flood Hazard Property, on such terms and in such amounts as required by The National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 or as otherwise required by the Administrative Agent. 

 5.11 Taxes . 
 The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal and state income Taxes and other material Tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all United States federal and state income Taxes and other material Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP and (b) those (other than United States federal income Taxes) where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed Tax assessment against the Borrower or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any formal Tax sharing agreement. 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance . 
 (a) Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other United States federal or state Laws. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received an opinion letter or a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. The Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code has been made with respect to any Plan. 
 (b) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of the Threshold Amount, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability; (iii) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iv) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a 
 90 

Multiemployer Plan; and (v) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA . 
 5.13 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests . 
 As of the Closing Date, the Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , and, to the extent applicable, all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by a Loan Party in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens permitted by clauses (a), (c) and (h) of Section 7.01 ). As of the Closing Date, the Borrower has no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part(b) of Schedule 5.13 . All of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 5.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . 
 (a) The Borrower is not engaged nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. 
 (b) None of the Borrower, any Person Controlling the Borrower, or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.15 Disclosure . 
 No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; it being understood that for purposes of this Section 5.15 , such reports, financial statements, certificates and other information shall not include any financial projections, budgets, forecasts, pro forma data and other forward looking statements Projections or any information of a general economic or general industry nature. All Projections provided by the Borrower have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time provided (it being understood that such Projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Borrower s control, and that the Projections are not a guarantee of financial performance which may differ and such differences may be material). As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws . 
 Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 91 

5.17 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc . 
 The Borrower and its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without, to the knowledge of the Borrower, conflict (except for conflicts that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) with the rights of any other Person. To the knowledge of the Borrower, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary infringes upon any valid rights held by any other Person, except for conflicts that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Set forth on Schedule 5.17 is a list of all IP Rights registered or pending registration with the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office and owned by each Loan Party as of the Closing Date. 
 5.18 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption . 
 None of the Loan Parties, nor any of their Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote compliance in all material respects with such laws. 
 5.19 No Affected Financial Institution . 
 No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Article VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation under the Loan Documents shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent amounts not yet due), or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized), the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , and 6.03 cause each Subsidiary to: 
 6.01 Financial Statements . 
 Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event no later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, 
 92 

stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP in all material respects, such consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of KPMG or any other independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (except for qualifications resulting from the Obligations being classified as short term Indebtedness during the year prior to the applicable maturity date); and 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event no later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, such consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP in all material respects, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; and 
 (c) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 75 days after the beginning of each fiscal year of the Borrower, forecasts prepared by management of the Borrower of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis for such fiscal year (including the fiscal year in which the Maturity Date occurs). 
 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(d) , the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein. 
 6.02 Certificates; Other Information . 
 Deliver to the Administrative Agent (for further distribution to the Lenders), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: 
 (a) (i) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the last day of such fiscal quarter, and (ii) at the election of the Borrower, but not more than four times in any fiscal year, an updated Borrowing Base Certificate; provided , that , in the case of this clause (ii), the Borrower shall provide such internally prepared supporting valuations for such assets as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require; 
 (b) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending August 31, 2018) a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower which shall include, solely with respect to the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) , such supplements to Schedules 5.13(a) and 5.17 , as are necessary such that, as supplemented, such Schedules would be accurate and complete as of the date of such Compliance Certificate delivered in connection therewith (which delivery may, unless the Administrative Agent, or a Lender requests 
 93 

executed originals, be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes); 
 (c) promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them; 
 (d) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to all of the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 
 (e) promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any material statement or material report furnished to any holder of debt securities of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01 or any other clause of this Section 6.02 ; 
 (f) promptly, and in any event within ten Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each material notice or other material correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; 
 (g) promptly following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the PATRIOT Act, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation or other applicable anti-money laundering laws; 
 (h) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request; 
 (i) upon closing of any offering of Term Debt which affects the Borrowing Base, upon a pledge of assets permitted pursuant to Section 7.01 , or at the Borrower s sole discretion upon the acquisition of assets by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries outside of the ordinary course of business (but otherwise permitted hereunder), an updated Borrowing Base Certificate which incorporates the acquired or pledged assets to reflect such assets on a pro-forma basis; and 
 (j) within thirty (30) days after closing of any offering of Term Debt, a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer which confirms that (i) such offering did not cause an Event of Default, and (ii) the documentation associated with such offering, a copy of which shall be attached to the certificate, does not impose a limitation on the ability of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries to make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered 
 94 

electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 ; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger will make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that so long as the Borrower is the issuer of any outstanding debt or equity securities that are registered or issued pursuant to a private offering or is actively contemplating issuing any such securities (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 ); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated as Public Side Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform that is not designated as Public Side Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC. 
 6.03 Notices . 
 Promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default; 
 (b) of any matter that has resulted or is reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (c) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that has resulted or is reasonably expected to result in liability in excess of the Threshold Amount; and 
 95 

(d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 6.04 Payment of Tax Obligations . 
 Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, (a) unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary or (b) except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc . 
 (a) With respect to the Loan Parties, preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 ; (b) except for Immaterial Subsidiaries, take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) except for Immaterial Subsidiaries, preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties . 
 (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof; and (c) use the standard of care typical in the industry in the operation and maintenance of its material facilities, in each of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c) except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance . 
 (a) Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. The Administrative Agent and Lenders acknowledge and agree that the insurance set forth on Schedule 5.10 as of the Closing Date satisfies the requirements of this Section 6.07(a) as of the Closing Date. 
 (b) Cause the Administrative Agent to be named as lender loss payee or mortgagee, as its interest may appear, and/or additional insured with respect to any such insurance providing 
 96 

liability coverage or coverage in respect of any Collateral. All certificates of property and general liability insurance are to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, with the loss payable (but only in respect of Collateral) and additional insured endorsements in favor of the Administrative Agent and shall provide for not less than 30 days (10 days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation. 
 (c) So long as one or more of the following conditions is true (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Outstanding Amount of Loans is not greater than 0, or (iii) the loss covered by such insurance involves a potential claim of less than 10,000,000, then, Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall have the sole right to file claims under any property and general liability insurance policies, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall have the sole right to file claims involving losses under any property and general liability insurance policies in respect of the Collateral, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. 
 (d) Without limiting the foregoing, (i) maintain, if available, fully paid flood hazard insurance on all Flood Hazard Property, on such terms and in such amounts as required by The National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 or as otherwise required by the Administrative Agent, (ii) furnish to the Administrative Agent evidence of the renewal (and payment of renewal premiums therefor) of all such policies prior to the expiration or lapse thereof, and (iii) furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of any redesignation of any such Flood Hazard Property into or out of a special flood hazard area. 
 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws . 
 Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.09 Books and Records . 
 (a) Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP in all material respects consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 6.10 Inspection Rights . 
 (a) Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent (who may be accompanied by the Lenders at the sole expense of such Lenders) to visit and inspect 
 97 

any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its Responsible Officers, and independent public accountants, at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided , however , that excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuance of an Event of Default, none of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders may exercise rights under this Section 6.10(a) more often than two (2) times during any calendar year and only one (1) such visit by Administrative Agent (and no visits by any Lenders) shall be at the Borrower s expense; provided , further , that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent (or any of its respective representatives or independent contractors) (and any Lender may accompany Administrative Agent at its own expense) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Administrative Agent may conduct annual appraisals of the Loan Parties rail car fleet. Such appraisals shall be done at the expense of the Borrower (provided that Borrower shall only be responsible for the actual charges paid or incurred by Administrative Agent in connection with the performance of such appraisal) and shall be performed by an appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) At the discretion of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to require or conduct an annual field audit of the Collateral. Such field audit shall be done at the expense of the Borrower (provided that Borrower shall only be responsible for the actual charges paid or incurred by Administrative Agent in connection with the performance of such appraisal) and shall be performed by an auditor reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds . 
 Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for working capital and other general corporate purposes not in contravention of any applicable Law or of any Loan Document; provided that the proceeds of the Term Loan funded on the American Railcar Acquisition Closing Date were used solely to finance a portion of the purchase price of the American Railcar Acquisition, repay Seller Business Indebtedness, including the Opco Credit Agreement (each as defined in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement), to pay other items constituting the Estimated Closing Purchase Price (as defined in the American Railcar Acquisition), and to pay any other amounts required to be paid by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries under the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement and to pay fees and expenses in connection herewith and therewith. 
 6.12 [Reserved] . 
 6.13 Additional Subsidiary Guarantors . 
 Notify the Administrative Agent at the time that (i) any Person becomes a Domestic Subsidiary (except for Immaterial Subsidiaries) or (ii) any Domestic Subsidiary ceases to be an Immaterial Subsidiary, and, in each case, promptly thereafter (and in any event within 30 days), cause such Person to (a) become a Subsidiary Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a counterpart of the Subsidiary Guaranty or such other document as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate for such purpose, and (b) deliver to the Administrative Agent documents of the types referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 4.01(a) and favorable opinions of counsel to such Person (which shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation 
 98 

referred to in clause (a)), all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the Borrower shall cause any Domestic Subsidiary that Guarantees any Indebtedness in excess of 25,000,000 to become a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 Solely with respect to the Target Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 4.03(f) ), to the extent the items described in Section 4.03(f) are not delivered on the American Railcar Acquisition Closing Date with respect to the Target Subsidiaries, the delivery of such items will not be conditions to the availability of the Term Loan but instead shall be required to be delivered not later than 30 days following the American Railcar Acquisition Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). 
 6.14 Pledged Assets . 
 (a) Equity Interests . Cause 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests (other than Excluded Property) of each direct Domestic Subsidiary of each Loan Party, to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents, together with opinions of counsel (except in respect of Equity Interests of Immaterial Subsidiaries) and any filings and deliveries reasonably necessary in connection therewith to perfect the security interests therein, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) Other Property . (i) Cause all of the owned and leased personal property (other than Excluded Property and Equity Interests of Subsidiaries not pledged pursuant to subsection (a) above) of each Loan Party to be subject at all times to first priority, perfected Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, to secure the Obligations pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents, subject in any case to Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and (ii) deliver such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the foregoing, including, without limitation, appropriate UCC 1 financing statements, landlord s waivers, certified resolutions and other organizational and authorizing documents of such Person, favorable opinions of counsel to such Person (which shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to above and the perfection of the Administrative Agent s Liens thereunder) and other items as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) In addition, the Loan Parties may pledge additional assets as Collateral pursuant to additional Loan Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection therewith. To the extent such additional Collateral satisfies the applicable eligibility requirements, such Collateral shall be included in the Borrowing Base. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Loan Parties shall not be required to be in compliance with clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.14 with respect to newly formed or acquired Subsidiaries until the thirty day period set forth in Section 6.13 has expired. 
 (e) Not permit any railcars owned by any Loan Party that are not pledged as Collateral and are subject to the same lease as any railcars that are pledged as Collateral to be subject to any Lien permitted under Section 7.01(i) unless the secured parties in respect of such Lien (or their representative or agent) have executed and delivered an intercreditor agreement with the Administrative Agent (which shall be in form and substance substantially similar to the 
 99 

Intercreditor Agreement described in clause (a) of the definition thereof or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction shall be required under the Loan Documents in order to create any security interests in assets located or titled outside of the U.S. or to perfect any security interests (it being understood that there shall be no security agreements or pledge agreements governed under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, so long as all applicable equity interests that are certificated are in the possession of the Administrative Agent to the extent constituting Collateral). 
 6.15 Anti-Corruption Laws . 
 Conduct its businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote compliance in all material respects with such laws. 
 
 Article VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation under the Loan Documents shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent amounts not yet due), or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized), the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 
 7.01 Liens . 
 Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following: 
 (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document; 
 (b) Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not increased other than after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into such property and proceeds and products of such property, (ii) the principal amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased (except by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on the obligations secured thereby, and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid in connection with such refinancing or extension, fees and expenses reasonably incurred in connection therewith, and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder), (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 7.03(b) ; 
 (c) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments and other governmental charges and levies (i) which are not individually, or in the aggregate, in excess of 2,500,000, (ii) which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or (iii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; 
 100 

(d) landlords , carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business (i) which are not individually, or in the aggregate, in excess of 2,500,000, (ii) which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or (iii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person; 
 (e) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA or applicable Environmental Law; 
 (f) (i) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than in connection with the borrowing of money), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, and/or (ii) Liens on rail cars (the transferred rail cars or other personal property transferred personal property that are transferred to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by customers as consideration for the future delivery by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to such customer of (1) existing rail car assets or other existing assets, (2) to-be-refurbished rail car assets or other to-be-refurbished assets or (3) to-be-constructed rail car assets or other to-be-constructed assets, so long as in either case (x) no Default exists or would result from the creation of such Liens, (y) such Liens (A) secure only the performance obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to deliver the assets described in items (1), (2) or (3) of this clause (f) to such customer, (B) extend to no property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries other than the transferred rail cars or other transferred personal property, (C) are released upon completion of performance by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (z) the transferred rail cars or other transferred personal property shall not be included in the Borrowing Base while they are subject to such Liens; 
 (g) any zoning restrictions, easements, rights-of-way, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and title defects affecting real property which, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person, or the use of the property for the intended purpose; 
 (h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) ; 
 (i) Liens on Lease-Related Assets securing Term Debt permitted under Section 7.03(d) (and, if applicable, any obligations in respect of Swap Contracts permitted under the terms of the documentation governing any such Term Debt to be secured by the applicable Lease-Related Assets securing such Term Debt); provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any other property and (ii) the applicable Lease-Related Assets pledged to secure such Term Debt are not included in the Borrowing Base calculation set forth in the most recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate; 
 (j) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(e) ; provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness or the proceeds thereof and (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition (other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith); provided , further , that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross-collateralized to other individual financings of equipment provided by such lender; 
 101 

(k) Liens on assets of Foreign Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(f) ; 
 (l) Liens in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with such banking or other financial institution (including the right of set off) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry; 
 (m) any right of a licensor under any license agreement for the use of intellectual property or other intangible assets as to which the Borrower or such Subsidiary is the licensee; 
 (n) any leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others (i) in the ordinary course of business not interfering in any material respect, alone or in the aggregate, with the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) permitted pursuant to Section 7.05 ; 
 (o) Liens in favor of owners or purchasers of goods (including materials and/or components used in connection with the manufacture thereof) being manufactured or serviced in the ordinary course of business; provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the goods being manufactured or serviced (and such owned or purchased materials and/or components used in connection with the manufacture or service thereof) for such purchaser or owner, (ii) such purchaser or owner shall have paid for the materials being used to manufacture or service such goods through the making of progress payments or similar advances and (iii) such goods are excluded from the Borrowing Base; 
 (p) Liens in favor of Loan Parties granted by any of Gunderson-Concarril S.A. de C.V., Greenbrier-GIMSA, LLC or Gunderson-GIMSA S. de R.L. de C.V. to secure any Indebtedness owed to a Loan Party; 
 (q) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investments permitted under Section 7.02 or Dispositions permitted under Section 7.05 ; 
 (r) deposits in the ordinary course to secure liability insurance carriers and Liens on premium refunds and insurance proceeds securing the financing of insurance premiums permitted hereunder; 
 (s) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(m) on property of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided , that such Liens were not created in contemplation of such merger, consolidation or Investment and do not extend to any assets other than those of the Person merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or such Subsidiary or acquired by the Borrower or such Subsidiary; 
 (t) customary negative pledges on assets being sold or Disposed of, including customary restrictions on distributions by a Subsidiary of the Borrower to be sold, pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests or assets of such Subsidiary; provided , that such Disposition is permitted by Section 7.05 ; 
 102 

(u) Liens on cash and cash equivalents deposited with a third-party trustee that arise in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; 
 (v) Liens in favor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(i) ; provided that such Liens shall not be provided by Loan Parties in favor of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties; 
 (w) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 
 (x) Liens on assets leased to the Borrower or any Subsidiary under operating leases (including Liens on any subleases of such assets by the Borrower or such Subsidiary to third parties), which Liens (i) are granted in favor of the lessor with respect to the lease granting the Borrower or such Subsidiary rights in such assets as the lessee and (ii) secure the Borrower s or such Subsidiary s obligations to the lessor under such lease; 
 (y) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business permitted by this Agreement; 
 (z) Liens not otherwise permitted under this Section 7.01 , provided that the obligations secured thereby shall not exceed 15,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; and 
 (aa) Liens on property acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or Liens on property of a Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries in existence at the time such Person is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition; provided that (i) any Indebtedness (or any refinancings, refundings, renewals, or extensions thereof so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on such Indebtedness and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing) that is secured by such Liens is permitted to exist under Section 7.03(q) , and (ii) such Liens are not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation or anticipation of, such Permitted Acquisition and do not attach to any other property of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 7.02 Investments . 
 Make or permit to exist any Investments, except: 
 (a) Investments held by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the form of cash equivalents or other investments permitted under the Borrower s cash investment policy as approved by the Borrower s board of directors, managers or equivalent governing body; 
 (b) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower and Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes; 
 (c) Investments (i) by any Loan Party in another Loan Party, (ii) by any Domestic Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any other Domestic Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (iii) by any Foreign Subsidiary in the Borrower or in any of its Subsidiaries, and (iv) by a Loan Party or any Subsidiary in a Foreign Subsidiary, SPE , Managed Person or Joint Venture , so long 
 103 

as the aggregate amount of such Investments, solely with respect to this subclause (iv), does not exceed 20,000,000 during the term of this Agreement ; 
 (d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss; 
 (e) other Investments not exceeding an amount equal to the sum of (i) the greater of (x) 140,000,000 and (y) 10 of Consolidated Tangible Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year of the Borrower plus (ii) any excess amount of Restricted Payments available to be paid pursuant to Section 7.06(d) that have not been distributed and have not been previously invested pursuant to this Section 7.02(e) or Section 7.02(g) ; 
 (f) purchases of Inventory by a Loan Party on behalf of any of Gunderson-Concarril S.A. de C.V., Greenbrier-GIMSA, LLC, GBW Railcar Services, L.L.C. or Gunderson-GIMSA S. de R.L. de C.V.; 
 (g) Investments in Greenbrier-GIMSA, LLC or Gunderson-GIMSA S. de R.L. de C.V. made after the Closing Date in an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding the sum of (i) 30,000,000 plus (ii) any excess amount of Restricted Payments available to be paid pursuant to Section 7.06(d) that have not been distributed and have not been previously invested pursuant to this Section 7.02(g) or Section 7.02(e) ; 
 (h) Permitted Acquisitions, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Investment in any Subsidiary in an amount required to permit such Subsidiary to consummate a Permitted Acquisition, which amount is actually applied by such Subsidiary to consummate such Permitted Acquisition substantially concurrently with the making of such Investment; 
 (i) to the extent constituting Investments, the creation of Liens, the incurrence of any Guarantee, the making of fundamental changes, the consummation of Dispositions, and the making of Restricted Payments permitted under Sections 7.01 , 7.03(h) , 7.04 , 7.05 and 7.06 , respectively; 
 (j) Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made solely with Qualified Equity Interests or with the net proceeds of the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests; provided that any Investments made with the net proceeds of the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests shall be made substantially contemporaneously with the issuance of such Qualified Equity Interests; 
 (k) Investments consisting of (i) discretionary contributions made during such time as no Event of Default exists in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 per fiscal year to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees within the meaning of Revenue Procedure 92-64 and (ii) required contributions to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees within the meaning of Revenue Procedure 92-64; 
 (l) Swap Contracts permitted by Section 7.03(c) ; 
 (m) Investments held by a Person acquired in a Permitted Acquisition to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence on the date of such Permitted Acquisition; 
 104 

(n) Investments existing or contemplated on the Second Amendment Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 7.02 (and any extensions, modifications or renewals thereof provided that the amount of the original Investment is not increased except as otherwise permitted by this Section 7.02 ; 
 (o) Investments of a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (or Investments of a target assumed at the time of a Permitted Acquisition of such target); provided that such Investment was not incurred or made in connection with, or in anticipation or contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition. 
 7.03 Indebtedness . 
 Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: 
 (a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents; 
 (b) Indebtedness outstanding on the Second Amendment Effective Date and listed on Schedule 7.03 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing, by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on such Indebtedness, and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder; 
 (c) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view; and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party; 
 (d) private offerings of debt securities or long-term Indebtedness to institutional investors or financial institutions by the Loan Parties or other Domestic Subsidiaries which Indebtedness (i) is secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.01(i) and (ii) in the case of any such Indebtedness not in existence on the Closing Date, if in a principal amount in excess of 30,000,000, contains terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (any such Indebtedness, Term Debt provided , however , that the aggregate principal amount of all such Term Debt at any one time outstanding pursuant to this subsection (d) shall not exceed 300,000,000; 
 (e) capital leases (including sale-leaseback transactions) or purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets, within the limitations set forth in Section 7.01(j) , and in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25,000,000 at any one time outstanding, and any refinancings, refundings, renewals, or extensions thereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on such Indebtedness and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing; 
 105 

(f) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (g) earn-out obligations incurred in respect of Permitted Acquisitions; 
 (h) Guarantees given by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of Indebtedness of (i) the Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor or (ii) a Foreign Subsidiary, SPE , Managed Person or Joint Venture , in each case, that is otherwise permitted or not prohibited under this Section 7.03 ; provided , that, the value of the Guarantees made in reliance of subclause (ii) of this clause (h) shall not exceed 10,000,000 in the aggregate at any time; 
 (i) intercompany Indebtedness resulting from loans and advances permitted by Section 7.02 ; 
 (j) obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees or obligations in respect of letters of credit related thereto provided by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 
 (k) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five Business Days of its incurrence; 
 (l) Indebtedness incurred in favor of insurance companies (or their financing affiliates) in connection with the financing of insurance premiums; provided, that the total of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed the aggregate amount of such unpaid insurance premiums; 
 (m) Indebtedness of a Person of the type described in Section 7.03(e) existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower; which Indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of such merger, consolidation or Investment and is non-recourse to the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than such Person, and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property securing such Indebtedness is not increased, (ii) the principal amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on such Indebtedness and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect to such Indebtedness is not changed; 
 (n) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent the net proceeds thereof are promptly deposited to defease or satisfy and discharge any other Indebtedness of such obligor not prohibited by this Section 7.03 ; provided that: (i) the amount of such new Indebtedness does not exceed the outstanding amount of the Indebtedness to be defeased or satisfied and discharged except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such defeasance or satisfaction and discharge, (ii) the terms relating to principal amount, amortization, maturity, collateral (if any) and subordination (if any), and other material terms taken as a whole, of any such new Indebtedness are no less favorable in any material respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the Lenders than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Indebtedness being defeased or satisfied and discharged and the interest rate applicable to any such new Indebtedness does not exceed the then applicable market interest rate and (iii) upon such 
 106 

defeasance, discharge or satisfaction, such new Indebtedness must otherwise be permitted under another subsection of this Section 7.03 and shall thereafter not be permitted under this subsection (n); 
 (o) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called procurement cards or P-cards ), or in connection with services provided under Treasury Management Agreements, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (p) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed 550,000,000; provided that (i) if such Indebtedness is secured, the aggregate principal amount of such secured Indebtedness shall not exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding and the Liens securing such Indebtedness are permitted by Section 7.01(z) , and (ii) in the case of any such Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount in excess of 30,000,000, such Indebtedness shall be on terms which are either (A) market terms as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower or (B) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and 
 (q) Indebtedness of a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (or Indebtedness of a target assumed at the time of a Permitted Acquisition of such target) (and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof); provided that (i) such Indebtedness was not incurred in connection with, or in anticipation or contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness does not exceed 5,000,000 (the Assumed Permitted Debt Cap at any time outstanding (plus, in the case of any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on such Indebtedness and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing) and (iii) in the case of any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, the property securing such Indebtedness is not increased; provided further that any reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit in excess of the Assumed Permitted Debt Cap shall be permitted by this subsection (q) until the sixtieth day following the consummation of the Permitted Acquisition in which such reimbursement obligations are assumed, so long as, the Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary intends in good faith to replace (or backstop) such letter of credit with a Letter of Credit issued hereunder. 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes . 
 Merge, dissolve, divide, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom: 
 (a) any Subsidiary may merge with (i) the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries, provided that when any Subsidiary Guarantor is merging with another Subsidiary, a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (iii) any Person in order to effect any Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 , provided that a Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving Person (and if a Subsidiary Guarantor is party to such transaction, a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the surviving Person); 
 107 

(b) the Borrower may merge or consolidate with another corporation or entity which merger or consolidation merely effects the form or domicile of the Borrower without changing the respective holdings of Equity Interests in the Borrower (or in the surviving entity) by stockholders and pursuant to which all obligations of the Borrower in respect of this Agreement are and remain obligations of the surviving entity; provided that the surviving entity shall be organized under the laws of a political subdivision of the United States ; 
 (c) any Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation, dissolution or otherwise) to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Subsidiary Guarantor, then the transferee must either be the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor; and 
 (d) any Subsidiary may divide; provided that if the dividor in such a transaction is a Subsidiary Guarantor, then the newly formed entities must be Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 7.05 Dispositions . 
 Make any Disposition, except: 
 (a) Dispositions of obsolete, damaged, destroyed or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business; 
 (b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business or equipment on or held for lease in the ordinary course of business, including sales, leases or exchanges of such assets, and in connection with the Golden West Agreements, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
 (c) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; 
 (d) Dispositions of property by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Borrower or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party, the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party; 
 (e) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.04 ; 
 (f) Dispositions of lease assets in lease securitization, structured finance or syndication transactions, provided that the Borrower remains in compliance with its limitations under the Borrowing Base and all other terms and conditions of this Agreement; 
 (g) Dispositions pursuant to any sale-leaseback transactions under Section 7.03(e) ; 
 (h) sales or other Dispositions of assets having a fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in its reasonable discretion) of less than 75,000,000 in the aggregate during any four fiscal quarter period; 
 (i) Dispositions of cash equivalents in the ordinary course of business; 
 108 

(j) leases or subleases of property, including real property, in each case in the ordinary course of business not materially interfering with the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
 (k) licenses for the use of IP Rights in the ordinary course of the Borrower s or such Subsidiary s business and, to the extent the American Railcar Acquisition has been consummated, the IP Cross License Agreement and the Trademark License Agreement, in each case, as defined in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement; 
 (l) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business; 
 (m) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or other litigation claims in the ordinary course of business; 
 (n) to the extent constituting a Disposition, Liens, Investments, fundamental changes and Restricted Payments permitted by Sections 7.01 , 7.02 , 7.04 and 7.06 , respectively; 
 (o) casualty events or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceedings of, any property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and 
 (p) the sales of any of the real properties located at 3701 N. 16th Street, Omaha, Nebraska, 4233 N. 31st Avenue, Omaha, Nebraska and 3390 East 36th Street, Tucson, Arizona 85713; 
 (q) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted under Section 7.02 or other assets if the Disposition thereof is required by law (including anti-trust law) or a Governmental Authority; 
 (r) the assignment, cancellation, abandonment or other Disposition of (i) intellectual property or (ii) real property leases or licenses, that is, in the good faith judgment of Borrower, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the conduct of the business of Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
 (s) [reserved]; 
 (t) Dispositions of Excluded GBW Property; and 
 (u) Dispositions of Investments in, and issuances of any Equity Interests in, joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between, the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements. 
 
 provided , however , that (1) any Disposition pursuant to clauses (c), (f), (g) and (i) shall be for fair market value and (2) no Disposition of less than all of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary Guarantor to Person that is not a Loan Party shall be permitted by this Section 7.05 . 
 7.06 Restricted Payments . 
 Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment: 
 109 

(a) each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors and any other Person that owns an Equity Interest in such Subsidiary, ratably according to their respective holdings of the type of Equity Interest in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made; 
 (b) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other common Equity Interests of such Person; 
 (c) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Equity Interests issued by it with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its common stock or other common Equity Interests; 
 (d) so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may declare or pay Restricted Payments after the Closing Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed the sum of (i) 389,000,000 plus (ii) 50 of the cumulative Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries since May 31, 2018 minus (iii) all amounts available to make Restricted Payments pursuant to this subsection (d) that have been invested pursuant to Sections 7.02(e) and 7.02(g) ; 
 (e) the Borrower may make payments of cash in lieu of fractional shares in connection with the exercise of or conversion of securities that are exercisable or convertible into Equity Interests; 
 (f) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, upon the vesting of Equity Interests pursuant to the terms of any agreement with employees, consultants or directors or pursuant to the terms of the Borrower s equity compensation plans or agreements, the Borrower may (i) repurchase a portion of such Equity Interests (through any net settling of any Equity Interest or through a tax withholding feature of any Equity Interest) to the extent such repurchased Equity Interests represent the exercise price of options or warrants or the amount of withholding taxes due upon such exercise or vesting and (ii) make tax withholding payments on behalf of such employees, consultants or directors in connection therewith; 
 (g) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Section 7.02 or 7.04 ; 
 (h) so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may declare or pay Restricted Payments approved by the board of directors of the Borrower (or applicable governing body) so long as such Restricted Payments do not exceed 1.08 per share per fiscal year; and 
 (i) so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may make Permitted Share Repurchase Transactions in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25,000,000 in any fiscal year. 
 7.07 Change in Nature of Business . 
 Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date, except for any reasonable extensions or expansions thereof or any business substantially related or incidental thereto. 
 110 

7.08 Transactions with Affiliates . 
 Other than (a) transactions not prohibited by this Agreement (including the payment of Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.06 ), (b) payment of reasonable directors fees, (c) any issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower to Affiliates of the Borrower and (d) any employment, consulting, service or termination agreement or reasonable and customary indemnification arrangements, entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with directors, officers and employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and the payment of compensation to directors, officers and employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including amounts paid pursuant to employee benefit plans, employee stock option or similar plans), enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate. 
 7.09 Burdensome Agreements . 
 Enter into any Contractual Obligation that limits the ability (a) of any Subsidiary Guarantor to make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or to otherwise transfer property to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, (b) of any Subsidiary Guarantor to Guarantee the Obligations or (c) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person (other than Excluded Property) to secure the Obligations, except: 
 (i) Contractual Obligations in existence as of the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 7.09 ; 
 (ii) Contractual Obligations contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 
 (iii) any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(d) , 7.03(e) or 7.03(m) solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness or requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person; 
 (iv) any instrument governing Indebtedness or Equity Interests of a Person and its Subsidiaries acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as in effect at the time of such acquisition (except to the extent such Indebtedness was incurred in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition), which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than the Person and its Subsidiaries, or the property or assets of the Person and its Subsidiaries, so acquired, provided that, in the case of Indebtedness, such Indebtedness was permitted by Section 7.03 ; 
 (v) customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease, contract, or license of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or customary provisions in agreements that restrict the assignment of such agreement or any rights thereunder; 
 (vi) any agreement for the sale or other Disposition of assets, including customary restrictions on distributions by a Subsidiary of the Borrower to be sold, pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially 
 111 

all of the Equity Interests or assets of such Subsidiary; provided , that such Disposition was permitted by Section 7.05 ; 
 (vii) any instrument or agreements governing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(f) , which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than the Foreign Subsidiaries obligated in respect of such Indebtedness; 
 (viii) negative pledges in favor of holders of Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03 that limit the right of the debtor to dispose of or encumber the assets financed with such Indebtedness; 
 (ix) restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (x) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to Joint Ventures permitted under Section 7.02 and applicable solely to such Joint Venture and are entered into in the ordinary course of business; and 
 (xi) in the case of subclause (a), any agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness of a Subsidiary permitted to be incurred subsequent to the Closing Date pursuant to Section 7.03 if the encumbrances and restrictions are not materially more restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement and do not otherwise materially impair the ability of the Loan Parties to perform their obligations under this Agreement. 
 7.10 Use of Proceeds . 
 Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 7.11 Financial Covenants . 
 Beginning with the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2018: 
 (a) Consolidated Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be less than 2.00 to 1.0. 
 (b) Consolidated Capitalization Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be greater than 0.70 to 1.0. 
 For purposes of the financial ratio calculations in this Section 7.11 , no earnings or losses of any Managed Person shall be included. 
 7.12 [Reserved] . 
 7.13 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws . 
 (a) Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such Credit Extension or the proceeds 
 112 

of any Credit Extension to any Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger , Sustainability Coordinator , Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 (b) Directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 or other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 Article VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01 Events of Default . 
 Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, and in the currency required hereunder, any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within three days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within ten days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in (i) Section 6.01, which failure continues for more than five (5) Business Days after the date specified for performance or compliance with such term or condition or (ii) any of Section 6.02 , 6.03 , 6.05(a) (solely with respect to the Borrower), 6.10 , 6.11 , 6.13 or 6.14 or Article VII , other than pursuant to Sections 7.02 and 7.03 , or any Subsidiary Guarantor fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in its Subsidiary Guaranty; or 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date upon which a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party knew of such failure and (ii) the date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent; or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 
 (e) Cross-Default . (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any Indebtedness or Guarantee having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined 
 113 

or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
 (g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or 
 114 

(j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder, as in accordance with the terms of such Loan Document or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or 
 (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control. 
 Solely for purposes of determining whether an Event of Default has occurred under Section 8.01(f) or 8.01(g) , it is understood and agreed that all Immaterial Subsidiaries affected by the applicable event or circumstance shall be considered together, as a single consolidated Person, for purposes of determining whether an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or 8.01(g) has occurred. 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . 
 If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 
 (i) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; and 
 (ii) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and 
 (iii) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; and 
 (iv) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents and applicable law or equity; 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States (or other applicable Debtor Relief Law), the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize its L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 8.03 Application of Funds . 
 After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be (subject to the provisions of Section 2.17 applied in the following order: 
 115 

First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or the L/C Issuer) and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings and fees, premiums and scheduled periodic payments, and any interest accrued thereon, due under any Swap Contract between any Loan Party and any Lender, or any Affiliate of a Lender, to the extent such Swap Contract is permitted by Section 7.03(c) , ratably among the Lenders (and, in the case of such Swap Contracts, Affiliates of Lenders) and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third held by them; 
 Fourth , (a) payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, (b) payment of breakage, termination or other payments, and any interest accrued thereon, due under any Swap Contract between any Loan Party and any Lender, or any Affiliate of a Lender, to the extent such Swap Contract is permitted by Section 7.03(c) , (c) payments of amounts due under any Treasury Management Agreement between any Loan Party and any Lender, or any Affiliate of a Lender and (d) Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit, ratably among the Lenders (and, in the case of such Swap Contracts and Treasury Management Agreements, Affiliates of Lenders) and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Subject to Section 2.03(c) , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Subsidiary Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Subsidiary Guarantor or such Subsidiary Guarantor s assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under Treasury Management Agreements and Swap Contracts shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received a Secured Party Designation Notice, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Lender or Affiliate of a Lender, as the case may be. Each Lender or Affiliate of a Lender not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. 
 116 

Article IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority . 
 Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including Intercreditor Agreements) and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article (other than Sections 9.06 and 9.10 are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender, Swing Line Lender (if applicable), holder of Obligations in respect of Treasury Management Agreements and Swap Contracts) and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and the L/C Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Loan Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section 10.04(c) , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender . 
 The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice to or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto. 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . 
 Neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, nor the Sustainability Coordinator, as applicable, shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and their duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality 
 117 

of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent , the Arranger, or the Sustainability Coordinator, as applicable, and their Related Parties : 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 
 (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Sustainability Coordinator or any of their Affiliates in any capacity. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable to any Lender for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. Any such action taken or failure to act pursuant to the foregoing shall be binding on all Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the L/C Issuer. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Loan Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, communication, consent, 
 118 

statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties . 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event 
 119 

of Default (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.07 and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including (A) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the holders of the Obligations and (B) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, (ii) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties 
 120 

and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents and (iii) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Arranger, Sustainability Coordinator, and Other Lenders . 
 Each Lender and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Sustainability Coordinator or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Sustainability Coordinator, or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc . 
 Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the documentation agents, co-agents, syndication agents, bookrunners or arrangers listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder. 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding . 
 In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations arising under the Loan Documents that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i) , 2.10 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 . 
 121 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 The holders of the Obligations hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar Laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the holders thereof shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (A) to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, and (B) to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 10.01 and (ii) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Lender or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . 
 Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, 
 (a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit, (ii) that is transferred or to be transferred as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) that is owned by a Person other than a Loan Party, including vessels under construction for third parties pursuant to a contract, that are held by a Loan Party as a bailee for such other Person, or (iv) subject to Section 10.01 , if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; 
 122 

(b) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (ii) of Section 7.01(f) or Section 7.01(i) ; and 
 (c) to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. 
 Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.10 . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and L/C Issuer acknowledge and agree that (x) in the event that any Subsidiary ceases to be a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower as a result of a transaction permitted by this Agreement, then such Subsidiary shall automatically be fully and finally released from its obligations hereunder without any further action of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, or the L/C Issuer, and (y) upon the transfer of any Collateral to a Person that is not a Loan Party pursuant to a Disposition permitted by this Agreement, the Security Interest (as defined in the Security Agreement) and Liens as to any such Collateral granted by the Loan Documents shall be deemed to be released automatically without any further action of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, or the L/C Issuer upon the consummation of such Disposition (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that (A) Railcar Sales in the Ordinary Course of Business are transactions expressly permitted under the Loan Documents and that the Administrative Agent s Security Interest (as defined in the Security Agreement) and Liens in any railcars (but not the proceeds thereof) shall be automatically released without any further action of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such Railcar Sales in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (B) upon the sale of a lease of railcars and all railcars that are Collateral that are subject to such lease pursuant to a Disposition permitted by this Agreement, the Administrative Agent s Security Interest and Liens in such railcars and such lease (but not the proceeds thereof) shall be automatically released without any further action of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, or the L/C Issuer), and, in each instance, the Administrative Agent shall promptly upon written request from the Borrower, and at the expense of the Borrower, take all necessary action to document the full and final release of such Loan Party or Collateral, as applicable, under the Loan Documents. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by the Borrower in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 9.11 Treasury Management Agreements and Swap Contracts . 
 No Lender or Affiliate of a Lender providing Treasury Management Agreements or Swap Contracts that obtains the benefit of Section 8.03 , the Subsidiary Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or any Loan Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or of the Subsidiary Guaranty or any Loan Document) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory 
 123 

arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under Treasury Management Agreements and Swap Contracts except to the extent expressly provided herein and unless the Administrative Agent has received a Secured Party Designation Notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Lender or Affiliate of a Lender providing Treasury Management Agreements or Swap Contracts, as the case may be. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under any such Treasury Management Agreements or such Swap Contracts in the case of the termination of the Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) arising under the Loan Documents. 
 
 9.12 ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 124 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) subclause (i) in the immediately preceding subsection (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with subclause (iv) in the immediately preceding subsection (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 9.13 Recovery of Erroneous Payments . 
 Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Party whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. Each Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 
 Article X MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc . 

(a) 
 
 Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c) below, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 

 (i) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender; 
 (ii) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of 
 125 

them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 
 (iii) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (D) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01(a) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (i) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder; 
 (iv) change Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; 
 (v) amend Section 1.05 or the definition of Alternative Currency without the written consent of each Lender that is obligated to make Credit Extensions in such Alternative Currency; 
 (vi) change the definition of Required Lenders , or change any provision of this Section 10.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; 
 (vii) except in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05 , release all or substantially all of the value of the Subsidiary Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender whose Obligations are Guaranteed thereby; or 
 (viii) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions without the written consent of each Lender whose Obligations are secured by such Collateral; 
 and, provided further , that (A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (B) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (C) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (D) this Agreement may be amended in accordance with Section 3.03 with only the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; and (E) in order to implement any ESG Amendment, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended in accordance with Section 2.18 with only the consent of the Borrower and the Sustainability Coordinator. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent 
 126 

of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary: (i) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may jointly amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure or correct administrative errors or omissions, any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or to effect administrative changes, and such amendment shall become effective without any further consent of any other party to such Loan Document so long as (A) such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or other holder of Obligations in any material respect and (B) the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment, (ii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 3.03 , and (iv) the holders of a majority of the Term Loan Commitments may waive any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.03 . 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: 
 
 (i) pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders, the Borrower is hereby permitted to consummate from time to time transactions with individual Lenders that accept the terms contained in such Extension Offers to extend the maturity date of each such Lender s Loans and/or Commitments (each, an Extension ), so long as no Default nor any Event of Default shall exist at the time the notice in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered to the applicable Lenders, and no Default nor any Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to the effectiveness of any Extension; 
 
 (ii) no consent of any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension; 
 
 (iii) all obligations in respect of an Extension shall be (A) Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral and guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (B) on terms no more favorable, taken as a whole, to the existing Loan and/or Commitments (other than with respect to (1) maturity, (2) pricing, (3) covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Maturity Date and (4) if the existing Lenders also receive the benefit of such more restrictive terms); and 
 
 (iv) the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Borrower as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to accomplish the Extensions set forth in this Section 10.01(b) . 
 
 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication . 
 127 

(a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
 (i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 ; and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF 
 128 

ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY (AS DEFINED BELOW) IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 (d) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities Laws. 
 (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic Committed Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement . 
 129 

No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remed y, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including the imposition of the Default Rate) preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.14 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.14 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, enforcement and collection, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), and shall pay all fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any collection, enforcement, workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit; provided that pursuant to this clause (a), the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse such fees, charges and disbursements of more than one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and all the Lenders, taken as a whole, and if necessary, one special counsel and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, to the Administrative Agent, 
 130 

the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, taken as a whole, unless the representation of one or more Lenders by such counsel would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, in which case, upon prior written notice to the Borrower, the Borrower shall also be required to reimburse the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one additional counsel to such affected Lenders in each relevant jurisdiction. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arranger, each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses of counsel, to the fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel to the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and if reasonably necessary, one special counsel and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, to the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, unless the representation of one or more Indemnitees by such counsel would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, in which case, upon prior written notice to the Borrower, the Borrower shall also be required to reimburse the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one additional counsel to such affected Indemnitees in each relevant jurisdiction), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including any Loan Party) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the Indemnitee s reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or any of its Related Indemnified Parties), (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such other Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) any dispute solely among the Indemnitees other than any claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as Administrative Agent or Arranger or any similar role under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and other than any claims arising out of any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c) , this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 131 

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.13(e) . 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of the Borrower, any agent nor any Lender shall assert, and each hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any other party hereto (or any Indemnitee or any Loan Party), on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof (other than in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee to a third party and to which such Indemnitee is otherwise entitled to indemnification as provided above). No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor together with customary invoice supporting reimbursement or payment. 
 (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside . 
 To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand 
 132 

to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 (A) In the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the related Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than (x) 5,000,000 in the case of any assignment in respect of a Revolving Commitment (and the related Revolving Loans thereunder) and (y) 1,000,000 in the case of any assignment in respect of the Term Loan Commitments or Term Loan, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower 
 133 

otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii) Proportional Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not (A) apply to the Swing Line Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans or (B) prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations in respect of its Revolving Commitment (and the related Revolving Loans thereunder) and its outstanding Term Loans on a non-pro rata basis; 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 
 (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; 
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of (1) any Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of the applicable facility subject to such assignment, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender or (2) any Term Loan to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and 
 (C) the consent of the L/C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit issued (or to be issued) by the L/C Issuer; and 
 (D) the consent of the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Swing Line Loans made (or to be made) by the Swing Line Lender. 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
 134 

(vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent , the L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment); provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for Tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the 
 135 

primary benefit of a natural Person), a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obl igations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10 .04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation . 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section 10.01(a) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive unless the sale of such participation is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note(s), if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of 
 136 

its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f) Resignation after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, (i) upon 30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Borrower, resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided , however , that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America resigns as the L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as the L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) ). If Bank of America resigns as the Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the applicable Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality . 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and to its and its Affiliates Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as, or at least as restrictive as, those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to become a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15 or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its Related Parties) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to 
 137 

the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. 
 For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. 
 10.08 Right of Setoff . 
 If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the L/C Issuer or such Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office or Affiliate of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different from the branch or office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest 
 138 

permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 10.10 Integration; Effectiveness . 
 This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 
 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties . 
 All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
 10.12 Severability . 
 If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . 
 If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , (b) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , (c) any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 (which has not been revoked), (d) any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender or (e) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the 
 139 

Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and th e related Loan Documents to an Eligible A ssignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible A ssignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: 
 (i) the Administrative Agent shall have received the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) ; 
 (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
 (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
 (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and 
 (v) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent; 
 provided that the failure by such Lender to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption shall not impair the validity of the removal of such Lender and the mandatory assignment of such Lender s Commitments and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 10.13 shall nevertheless be effective without the execution by such Lender of an Assignment and Assumption. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided , further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.13 to the contrary, (i) the Lender that acts as the L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer or the depositing of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably 
 140 

satisfactory to such L/C Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (ii) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06 . 
 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc . 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the interpretation of the provisions of the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement, including with respect to satisfaction of the conditions contained therein, whether the American Railcar Acquisition has been consummated as contemplated by the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement, any interpretation of Business Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement) and any determination of whether a Business Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement) has occurred or could reasonably be expected to occur, and whether the representations made regarding, or made by or on behalf of, American Railcar Industries, Inc. in the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement (including any Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations) are accurate and whether as a result of any inaccuracy thereof the Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) has the right to terminate its or their obligations under the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement or the right to not consummate the transactions contemplated by the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement and all issues, claims and disputes concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of the American Railcar Acquisition Agreement and the exhibits and schedules thereto shall, in each case, be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN 
 141 

ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK . 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 10.16 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . 
 Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it 
 142 

is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Pa r ties , which information includes the name and address of the Loan Parties and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the Act. The Loan Parties shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 10.17 Judgment Currency . 
 If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 
 10.18 Statutory Notice . 
 UNDER OREGON LAW, MOST AGREEMENTS, PROMISES AND COMMITMENTS MADE BY THE LENDERS CONCERNING LOANS AND OTHER CREDIT EXTENSIONS WHICH ARE NOT FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES OR SECURED SOLELY BY THE BORROWER S RESIDENCE MUST BE IN WRITING, EXPRESS CONSIDERATION AND BE SIGNED BY THE LENDERS TO BE ENFORCEABLE. 
 10.19 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . 
 In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each of the Loan Parties acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges the other Loan Parties understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Sustainability Coordinator and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Sustainability Coordinator and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each of the Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) each of the Loan Parties is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Sustainability Coordinator and each Lender each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has 
 143 

not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger , the Sustainability Coordinator nor any Lender has any obligation to the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Sustainability Coordinator, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, each of the Loan Parties hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arranger , the Sustainability Coordinatory and each Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 10.20 Electronic Execution . 
 (a) This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer nor the Swing Line Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and/or the Swing Line Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower and/or any Lender Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature, and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. 
 (b) Neither the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer nor the Swingline Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the 
 144 

Administrative Agent s, L/C Issuer s or Swing l ine Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing l ine Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof) . 
 (c) The Borrower, on behalf of itself and each of the other Loan Parties, and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s or any Lender Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 10.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . 
 Solely to the extent any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 10.22 Amendment and Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement . 
 The parties to the Existing Credit Agreement each hereby agrees that, at such time as this Agreement shall have become effective pursuant to the terms of Article IV , (a) the Existing Credit 
 145 

Agreement automatically shall be deemed amended, superseded and restated in its entirety by this Agreement and (b) the Commitments under the Existing Credit Agreement and as defined therein automatically shall be replaced with the Commitments hereunder. This Agreement is not a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement. The promissory notes executed and delivered by the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby cancelled and shall be deemed replaced with the Notes issued hereunder. This amendment and restatement has been effected in accordance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs . 
 To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 10.23 , the following terms have the following meanings: 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 146 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

[SIGNATURE PAGES INTENIONALLY OMITTED] 
 
 147 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.32>
 5
 gbx-ex1032_668.htm
 EX-10.32

gbx-ex1032_668.htm

Exhibit 10.32 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of August 27, 2021 (this Amendment ), is entered into among GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC, an Oregon limited liability company (the Borrower ), Lenders party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018 (as amended or modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as provided herein (the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. Amendments . Effective upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below: 
 (a) the Existing Credit Agreement (but not the schedules and exhibits thereto) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in Annex A attached hereto; and 
 (b) Schedule 2.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in Schedule 2.01 attached hereto. 
 2. Effectiveness; Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall be effective on the date on which all the conditions set forth in this Section 2 have been satisfied (such date, the First Amendment Effective Date ): 
 (a) receipt by the Administrative Agent of the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each of the Administrative Agent: 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Amendment, each executed by the Borrower and each Lender; 
 (ii) favorable opinions of legal counsel to the Borrower, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date; and 
 (iii) (A) copies of the Organization Documents of the Borrower certified to be true and complete as of a recent date by the appropriate Governmental Authority of the state or other jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, where applicable, and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to be true and correct as of the First 

Amendment Effective Date; (B) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of the Borrower as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party; and (C) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Borrower is duly organized or formed, and is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its state of organization or formation ; 
 (b) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received (i) at least five Business Days prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, all documentation and other information that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and (ii) at least five Business Days prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower; 
 (c) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all accrued fees and expenses required to be paid on the First Amendment Effective Date; and 
 (d) the Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the First Amendment Effective Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
 3. Ratification of Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents . Except as specifically amended herein, all Loan Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The Borrower acknowledges and consents to the terms set forth herein and agree that the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents or in any way impair, reduce or limit any of the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents, as amended hereby. This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 4. Authority/Enforceability . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 
 (a) it has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; 
 (b) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable Debtor Relief Laws and general principles of equity; 
 (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by the Borrower does not conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any (x) with respect to the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens), Contractual Obligation or (y) with respect to any conflict, breach or contravention or payment, Contractual Obligation, in each case, to which the Borrower is a party or affecting the Borrower or the properties of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the 
 2 

extent as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which the Borrower or its property is subject; and 
 (d) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment does not (i) contravene the terms of its Organization Documents or (ii) violate any material Law. 
 5. Waiver of Breakage Costs . Inasmuch as the Term Loan is outstanding under the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower must make prepayments and adjustments on such Loan as are necessary to give effect to the Term Loan of the Lenders set forth on Schedule 2.01 attached hereto. The Borrower, in consultation with the Administrative Agent, has endeavored to manage the allocation of the Term Loan and the selection of Interest Periods with respect to outstanding Eurocurrency Rate Loans in such a manner as to minimize breakage costs. Nonetheless, such prepayments of such Loans under the Credit Agreement likely will cause breakage costs. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.05 of the Credit Agreement, each of the Lenders party hereto hereby waives its right to receive compensation or reimbursement for such breakage costs (a) in connection with the reallocation of the Term Loan on the First Amendment Effective Date and (b) in connection with any resetting of the Interest Period for the Term Loan outstanding as of the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 6. Reallocation . The Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that the Term Loan of each Lender as set forth on Schedule 2.01 attached hereto is the Term Loan of such Lender as of the First Amendment Effective Date, with the reallocation of the outstanding Term Loan of the Lenders as they existed immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date having been made per instructions from the Administrative Agent, and neither any Assignment and Acceptance nor any other action of any Person is required to give effect to the Term Loans as set forth on Schedule 2.01 attached hereto. 
 7. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower . The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that after giving effect to this Amendment (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and (b) no Default exists or would result from the Credit Extensions contemplated by this Amendment or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 8. Amendments; Counterparts/Facsimile . This Amendment shall not be construed as a waiver of or consent to any further or future action on the part of the Borrower that would require a waiver or consent of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or e-mail transmission (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment and execution using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record shall be permitted in accordance with Section 10.19 of the Credit Agreement. 
 9. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 3 

10. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 11. Headings . The headings of the sections hereof are provided for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Amendment. 
 12. Severability . If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER: 
 
 GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC, 

By: /s Justin M. Roberts 
 Name: Justin M. Roberts 
 Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

By: /s Anthea Del Bianco 
 Name: Anthea Del Bianco 
 Title: Vice President 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

LENDERS 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender 

By: /s Michael Snook 
 Name: Michael Snook 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

MUFG UNION BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Steve Sloan 
 Name: Steve Sloan 
 Title: Director 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

BANK OF THE WEST, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Gisel Hillner 
 Name: Gisel Hillner 
 Title: Director, Senior Lead Relationship Manager 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Shane Johnson 
 Name: Shane Johnson 
 Title: Executive Director 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Landesbank Hessen-Th ringen Girozentrale , 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Alec A. Tasooji 
 Name: Alec A. Tasooji 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

By: /s Andre Avakov 
 Name: Andre Avakov 
 Title: Vice President 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CREDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL, NEW YORK BRANCH 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Adrienne Molloy 
 Name: Adrienne Molloy 
 Title: Managing Director 

By: /s Andrew McKuin 
 Name: Andrew McKuin 
 Title: Managing Director 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

COMERICA BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Liz V Hulley 
 Name: Liz V Hulley 
 Title: Vice President 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

UMPQUA BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Daniel O Dell 
 Name: Daniel O Dell 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

COLUMBIA STATE BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s Matt Hrdlicka 
 Name: Matt Hrdlicka 
 Title: Vice President 

GREENBRIER LEASING COMPANY LLC 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ANNEX A 
 CONFORMED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CUSIP NO. 39366XAG8 deal 
 39366XAH6 term loan 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of September 26, 2018 
 among 
 Greenbrier Leasing COMPANY LLC , 
 as the Borrower, 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , 
 as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 The Other Lenders Party Hereto 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC. , 
 as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, 
 
 and 
 
 MUFG UNION BANK, N.A. , 
 as Syndication Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 
 1 

1.01 
 
 Defined Terms . 1 

1.02 
 
 Other Interpretive Provisions .24 

1.03 
 
 Accounting Terms .25 

1.04 
 
 Times of Day; Rates .26 

1.05 
 
 Divisions . 26 

ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 
 26 

2.01 
 
 Term Loan .26 

2.02 
 
 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations .26 

2.03 
 
 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 28 

2.04 
 
 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 28 

2.05 
 
 Security .28 

2.06 
 
 Prepayments .28 

2.07 
 
 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 29 

2.08 
 
 Repayment of Loans .29 

2.09 
 
 Interest .29 

2.10 
 
 Fees .30 

2.11 
 
 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate .30 

2.12 
 
 Evidence of Debt .31 

2.13 
 
 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback .31 

2.14 
 
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders .33 

2.15 
 
 Increase to Term Loan .33 

2.16 
 
 Defaulting Lenders .34 

ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 
 35 

3.01 
 
 Taxes .35 

3.02 
 
 Illegality .40 

3.03 
 
 Inability to Determine Rates .40 

3.04 
 
 Increased Costs .42 

3.05 
 
 Compensation for Losses .44 

3.06 
 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders .44 

3.07 
 
 Survival .45 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 45 

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 47 

5.01 
 
 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws .47 

5.02 
 
 Authorization; No Contravention .47 

5.03 
 
 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents .47 

5.04 
 
 Binding Effect .47 

5.05 
 
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect .48 

5.06 
 
 Litigation .48 

5.07 
 
 No Default .48 

5.08 
 
 Ownership of Property; Liens .48 

5.09 
 
 Environmental Compliance .49 

5.10 
 
 Insurance .49 

5.11 
 
 Taxes . 49 

5.12 
 
 ERISA Compliance .49 

5.13 
 
 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests .50 

5.14 
 
 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act .50 

5.15 
 
 Disclosure .50 

5.16 
 
 Compliance with Laws .51 

5.17 
 
 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc .51 

5.18 
 
 OFAC .51 

5.19 
 
 No Affected Financial Institution. 51 

ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 51 

6.01 
 
 Financial Statements .52 

6.02 
 
 Certificates; Other Information .52 

6.03 
 
 Notices . Promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender:54 

6.04 
 
 Payment of Tax Obligations .55 

6.05 
 
 Preservation of Existence, Etc .55 

6.06 
 
 Maintenance of Properties .55 

6.07 
 
 Maintenance of Insurance .55 

6.08 
 
 Compliance with Laws .56 

6.09 
 
 Books and Records .56 

6.10 
 
 Inspection Rights .56 

6.11 
 
 Use of Proceeds .57 

6.12 
 
 Pledged Railcars .57 

6.13 
 
 Pledged Assets .57 

6.14 
 
 Anti-Corruption Laws . 58 

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 58 

7.01 
 
 Liens .58 

7.02 
 
 Investments .61 

7.03 
 
 Indebtedness .62 

7.04 
 
 Fundamental Changes .64 

7.05 
 
 Dispositions .65 

7.06 
 
 Change in Nature of Business .66 

7.07 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates .66 

7.08 
 
 Burdensome Agreements .66 

7.09 
 
 Use of Proceeds .68 

7.10 
 
 Financial Covenants .68 

7.11 
 
 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws . 68 

ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 
 68 

8.01 
 
 Events of Default .68 

8.02 
 
 Remedies Upon Event of Default .70 

8.03 
 
 Application of Funds .71 

ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 72 

9.01 
 
 Appointment and Authority .72 

9.02 
 
 Rights as a Lender .72 

9.03 
 
 Exculpatory Provisions .72 

9.04 
 
 Reliance by Administrative Agent .73 

9.05 
 
 Delegation of Duties .74 

9.06 
 
 Resignation of Administrative Agent .74 

ii 

9.07 
 
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . 75 

9.08 
 
 No Other Duties, Etc .75 

9.09 
 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding .75 

9.10 
 
 Collateral .77 

9.11 
 
 Secured Hedge Agreements .77 

9.12 
 
 ERISA Matters .78 

9.13 
 
 Recovery of Erroneous Payments . 79 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 79 

10.01 
 
 Amendments, Etc .79 

10.02 
 
 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication .80 

10.03 
 
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement .82 

10.04 
 
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver .83 

10.05 
 
 Payments Set Aside .85 

10.06 
 
 Successors and Assigns .85 

10.07 
 
 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality .88 

10.08 
 
 Right of Setoff .89 

10.09 
 
 Interest Rate Limitation .90 

10.10 
 
 Integration; Effectiveness .90 

10.11 
 
 Survival of Representations and Warranties .90 

10.12 
 
 Severability .90 

10.13 
 
 Replacement of Lenders .91 

10.14 
 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc .92 

10.15 
 
 Waiver of Jury Trial .93 

10.16 
 
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice .93 

10.17 
 
 Statutory Notice .93 

10.18 
 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility .94 

10.19 
 
 Electronic Execution .94 

10.20 
 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 95 

10.21 
 
 Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs . 96 

iii 

SCHEDULES 
 1.01 Pledged Railcars 
 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 5.03 Governmental Authorizations; Other Consents 
 5.10 Insurance 
 5.13 Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments 
 7.01 Existing Liens 
 7.02 Existing Investments 
 7.03 Existing Indebtedness 
 7.08 Burdensome Agreements 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 

EXHIBITS 
 Form of 
 1.01 Form of Secured Party Designation Notice 
 2.02 Loan Notice 
 2.06 Notice of Prepayment 
 2.12 Note 
 3.01 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 6.02(a) Borrowing Base Certificate 
 6.02(b) Compliance Certificate 
 10.06 Assignment and Assumption 
 
 iv 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Agreement is entered into as of September 26, 2018, among Greenbrier LEASING COMPANY LLC , an Oregon limited liability company (the Borrower ), each Lender (defined herein) from time to time a party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT 
 The Borrower is a party to a certain Credit Agreement dated as of March 20, 2014 with certain Lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for such Lenders (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time until (but not including) the date of this Agreement, the Existing Credit Agreement ). 
 The parties to this Agreement desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 The Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
 Article I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1.01 Defined Terms . 
 As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America, acting as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agreement means this Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan held by such Lender at such time. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption (or other document contemplated by this Agreement) pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 

Applicable Rate means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(b) : 

Applicable Rate 

Pricing Level 
 
 Consolidated Capitalization Ratio 
 
 Eurocurrency Rate Loans 
 
 Base Rate Loans 

1 
 
 Greater than 0.40 to 1.0 
 
 1.875 
 
 0.875 

2 
 
 Greater than 0.20 to 1.0 and less than or equal to 0.40 to 1.0 
 
 1.625 
 
 0.625 

3 
 
 Less than or equal to 0.20 to 1.0 
 
 1.375 
 
 0.375 

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b) ; provided , however , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then upon request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level 1 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and Pricing Level 1 shall remain in effect until the first Business Day immediately following the date on which such Compliance Certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b) . The Applicable Rate in effect from the First Amendment Effective Date through delivery of the Compliance Certificate for the fiscal year ending on August 31, 2021 shall be determined based upon Pricing Level 2. 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Arranger means BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit 10.06 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, in each case (a) and (b) if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. 
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus of 1 , (ii) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate and (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.0 ; provided that if the Base Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including its costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 3.03(c) then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 Benchmark Replacement means: 
 (1) For purposes of Section 3.03(c)(i) , the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: 

(a) 
 
 the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months duration, 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of six-months duration, and 0.71513 (71.513 basis points) for an Available Tenor of twelve-months duration , or 

(b) 
 
 the sum of: (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) 0.26161 (26.161 basis points); 

 provided that, if initially LIBOR is replaced with the rate contained in clause (b) above (Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable spread adjustment) and subsequent to such replacement, the Administrative Agent determines that Term SOFR has become available and is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and 

each Lender of such availability, then from and after the beginning of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Benchmark Replacement shall be as set forth in clause (a) above; and 
 (2) For purposes of Section 3.03(c)(ii), the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by a Relevant Governmental Body, for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time; 
 provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0 , the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Any Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark or a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such administrator announcing or stating that all Available Tenors are or will no longer be representative, or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide any representative tenors of such Benchmark after such specific date. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 Borrowing Base means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the net book value of the Pledged Railcars on the books of the Borrower as of such date. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate in a form attached as Exhibit 6.02(a) or other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which calculates the Borrowing Base as of any date of determination. 
 Borrowing Base Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan as of such date minus the amount of all Cash Collateral as of such date to (b) the Borrowing Base in effect for such date. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located and if such day relates to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. 
 Cash Collateral means cash that has been deposited in a deposit account maintained at Bank of America and is subject to a first-priority perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, (b) any change in any Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which: 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all Equity Interests that such person or group has the right to acquire (such right, an option right ), whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of 35 or more of the Equity Interests of the Parent entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Parent on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); 
 (b) during any period of 24 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Parent cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of 

such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body ; or 
 (c) the failure of the Parent to own and control (directly or indirectly) at least 75 of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower. 
 Closing Date means September 26, 2018. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Collateral means any and all assets and rights and interests in or to property of the Borrower, whether tangible or intangible, in which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted pursuant to the Loan Documents to secure any of the Obligations. 
 Collateral Documents means a collective reference to the Security Agreement and the other security documents as may be executed and delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the terms of Section 6.13 . 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make its portion of the Term Loan to the Borrower on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.01 , in an aggregate principal amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 (as in effect on the Closing Date). 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 6.02(b) . 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA plus rent expense for the period of the four prior fiscal quarters ending on such date to (b) Consolidated Interest Charges (excluding (i) any non-cash impact associated with any equity or equity-linked securities and (ii) any prepayment premiums or penalties associated with the voluntary prepayment or redemption of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 paid in cash by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) plus rent expense for such period. Solely for purposes of this definition, rent expense shall include operating lease expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of prepayment premiums excluded from Consolidated Interest Charges pursuant to the parenthetical in clause (b) of the preceding sentence, together with the aggregate amount of consent fees added back to Consolidated Net Income for purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(vi) of such definition, shall not exceed 3 of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 so prepaid or redeemed. In addition, solely for purposes of this definition and in the sole discretion of the Borrower, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Charges shall include pro-forma adjustments to incorporate the financial results of any entity acquired during the subject period by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Capitalization Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date to (b) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness plus Stockholders Equity as of such date. 

Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (a) the following to the extent deducted (except in the case of clause (vii)) in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: (i) Consolidated Interest Charges for such period, (ii) income tax expense or benefit (net of income tax credits) as reported on the consolidated statement of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) other extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring charges, expenses or losses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period, (v) non-cash stock compensation expenses for such period which do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period, (vi) consent fees (excluding fees to waive existing defaults) paid to holders of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 , (vii) to the extent not already included in Consolidated EBITDA, (A) any costs (including fees and expenses) incurred to the extent indemnified or otherwise covered by a third party (to the extent received by the Borrower during such period ), (B) any costs incurred with respect to liability or casualty events, to the extent covered by insurance and received during such period, and (C) proceeds of business interruption insurance received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (viii) costs, fees, expenses, charges and any one-time payments made related to (A) the Borrower s negotiation and entry into the Loan Documents (including the First Amendment) or (B) any Permitted Acquisition or any debt or equity offering (whether or not consummated) , including, without limitation, amendments, waivers or forbearances of the Parent Credit Facility and (ix) all unrealized non-cash losses under interest rate Swap Contracts during such period and minus (b) to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, (i) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring income or gains of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries increasing such Consolidated Net Income which does not represent a cash item in such period or any future period and (ii) all unrealized non-cash gains under interest rate Swap Contracts during such period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of consent fees added back to Consolidated Net Income for purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(vi) of the preceding sentence, together with the aggregate amount of prepayment premiums excluded from Consolidated Interest Charges pursuant to the parenthetical in clause (b) of the first sentence of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio, shall not exceed 3 of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 so repaid or the holders of which have been so compensated. For purposes of clarification, gains or losses on purchases or sales of equipment in the ordinary course of the Borrower s and its Subsidiaries business shall not constitute non-recurring income or expenses for purposes of determining Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, without duplication, the sum of: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; (b) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, advisory fees and any earn-out obligation until such earn-out obligation is required to become a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP); (c) Indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including Indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such Indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; provided , however , that if such Indebtedness is limited in recourse to the property encumbered thereby, such Indebtedness shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of the (i) fair market value of such asset at such date of determination and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness; (d) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; (e) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Disqualified Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; (f) all Guarantees with respect to Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (e) above of another Person; and (g) all Indebtedness of the types referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is a general partner or joint venturer, except to the extent that Indebtedness 

is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is designated as a borrower or an issuer under the Parent Credit Facility, all Indebtedness and other obligations (whether consisting of guarantees or otherwise) in respect of the Parent Credit Facility shall be excluded from the definition of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness. 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees (other than fees that are capitalized and amortized over the life of a loan), prepayment fees, Swap Contract expenses or breakage fees, charges and related expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, and (b) the portion of rent expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to such period under capital leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (excluding extraordinary items) for that period; provided , however , that, without duplication, Consolidated Net Income shall be calculated without giving effect to (a) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles, (b) any write-off of deferred financing costs incurred as a result of the refinancing of Indebtedness, (c) purchase accounting adjustments required or permitted by GAAP, (d) any non-cash net after-tax income or loss from operating results of discontinued operations as determined by GAAP, and any after-tax gains or losses from sales of discontinued operations, (e) any non-cash impairment, charges or asset write-downs or write-offs (other than write-downs or write-offs of current assets), and (f) the net income (or loss) for such period of any Person that is not a Subsidiary; provided that Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be increased by the amount of dividends, distributions and other payments based on equity ownership that are actually paid in cash to the Borrower or a Subsidiary in respect of such period, in each case pursuant to GAAP. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Credit Extension means a Borrowing. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the secured overnight financing rate SOFR published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum; provided , however , that with respect to a 

Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.16(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of the Term Loan within two Business Days of the date the Term Loan was required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s reasonable determination (in good faith) that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s reasonable determination (in good faith) that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in a writing reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.16(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. For purposes of clarification, the use of cash, cash equivalents or money in the ordinary course of business or in a manner not otherwise expressly prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, in each case, shall not constitute a Disposition or to Dispose under this Agreement. 
 Disqualified Equity Interest means any Equity Interest of any Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof) or upon the happening of any event (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof or upon a change of control (as defined therein) or an asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of such change in control or asset sale are subject to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) 

and the termination of this Agreement) or is mandatorily redeemable in cash pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable in cash at the option of the holder thereof (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof or upon a change of control (as defined therein) or an asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of such change in control or asset sale are subject to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than contingent indemn ification obligations) and the termination of this Agreement), or (c) requires or mandates the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance or other similar payment (other than dividends) for cash (other than in connection with or upon a change of control (as defined therein) or an asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of such change in control or asset sale are subject to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than conting ent indemnification obligations) and the termination of this Agreement), in each case, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date . 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
 Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of: 
 (a) a determination by the Administrative Agent, or a notification by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent that the Borrower has made a determination, that U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 3.03(c) , are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and 
 (b) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning specified in Section 10.19(a) . 
 Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Sections 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) ). 
 Environmental Laws means any and all United States federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the Release or threatened Release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests of any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of, or interest in, (however designated) equity of such Person, including any preferred stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for Equity Interests. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Eurocurrency Rate means: 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period LIBOR as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as 

may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period ; and 
 (b) for any interest rate calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR at or about 11:00 a.m. London time, determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing that day; 
 provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Eurocurrency Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Eurocurrency Rate . 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii) , 3.01(a)(iii) or 3.01(c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning specified in the Introductory Statement hereto. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any applicable intergovernmental agreements. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter means the letter agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger. 
 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means August 27, 2021. 

Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, any (a) any Contractual Obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Hedge Bank means, with respect to any Swap Contract, any Person that (i) at the time it enters into such Swap Contract, is a Lender or the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent, (ii) in the case of any such Swap Contract in effect on or prior to the Closing Date, is, as of the Closing Date or within 30 days thereafter, a Lender or the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent and a party to a Swap Contract or (iii) within 30 days after the time it enters into such Swap Contract, becomes a Lender, the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender 

or the Administrative Agent, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Swap Contract; provided , in the case of a Secured Hedge Agreement with a Person who is no longer a Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender), such Person shall be considered a Hedge Bank only through the stated termination date (without extension or renewal) of such Secured Hedge Agreement. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date, any Subsidiary (a) whose total assets, as of that date, are less than 5,000,000 and (b) whose total revenues for the most recent twelve-month period do not exceed 5,000,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any Subsidiary that Guarantees the Parent s obligations under the Parent Credit Facility be an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank Guarantees, surety bonds and similar instruments; 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, advisory fees and any earn-out obligation until such earn-out obligation is required to become a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP); 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; provided, however, that if such indebtedness is limited in recourse to the property encumbered thereby, such indebtedness shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such asset at such date of determination and (ii) the amount of such indebtedness; 
 (f) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; 
 (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Disqualified Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and 
 (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Intercreditor Agreement means (a) that certain Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Administrative Agent and the administrative agent under the Parent Credit Facility and (b) any other intercreditor agreement contemplated by Section 6.12(d) . 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means, as to each Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan and ending on the date that is one, three or six months thereafter or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders (in each case, subject to availability), as selected by the Borrower in its Loan Notice; provided that: 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 
 (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
 (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property of, or a line of business or division of, another Person . For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment made by any Person shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment less all cash returns, cash dividends and cash distributions (or the fair market value of any non-cash returns, dividends and distributions) received by such Person from such Investment. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Joint Venture means a Person or other legal arrangement which meets the following criteria: (a) it is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other similar legal arrangement (whether created by contract or conducted through a separate legal entity) formed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with another Person in order to conduct a common venture or enterprise with such Person and (b) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly own less than 75 of the Equity Interests. 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, United States federal , state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 Lender means each of the Persons identified as a Lender on the signature pages hereto and each other Person that becomes a Lender in accordance with this Agreement and their successors and assigns. 
 Lending Office means, as to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the office or offices of such Person described as such in such Person s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as such Person may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 LIBOR has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Term Loan. 
 Loan Documents means (a) this Agreement, (b) each Note, (c) the Fee Letter, (d) any Intercreditor Agreement and (e) the Collateral Documents. Loan Documents shall not include Secured Hedge Agreements. 
 Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Term Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.02 or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Managed Person means any entity for which the Borrower or a Subsidiary provides management or other services but with respect to which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has any ownership interest. 
 Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties or financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Borrower to perform its material obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 Material Contractual Obligation means, with respect to any Person, (i) each Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by such Person of an amount equal to or greater than the Threshold Amount (other than purchase orders in the ordinary 

course of the business of such Person), and (ii) all other contracts or agreements, the loss of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Maturity Date means August 27, 2027. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type subject to and described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all directly affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.13 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
 Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender to the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.12 . 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.06 or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. 
 Obligations means (a) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan and (b) all obligations of the Borrower owing to a Hedge Bank in respect of Secured Hedge Agreements, in each case identified in clauses (a) and (b), whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including (i) interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding and (ii) all costs and expenses in connection with the enforcement or collection of the obligations that are reimbursable by the Borrower under the terms of any Loan Document. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Rate Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement other than a SOFR-based rate pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 3.03(c)(ii) and paragraph (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Parent means The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., an Oregon corporation. 
 Parent Credit Facility means that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018 among the Parent, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, as administrative agent (including, without limitation, any guarantee agreements and security documents and other documentation entered into in connection therewith), as any such agreement or facility may be amended (including any amendment and restatement thereof), restated, supplemented, refinanced, replaced (in whole or in part), or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, including any agreement (including any subsequent agreement or agreements) exchanging, extending the maturity of, refinancing, renewing, replacing, substituting or otherwise restructuring, whether in the bank or debt capital markets or otherwise (or combination thereof) (including increasing the amount of available borrowings thereunder or adding or removing borrowers or guarantors thereunder) and whether in whole or in part, all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such agreement or facility or any successor or replacement agreement or facility (including, without limitation, any guarantee agreements and security documents and other documentation entered into in connection therewith). 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 
 Permitted Acquisition means an Investment consisting of the acquisition by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of either (a) all or any substantial portion of the property of, or a line of business or division of, another Person or (b) at least a majority of the Voting Stock of another Person, in each case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person (any such transaction, an Acquisition ), provided , that (i) the property acquired (or the property of the Person acquired) in such Acquisition is a business, or those assets of a business, of the type that would not result in a violation of Section 7.06 , (ii) in the case of an Acquisition of the Equity Interests of another Person, the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of such other Person shall have duly approved such Acquisition, (iii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such Acquisition, the Borrower would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.10 on a Pro Forma Basis for the period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 , (iv) the representations and warranties made by the Borrower in each Loan Document shall be true and 

correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) at and as if made as of the date of such Acquisitio n (after giving effect thereto), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, v if such transaction involves the purchase of an interest in a partnership between the Borrower as a general partner and entities unaffiliated with the Borrower as the other partners, such transaction shall be effected by having such equity interest acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly owned by the Borrower newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such transaction and (vi) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such Acquisition, the Borrowing Base Ratio does not exceed 0.85 to 1.00. 
 Permitted Liens means, at any time, Liens in respect of property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary permitted to exist at such time pursuant to the terms of Section 7.01 . 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Pledged Railcars means those certain railcars owned by the Borrower and pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents. As of the Closing Date, the Pledged Railcars are identified by the reporting mark (including the road number and the lease number on Schedule 1.01 . Thereafter, Schedule 1.01 shall be deemed to be updated from time to time in connection with Dispositions of or casualty or condemnation events with respect to any such railcars and pledges of additional railcars pursuant to the Collateral Documents, whether as a result of addition, substitution or otherwise. 
 Pro Forma Basis means, for purposes of calculating the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.10 (including for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate) or as otherwise specified by this Agreement, that any adjustments in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by Section 7.02 that results in a Person becoming a Subsidiary shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the most recent four fiscal quarter period preceding the date of such transaction for which the Borrower was required to deliver (and has delivered) financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) . In connection with the foregoing, (a) income statement items attributable to the Person or property acquired shall be included to the extent relating to any period applicable in such calculations to the extent (i) such items are not otherwise included in such income statement items for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP or in accordance with any defined terms set forth in Section 1.01 and (ii) such items are supported by financial statements or other information reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (including the Person or property acquired) in connection with such transaction and any Indebtedness of the Person or property acquired which is not retired in connection with such transaction shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable period. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 

Qualified Equity Interests means the Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Related Indemnified Party means with respect to any Indemnitee (a) any Controlling Person or Controlled Affiliate of such Indemnitee, (b) the respective directors, officers or employees of such Indemnitee, (c) the respective agents and advisors or other representatives of such Indemnitee, in the case of this clause (c), acting on behalf of or at the instruction of such Indemnitee; provided , that each reference to a Controlled Affiliate or Controlling Person in this definition pertains to a Controlled Affiliate or Controlling Person involved in the negotiation, syndication, administration and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing or migration into, onto or through the environment. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed with or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Required Lenders means, as at any date of determination, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50 of the outstanding Term Loans. The outstanding Term Loans of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.13(b)(ii) . 
 Resignation Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06 . 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, controller or assistant controller, secretary or assistant secretary, treasurer or assistant treasurer of the Borrower and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and appropriate authorization documentation, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, 

on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower s and any Subsidiary s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof) . 
 Sanction(s) means any international economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government, including OFAC, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Secured Hedge Agreement means any Swap Contract that is entered into by and between the Borrower and any Hedge Bank with respect to such Swap Contract for purposes of providing protection against fluctuations in interest rates relating to the Term Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, a holder of Obligations in respect of Secured Hedge Agreements shall be subject to the last paragraph of Section 8.03 and Section 9.11 . 
 Secured Party Designation Notice shall mean a notice from any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit 1.01 . 
 Security Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 SOFR Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 3.03(c)(i) and paragraph (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 SPE means any Person that is a direct or indirect, special purpose subsidiary of the Borrower that engages in no activities other than those reasonably related to or in connection with the entering into of transactions described in Section 7.05 , including lease securitization, structured finance or syndication transactions, and/or in acquiring, managing, marketing, remarketing, leasing and/or selling rail cars and which is designated by the governing body of the Borrower as an SPE; provided (a) that neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary (i) shall provide any Guarantee or other credit support to such Person, (ii) shall have any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding with such Person other than on terms that are fair and reasonable and that are no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained from an unrelated Person (other than representations, warranties and covenants (including those relating to servicing) entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a transactions contemplated by Section 7.05(f) , including lease securitization, structured finance or syndication transactions) and (iii) shall have any obligation to maintain or preserve such Person s financial condition or to cause such Person to achieve certain levels of operating results and (b) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person shall be recourse to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (other than representations, warranties and covenants (including those relating to servicing) entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a transactions contemplated by Section 7.05(f) , including lease securitization, structured finance or syndication transactions). 
 Stockholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated stockholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP but excluding any non-cash impact of (i) goodwill impairment charges, (ii) increases (or decreases) from accumulated other comprehensive income (or loss) and (iii) the issuance of any equity or equity-linked securities. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having 

such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. For purposes of the Loan Documents, the term Subsidiary shall not include any SPE , any Managed Person or any Joint Venture . 
 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01 . The aggregate outstanding amount of the Term Loan on the First Amendment Effective Date is 200,000,000. 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor (or if any Available Tenor of a Benchmark does not correspond to an Available Tenor for the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the closest corresponding Available Tenor and if such Available Tenor corresponds equally to two Available Tenors of the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the corresponding tenor of the shorter duration shall be applied), the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 Threshold Amount means 15,000,000. 
 Treasury Management Services means treasury or cash management services related to deposit accounts, funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, 

controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services , credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called procurement cards or P-cards and other cash management services. 
 Type means, with respect to a Term Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurocurrency Rate Loan. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(3) . 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . 
 With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed 

to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof, and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including ; the words to and until each mean to but excluding ; and the word through means to and including . 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 1.03 Accounting Terms . 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that , until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
 (c) Calculations; Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . Notwithstanding the above, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that all calculations of the financial covenants in Section 7.10 (including for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate) shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis. All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity (other than any such entity that is an SPE) that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB Interpretation No. 46 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities: an interpretation of ARB No. 51 (January 2003) as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, any change in GAAP requiring leases which were previously classified as operating leases to be treated as 

capitalized leases shall be ignored for the purpose of determining Indebtedness hereunder and such leases shall continue to be treated as operating leases for such purpose consistent with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. 
 1.04 Times of Day; Rates . 
 Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate or with respect to any rate that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Replacement Benchmark) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Benchmark Conforming Changes 
 1.05 Divisions . 
 For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 Article II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 2.01 Term Loan . 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make its portion (which shall equal such Lender s Commitment) of a 225,000,000 term loan (the Term Loan to the Borrower in Dollars on the Closing Date; provided that each Lender s portion of the outstanding Term Loan under (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to have been advanced to the Borrower by such Lender on the Closing Date and shall be applied to reduce such Lender s Commitment. Amounts repaid on the Term Loan may not be reborrowed. The Term Loan may consist of Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as further provided herein, provided , however , the Borrowing made on the Closing Date shall be made as a Base Rate Loan unless the Borrower has delivered a funding indemnity letter in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations . 
 (a) Each Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent which may be given by: (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice. Each Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Loans that are Eurocurrency Rate Loans or of any conversion of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) on the Closing Date for the Borrowing of Term Loans that are Base Rate Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower wishes to request Eurocurrency Rate Loans having an Interest Period other than seven (7) days, one, two, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) four Business 

Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them. Not later than 11:00 a.m., on the applicable Business Day specified in the immediately preceding sentence for which a request for such a Borrowing, conversion or continuation must be received, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof. Each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Term Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Term Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Term Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Term Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Term Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Term Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurocurrency Rate Loans. If the Borrower requests a conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month . 
 (b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Term Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Term Loans, as described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Term Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV , the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurocurrency Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. 
 (e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Term Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than five Interest Periods in effect with respect to Term Loans. 
 2.03 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 

2.04 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 
 2.05 Security . 
 All Obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and all other Loan Documents shall be secured by the Collateral in accordance with the Loan Documents. 
 2.06 Prepayments . 
 (a) Voluntary Prepayments . The Borrower may, upon delivery of a Notice of Loan Prepayment from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay the Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (ii) on the requested date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans. Any prepayment shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurocurrency Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.16 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. Any prepayment shall be applied ratably to the remaining principal amortization payments of the Term Loan, including, without limitation, the final principal repayment installment on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments . (i) Within ten Business Days following any Disposition of or casualty or condemnation event with respect to any Pledged Railcars that causes the Unremedied Railcar Value to equal or exceed 5,000,000, the Borrower shall prepay the Loans as provided in clause (iii) below, pledge additional railcars pursuant to the Collateral Documents and/or provide Cash Collateral to the extent necessary to cause the Unremedied Railcar Value to be less than 5,000,000. For purposes hereof, Unremedied Railcar Value means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (A) the aggregate book value on the books of the Borrower of all Pledged Railcars that have been subject to a Disposition or a casualty or condemnation event (in each case valued at the time of such Disposition or casualty or condemnation event) minus (B) the aggregate amount of all prepayments of the Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(i) minus (C) the aggregate book value on the books of the Borrower of all additional railcars pledged pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(i) minus (D) all Cash Collateral pledged pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(i) and subject to the Lien of the Administrative Agent on such date. 
 (ii) If at any time the Borrowing Base Ratio, as reflected on the most recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate exceeds 0.85 to 1.00, the Borrower shall within five Business Days following such determination, prepay the Loans as provided in clause (iii) below, pledge additional railcars pursuant to the Collateral Documents and/or provide Cash Collateral to the extent necessary to cause the Borrowing Base Ratio (as calculated after giving effect to any such prepayment of Loans, pledge of additional railcars and/or provision of Cash Collateral) to be less than or equal to the Borrowing Base Ratio as reflected on the most recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate which evidenced a Borrowing Base Ratio that did not exceed 0.85 to 1.00. 

(iii) All amounts prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) shall be applied ratably to the remaining principal amortization payments including, without limitation, the final principal repayment installment on the Maturity Date . Within the parameters of the for e going application, prepayments shall be applied first to Base Rate Loans and then to Eurocurrency Rate Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities. All prepayments under this Section 2.06(b) shall be subject to Section 3.05 , but otherwise without premium or penalty, and shall be accompanied by interest on the principal amount prepaid through the date of prepayment. 
 2.07 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 
 2.08 Repayment of Loans . 
 The Borrower shall repay the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan in equal installments of 1,750,000 on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing September 30, 2021) with the remaining outstanding balance to be payable on the Maturity Date (as such installments may hereafter be adjusted as a result of prepayments made pursuant to Section 2.06 ), unless accelerated sooner pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 2.09 Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; and (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. To the extent that any calculation of interest or any fee required to be paid under this Agreement shall be based on (or result in) a calculation that is less than zero, such calculation shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (iii) Upon the written request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall 

be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 2.10 Fees . 
 (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts, the fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 (b) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 2.11 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate . 
 (a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12 , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 (b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Borrower or for any other reason, the Borrower or the Lenders determine that (i) the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall promptly and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent or any Lender), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under Section 2.09(b) or under Article VIII . 
 2.12 Evidence of Debt . 
 The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender to the Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to the Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse 

thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 2.13 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 1:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders, the amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount : (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the 

Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate . 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 2.14 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . 
 If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that: 
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 

The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 2.15 Increase to Term Loan . 
 (a) Request for Increase . Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Borrower may from time to time, request an increase to the Term Loan by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 100,000,000; provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 20,000,000. At the time of sending such notice, the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). 
 (b) Lender Elections to Increase . Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its portion of the Term Loan and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its portion of the Term Loan. 
 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent; Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Borrower may also invite additional Persons that qualify as Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Term Loan is increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the date of funding of such increase (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. 
 (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to the Borrowing of such increase, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by the Borrower approving or consenting to such increase, and (ii) certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (B) no Default exists. 
 (f) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Sections 2.14 or 10.01 to the contrary. 

(g) B eginning with the date of the next principal amortization payment, occurring after the date of such increase, the amount of each principal amortization payment on the Term Loan, shall be increased by the minimum amount that, when allocated ratably (based on outstandings) among all of the Lenders , immediately after giving effect to such increase , would provide (assuming all other things to be equal) for each of the Lenders holding the Term Loan immediately prior to giving effect to such increase, to receive in connection with such principal amortization payment an amount at least equal to the amount that such Lender would have received had such increase in the Term Loan (and the corresponding adjustment to such principal amortization payment pursuant to this Section 2.15(g) not taken place . 
 2.16 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01 . 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement; fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and fifth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.16(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 

Article III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes . 
 (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, then the Administrative Agent or the Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 (ii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any such required withholding or the making of all such required deductions (including such deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (iii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . (i) The Borrower shall, and does hereby indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or 

attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall, and does hereby indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
 (ii) Each Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii). 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . Upon request by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. 
 (e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , 

3.01(e)(ii)(B) and 3.01(e)(ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax; 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 3.01-A to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 3.01-B or Exhibit 3.01-C , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender 

may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 3.01-D on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies (or originals, as required) of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. 
 (iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such 

Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 3.02 Illegality . 
 If any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Lending Office to perform any of its obligations hereunder or to make, maintain or fund or charge interest with respect to any Loan, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such Loan or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender, shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all such Eurocurrency Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based on the Eurocurrency Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates . 
 (a) If in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (i) the Administrative Agent determines that (a) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or, (b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to clause (i), Impacted Loans ), or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the Administrative Agent 

will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurocurrency Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in clause (a)(i) of this Section and the Borrower shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the affected Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend the definition of Eurocurrency Rate and other applicable provisions to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change; provided that, until so amended, such Impacted Loans will be handled as otherwise provided pursuant to the terms of this Section. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document: 
 (i) On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of LIBOR s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight/Spot Next, 1-week, 1-month, 2-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12- month Dollar LIBOR tenor settings. On the earliest of (A) the date that all Available Tenors of Dollar LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative, (B) June 30, 2023 and (C) the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of a SOFR Early Opt-in, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 
 (ii) (x) Upon (A) the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a determination by the Administrative Agent that neither of the alternatives under clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement are available, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (and any such objection shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error); provided that solely in the event that the then-current Benchmark at the time of such Benchmark Transition Event is not a SOFR-based rate, the Benchmark Replacement therefor shall be determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement unless the Administrative Agent determines that neither of such alternative rates is available. 

(y) On the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of an Other Rate Early Opt-in, the Benchmark Replacement will replace LIBOR for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii) At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 
 (iv) In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 (v) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.03(c) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(c) . 
 (vi) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBOR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (B) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 
 3.04 Increased Costs . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e) ); 

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Loans made by such Lender; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay to such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 (e) Additional Reserve Requirements . The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive, absent manifest error), which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days prior notice (with a copy to 

the Administrative Agent) of such additional costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice. 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses . 
 Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Eurocurrency Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; 
 (c) any assignment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 ; 
 including any loss of anticipated profits, and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan, from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurocurrency Rate Loan made by it at the Eurocurrency Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lender hereby waives any claims it has pursuant to this Section 3.05 solely to the extent arising on the Closing Date as a result of any reallocation of the outstanding Term Loan on the Closing Date to reflect the Applicable Percentages set forth on Schedule 2.01 as of the Closing Date. 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of the Borrower, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 (which has not been revoked) and, in each case, the Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) which results in the elimination of the amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 and Section 3.04 , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 3.07 Survival . 
 All of the obligations of the Borrower under this Article III shall survive termination of the Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent. 
 Article IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 The obligation of each Lender to make its portion of the Term Loan hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (where applicable), each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Agreement; 
 (ii) Notes executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting Notes; 
 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of the Borrower as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party; 
 (iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Borrower is duly organized or formed, and that the Borrower is validly existing, in good standing, as applicable in their respective jurisdictions of formation; 
 (v) such executed documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to perfect (to the extent then required pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Documents) the Lenders first priority (except as otherwise provided in any Intercreditor Agreement) security interest in the Collateral, including filings with the United States Surface Transportation Board; 
 (vi) evidence that the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, shall have a perfected (to the extent then required pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Documents) security interest in the Collateral; 
 (vii) favorable opinions of Paul Hastings LLP and Tonkon Torp LLP, counsel to the Borrower, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender; 

(viii) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and the validity against the Borrower of the Loan Documents, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that, except as otherwise provided in Section 5.03 , no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required; 
 (ix) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that no Default exists, (B) that the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished by the Borrower at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material respects and (C) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (x) a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the Closing Date, which shall demonstrate that the Borrowing Base equals or exceeds 264,705,882; and 
 (xi) evidence that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents has been obtained and is in effect. 
 (b) At least five days prior to the Closing Date, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower. 
 (c) Any fees required to be paid on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. 
 (d) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), in each case, to the extent invoiced at least 1 day prior to the Closing Date. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Article IV , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 Article V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws . 
 The Borrower and each Subsidiary thereof (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) 

own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except with respect to clause (a) (as to any Subsidiary only), clause (b)(i) and/or clause (c) , in each case, only to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention . 
 The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of each Loan Document to which the Borrower is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not (a) contravene the terms of any of the Borrower s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any (x) with respect to the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens), Contractual Obligation or (y) with respect to any conflict, breach or contravention or payment, Contractual Obligation, in each case, to which the Borrower is a party or affecting the Borrower or the properties of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any material Law. 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents . 
 No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, the Borrower of this Agreement or any other Loan Document except (a) as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) for the authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings listed on Schedule 5.03 , (c) filings and recordings with respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to the Administrative Agent for filing or recordation and (d) notices and filings required by law in connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to the Loan Documents. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of each Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party do not require any approval of the Borrower s equity holders or any approval or consent of any Person under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower, other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of Contractual Obligations, for consents or approvals, the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.04 Binding Effect . 
 This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity. 
 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities 

required to be shown under GAAP , direct or contingent, of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 (b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries dated May 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.06 Litigation . 
 There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties that either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.07 No Default . 
 Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens . 
 Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower has good and marketable title to all Pledged Railcars, subject to (a) Permitted Liens that do not secure Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) and (b) leases entered into in the ordinary course of the Borrower s business. The property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is subject to no Liens, other than Permitted Liens. 
 5.09 Environmental Compliance . 
 The Borrower and its Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Borrower has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.10 Insurance . 
 The properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates (except as permitted below) of the Borrower, in such amounts, and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary operates; provided, however, that the Borrower may reduce the amount of insurance required to 

be maintained above to the extent that the Borrower maintains a self-insurance program providing insurance coverage in lieu thereof and in a manner consistent with past practices or otherwise in accordance with sound business practices by companies in similar businesses similarly situated and located. The property and general liability insurance coverage of the Borrower as in effect on the Closing Date is outlined as to carrier, polic y number, expiration date and type on Schedule 5.10 . 
 5.11 Taxes . 
 The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal and state income Taxes and other material Tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all United States federal and state income Taxes and other material Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP and (b) those (other than United States federal income Taxes) where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in liability in a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed Tax assessment against the Borrower or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any formal Tax sharing agreement. 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance . 
 (a) Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other United States federal or state Laws. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received an opinion letter or a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. The Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code has been made with respect to any Plan. 
 (b) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of the Threshold Amount, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability; (iii) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iv) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (v) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 

5.13 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests . 
 As of the Closing Date, the Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 . As of the Closing Date, the Borrower has no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 5.13 . 
 5.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . 
 (a) The Borrower is not engaged nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. 
 (b) None of the Borrower, any Person Controlling the Borrower, or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.15 Disclosure . 
 No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; it being understood that for purposes of this Section 5.15 , such reports, financial statements, certificates and other information shall not include any financial projections, budgets, forecasts, pro forma data and other forward looking statements Projections or any information of a general economic or general industry nature. All Projections provided by the Borrower have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time provided (it being understood that such Projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Borrower s control, and that the Projections are not a guarantee of financial performance which may differ and such differences may be material). As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws . 
 Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.17 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc . 
 The Borrower and its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without, to the knowledge of the Borrower, conflict (except for conflicts that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) with the rights of any other Person. To the knowledge of the Borrower, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary infringes upon any valid rights held by any other Person, except for conflicts that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.18 OFAC . 
 Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote compliance in all material respects with such laws. 
 5.19 No Affected Financial Institution. 
 The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Article VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent amounts not yet due), the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , and 6.03 cause each Subsidiary to: 
 6.01 Financial Statements . 
 Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event no later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent (commencing with the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018), a consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP in all material respects, such consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of KPMG or any other independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (except for qualifications resulting from the Obligations being classified as short term Indebtedness during the year prior to the applicable maturity date); and 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event no later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2018) and within 90 days of the end of the Borrower s fourth fiscal quarter, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in 

comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, such consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP in all material respects, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; and 
 (c) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 75 days after the beginning of each fiscal year of the Borrower, forecasts prepared by management of the Borrower of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis for such fiscal year (including the fiscal year in which the Maturity Date occurs). 
 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(d) , the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein. 
 6.02 Certificates; Other Information . 
 Deliver to the Administrative Agent (for further distribution to the Lenders), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: 
 (a) (i) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter (including the fourth fiscal quarter) a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the last day of such fiscal quarter and (ii) within 5 Business Days following any individual or series of related Dispositions (other than leases) of, or casualty or condemnation events with respect to, any Pledged Railcars having an aggregate book value on the books of the Borrower in excess of 1,000,000, an updated Borrowing Base Certificate after giving effect to such event; 
 (b) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending August 31, 2018), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (which delivery may, unless the Administrative Agent or a Lender requests an executed original, be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes); 
 (c) promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) (or the audit committee of the board of directors (or other comparable governing body)) of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them; 
 (d) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to all of the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file, if any, with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 
 (e) promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any material statement or material report furnished to any holder of debt securities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof pursuant 

to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01 or any other clause of this Section 6.02 ; 
 (f) promptly, and in any event within ten Business Days after receipt thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each material notice or other material correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof; 
 (g) promptly following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the PATRIOT Act, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation or other applicable anti-money laundering laws; and 
 (h) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 ; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that so long as the Borrower is the issuer of any outstanding debt or equity securities that are registered or issued pursuant to a private offering or is actively contemplating issuing any such securities (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 ); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion 

of the Platform designated as Public Side Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform that is not designated as Public Side Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC. 
 6.03 Notices . Promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default; 
 (b) of any matter that has resulted or is reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (c) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that has resulted or is reasonably expected to result in liability in excess of the Threshold Amount; and 
 (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 6.04 Payment of Tax Obligations . 
 Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, (a) unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary or (b) except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc . 
 (a) With respect to the Borrower, preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 ; (b) except for Immaterial Subsidiaries, take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) except for Immaterial Subsidiaries, preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties . 
 (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof; and (c) use the standard of care typical in the industry in the operation and maintenance of its material facilities, in each of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c) except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.07 Maintenance of Insurance . 
 (a) Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. The Administrative Agent and Lenders acknowledge and agree that the insurance set forth on Schedule 5.10 as of the Closing Date satisfies the requirements of this Section 6.07(a) as of the Closing Date. 
 (b) Cause the Administrative Agent to be named as lender loss payee or mortgagee, as its interest may appear, and/or additional insured with respect to any such insurance providing liability coverage or coverage in respect of any Collateral. All certificates of property and general liability insurance are to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, with the loss payable (but only in respect of Collateral) and additional insured endorsements in favor of the Administrative Agent and shall provide for not less than 30 days (10 days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation. 
 (c) So long as one or more of the following conditions is true (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) (A) the loss covered by such insurance involves a potential claim of less than 2,500,000 and (B) no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a)(i) , 8.01(a)(ii) , 8.01(f) or 8.01(g) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall have the sole right to file claims under any property and general liability insurance policies, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. Otherwise, the Administrative Agent shall have the sole right to file claims involving losses under any property and general liability insurance policies in respect of the Collateral, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws . 
 Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.09 Books and Records . 
 (a) Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP in all material respects consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 

6.10 Inspection Rights . 
 (a) Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent (who may be accompanied by the Lenders at the sole expense of such Lenders) to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its Responsible Officers, and independent public accountants, at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided , however , that excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuance of an Event of Default, none of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders may exercise rights under this Section 6.10(a) more often than two (2) times during any calendar year and only one (1) such visit by Administrative Agent (and no visits by any Lenders) shall be at the Borrower s expense; provided, further, that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent (or any of its respective representatives or independent contractors) (and any Lender may accompany Administrative Agent at its own expense) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Administrative Agent may conduct annual appraisals of the Borrower s rail car Collateral. Such appraisals shall be done at the expense of the Borrower (provided that Borrower shall only be responsible for the actual charges paid or incurred by Administrative Agent in connection with the performance of such appraisal) and shall be performed by an appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds . 
 Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes (including to finance leased railcars and to repay existing Indebtedness of the Borrower) not in contravention of any applicable Law or of any Loan Document. 
 6.12 Pledged Railcars . 
 (a) Cause its lease agreements, taken as a whole, to restrict the use of the Pledged Railcars in Mexico in such a manner that the aggregate net book value of all Pledged Railcars subject to leases that allow the lessees thereof predominate use of their leased Pledged Railcars in Mexico does not exceed an amount equal to 5 of the sum of (i) the Borrowing Base plus (ii) the Cash Collateral. The Borrower shall be entitled to cure any breach of this Section 6.12(a) by pledging additional railcars and/or providing additional Cash Collateral, in each case, within five Business Days following the Borrower becoming aware of such breach. 
 (b) Concurrently with the delivery of the Compliance Certificates required pursuant to Section 6.02(b) , deliver to the Administrative Agent a report identifying changes to the reporting marks (including the road numbers of any Pledged Railcars since the Closing Date (or, if later, the most recent such report delivered to the Administrative Agent). 
 (c) Not permit its leases with respect to the Pledged Railcars to prohibit the grant of a security interest or other collateral pledge in such leases to the Administrative Agent as Collateral to secure the Obligations. 
 (d) Not permit non-Pledged Railcars owned by the Borrower that are subject to the same lease as any Pledged Railcars to be pledged to secure any obligations other than the Obligations unless the holders of such other obligations (or their representative or agent) have executed and delivered an intercreditor agreement with the Administrative Agent (which shall be 

in form and substance substantially similar to the Intercreditor Agreement executed and delivered on the Closing Date or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) . 
 6.13 Pledged Assets . 
 Cause the Collateral to be subject at all times to first priority (except as otherwise provided in any Intercreditor Agreement), perfected Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent to secure the Obligations to the extent required by and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents, subject in any case to Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and (ii) deliver such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the foregoing, including, without limitation, appropriate UCC 1 financing statements, filings with the Surface Transportation Board of the United States, certified resolutions and other organizational and authorizing documents of such Person, favorable opinions of counsel (which shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to above and the perfection of the Administrative Agent s Liens thereunder) and other items as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall also pledge additional owned railcars as required by Section 2.06 . Anything in any Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding, any reference made to a first priority perfected Lien or security interest in any Loan Document (excluding any Intercreditor Agreement) shall be deemed to include any Collateral that is subject to security interests in favor of both the holders of the Obligations and the holders of Indebtedness under any Parent Credit Facility or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(p) , as applicable, and, pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement, such creditors have agreed that their respective security interests in such common Collateral shall have equal priority. 
 6.14 Anti-Corruption Laws . 
 Conduct its businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote compliance in all material respects with such laws. 
 Article VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent amounts not yet due), the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 
 7.01 Liens . 
 Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following: 
 (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document; 
 (b) Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not increased other than after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into such property and proceeds and products of such property, (ii) the principal amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased (except by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on the obligations secured thereby, and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid in connection with such refinancing or extension, fees and expenses reasonably incurred in connection therewith, and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder), (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto 

is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 7.03(b) ; 
 (c) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments and other governmental charges and levies (i) which are not individually, or in the aggregate, in excess of 1,000,000, (ii) which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or (iii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; 
 (d) landlords , carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business (i) which are not individually, or in the aggregate, in excess of 1,000,000, (ii) which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or (iii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person; 
 (e) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA or applicable Environmental Law; 
 (f) (i) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than in connection with the borrowing of money), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, and/or (ii) Liens on rail cars (the transferred rail cars or other personal property transferred personal property that are transferred to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by customers as consideration for the future delivery by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to such customer of (1) existing rail car assets or other existing assets, (2) to-be-refurbished rail car assets or other to-be-refurbished assets or (3) to-be-constructed rail car assets or other to-be-constructed assets, so long as in either case (x) no Default exists or would result from the creation of such Liens, (y) such Liens (A) secure only the performance obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to deliver the assets described in items (1), (2) or (3) of this clause (f) to such customer, (B) extend to no property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries other than the transferred rail cars or other transferred personal property, (C) are released upon completion of performance by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (z) the transferred rail cars or other transferred personal property shall not be included in the Borrowing Base while they are subject to such Liens; 
 (g) any zoning restrictions, easements, rights-of-way, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and title defects affecting real property which, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person, or the use of the property for the intended purpose; 
 (h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) ; 
 (i) Liens (other than Liens on the Pledged Railcars or, unless such shared Collateral is contemplated by and subject to an Intercreditor Agreement, any other Collateral) securing (i) Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(p) and (ii) any Swap Contracts relating thereto; 
 (j) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(e) ; provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness or the proceeds thereof and (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition (other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith); provided, further, that 

individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross-collateralized to other individual financings of equipment provided by such lender. 
 (k) Liens on assets of Foreign Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(f) ; 
 (l) Liens in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with such banking or other financial institution (including the right of set off) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry; 
 (m) any right of a licensor under any license agreement for the use of intellectual property or other intangible assets as to which the Borrower or such Subsidiary is the licensee; 
 (n) any leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others (i) in the ordinary course of business not interfering in any material respect, alone or in the aggregate, with the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) permitted pursuant to Section 7.05 ; 
 (o) Liens in favor of owners or purchasers of goods (including materials and/or components used in connection with the manufacture thereof) being manufactured or serviced in the ordinary course of business; provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the goods being manufactured or serviced (and such owned or purchased materials and/or components used in connection with the manufacture or service thereof) for such purchaser or owner, (ii) such purchaser or owner shall have paid for the materials being used to manufacture or service such goods through the making of progress payments or similar advances and (iii) such goods are excluded from the Borrowing Base; 
 (p) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investments permitted under Section 7.02 or Dispositions permitted under Section 7.05 ; 
 (q) deposits in the ordinary course to secure liability insurance carriers and Liens on premium refunds and insurance proceeds securing the financing of insurance premiums permitted hereunder; 
 (r) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(m) on property of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided , that such Liens were not created in contemplation of such merger, consolidation or Investment and do not extend to any assets other than those of the Person merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or such Subsidiary or acquired by the Borrower or such Subsidiary; 
 (s) customary negative pledges on assets being sold or Disposed of, including customary restrictions on distributions by a Subsidiary of the Borrower to be sold, pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests or assets of such Subsidiary; provided , that such Disposition is permitted by Section 7.05 ; 
 (t) Liens on cash and cash equivalents deposited with a third-party trustee that arise in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; 
 (u) Liens in favor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(i) , other than any such Liens on assets of Borrower; 

(v) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 
 (w) Liens on assets leased to the Borrower or any Subsidiary under operating leases (including Liens on any subleases of such assets by the Borrower or such Subsidiary to third parties), which Liens (i) are granted in favor of the lessor with respect to the lease granting the Borrower or such Subsidiary rights in such assets as the lessee and (ii) secure the Borrower s or such Subsidiary s obligations to the lessor under such lease; 
 (x) Liens (other than Liens on the Pledged Railcars or, unless such shared Collateral is contemplated by and subject to an Intercreditor Agreement, any other Collateral) that secure any liability, obligation or Indebtedness in connection with any Parent Credit Facility or any Guarantee thereof; 
 (y) Liens (other than Liens on the Pledged Railcars or, unless such shared Collateral is contemplated by and subject to an Intercreditor Agreement, any other Collateral) securing (i) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(o) and/or (ii) obligations, liabilities or Indebtedness in respect of Swap Contracts and/or Treasury Management Services of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that are party to the Parent Credit Facility; and 
 (z) Liens not otherwise permitted under this Section 7.01 , provided that the obligations secured thereby shall not exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding. 
 The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower shall not be permitted to grant a Lien on the Pledged Railcars or any other Collateral to secure any Indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations under or in respect of or secured by the Parent Credit Facility, except, in the case of Collateral (other than Pledged Railcars), to the extent such shared Collateral is contemplated by and is the subject of an Intercreditor Agreement with the holders of such Indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations. 
 
 7.02 Investments . 
 Make or permit to exist any Investments, except: 
 
 (a) Investments held by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the form of cash equivalents or other investments permitted under the Borrower s cash investment policy as approved by the Borrower s board of directors, members, managers or equivalent governing body; 
 (b) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower and Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes; 
 (c) Investments (i) in the Parent and its Domestic Subsidiaries, (ii) in any Foreign Subsidiary of the Parent in an aggregate amount, when combined with the aggregate amount of Dispositions made pursuant to Section 7.05(d)(ii) during such fiscal year, not to exceed 10,000,000 in any fiscal year, and (iii) by any Foreign Subsidiary of the Parent or in any of its Subsidiaries; 
 (d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss; 
 (e) other Investments not exceeding 15,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of the Borrower; 

(f) Investments in any Person for the purpose of acquiring, managing, marketing, remarketing, leasing and/or selling rail cars in an aggregate amount for all Investments made pursuant to this clause f not to exceed 30,000,000 at any time outstanding; 
 (g) Investments resulting from entering into Treasury Management Services (or Guarantees thereof for Treasury Management Services of the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries that are party to the Parent Credit Facility); 
 (h) Permitted Acquisitions, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Investment in any Subsidiary in an amount required to permit such Subsidiary to consummate a Permitted Acquisition, which amount is actually applied by such Subsidiary to consummate such Permitted Acquisition substantially concurrently with the making of such Investment; 
 (i) to the extent constituting Investments, (i) the creation of Liens, the incurrence of any Guarantee, the making of fundamental changes and the consummation of Dispositions permitted under Sections 7.01 , 7.03 , 7 .04 and 7.05 , respectively and (ii) the making of Restricted Payments; 
 (j) Swap Contracts permitted by Section 7.03(c) ; 
 (k) Investments held by a Person acquired in a Permitted Acquisition to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence on the date of such Permitted Acquisition; and 
 (l) Investments existing or contemplated on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.02 (and any extensions, modifications or renewals thereof provided that the amount of the original Investment is not increased except as otherwise permitted by this Section 7.02 ). 
 7.03 Indebtedness . 
 Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: 
 (a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents; 
 (b) Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.03 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing, by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on such Indebtedness, and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder; 
 (c) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing or arising under any Swap Contract (or under any Guarantee of any Swap Contract of the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent party to the Parent Credit Facility), provided that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person (or Parent or such Subsidiary of the Parent, as applicable) in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person (or Parent or such Subsidiary of the Parent, as applicable), or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view; and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party; 
 (d) Guarantees in respect of any Parent Credit Facility; 

(e) capital leases (including sale-leaseback transactions) or purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets, within the limitations set forth in Section 7.01(j) , and in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25,000,000 at any one time outstanding, and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on such Indebtedness and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing; 
 (f) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (g) earn-out obligations incurred in respect of Permitted Acquisitions; 
 (h) Guarantees given by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of (i) any Indebtedness of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and/or (ii) other Indebtedness that is otherwise permitted under this Section 7.03 ; 
 (i) intercompany Indebtedness resulting from loans and advances permitted by Section 7.02 ; 
 (j) obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees or obligations in respect of letters of credit related thereto provided by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 
 (k) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five Business Days of its incurrence; 
 (l) Indebtedness incurred in favor of insurance companies (or their financing affiliates) in connection with the financing of insurance premiums; provided, that the total of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed the aggregate amount of such unpaid insurance premiums; 
 (m) Indebtedness of a Person of the type described in Section 7.03(e) existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower; which Indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of such merger, consolidation or Investment and is non-recourse to the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than such Person, and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property securing such Indebtedness is not increased, (ii) the principal amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest on such Indebtedness and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect to such Indebtedness is not changed; 
 (n) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent the net proceeds thereof are promptly deposited to defease or satisfy and discharge any other Indebtedness of such obligor not prohibited by this Section 7.03 ; provided that: (i) the amount of such new Indebtedness does not exceed the outstanding amount of the Indebtedness to be defeased or satisfied and discharged except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such defeasance or satisfaction and discharge, (ii) the terms relating to principal amount, amortization, maturity, 

collateral (if any) and subordination (if any), and other material terms taken as a whole, of any such new Indebtedness are no less favorable in any material respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the Lenders than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Indebtedness being defeased or satisfied and discharged and the interest rate applicable to any such new Indebtedness does not exceed the then applicable market interest rate and (iii) upon such defeasance, discharge or satisfaction, such new Indebtedness must otherwise be permitted under another subsection of this Section 7.03 and shall thereafter not be permitted under this subsection (n); 
 (o) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations in respect of Treasury Management Services provided to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business (and Guarantees thereof for Treasury Management Services of the Parent and any Subsidiary of the Parent party to the Parent Credit Facility); 
 (p) term loan Indebtedness, debt securities, or other long term Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed (together with the outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Loans) 250,000,000; and 
 (q) other Indebtedness, on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 25,000,000 at any one time outstanding; provided that if such Indebtedness is secured, the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness incurred in reliance on this clause (q) that is secured shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any one time outstanding. 
 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes . 
 Merge, dissolve, divide, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom: 
 (a) (i) any Subsidiary may merge with (y) the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (z) any one or more other Subsidiaries or (ii) the Borrower or any Subsidiary may merge with any Person in order to effect any Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 , provided that (1) if the Borrower is a party to such transaction, the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (2) if a Subsidiary is a party to such transaction, a Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving Person; and 
 (b) the Borrower may merge or consolidate with another corporation or entity which merger or consolidation merely effects the form or domicile of the Borrower without changing the respective holdings of Equity Interests in the Borrower (or in the surviving entity) by equity holders and pursuant to which all obligations of the Borrower in respect of this Agreement are and remain obligations of the surviving; provided that the surviving entity shall be organized under the laws of a political subdivision of the United States; 
 (c) any Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation, dissolution or otherwise) to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary; and 
 (d) any Subsidiary may divide. 
 7.05 Dispositions . 
 Make any Disposition, except: 

(a) Dispositions of obsolete , damaged, destroyed or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business; 
 (b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business or equipment on or held for lease in the ordinary course of business, including sales, leases or exchanges of such assets; 
 (c) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; 
 (d) Dispositions of property to (i) the Parent or any wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Parent and (ii) to any Foreign Subsidiary of the Parent in an aggregate amount, when combined with the aggregate amount of Investments made pursuant to Section 7.02(c)(ii) during such fiscal year, not to exceed 10,000,000 in any fiscal year; 
 (e) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.04 ; 
 (f) Dispositions of lease assets in lease securitization, structured finance or syndication transactions, provided that the Borrower remains in compliance with its limitations under the Borrowing Base and all other terms and conditions of this Agreement; 
 (g) Dispositions pursuant to any sale-leaseback transactions under Section 7.03(e) ; 
 (h) sales or other Dispositions of assets having a fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in its reasonable discretion) of less than 10,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement; 
 (i) Dispositions of cash equivalents in the ordinary course of business; 
 (j) leases or subleases of property, including real property, in each case in the ordinary course of business not materially interfering with the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
 (k) licenses for the use of intellectual property of the Borrower or a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of the Borrower s or such Subsidiary s business; 
 (l) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business; 
 (m) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or other litigation claims in the ordinary course of business; 
 (n) to the extent constituting a Disposition, (i) Restricted Payments and (ii) Liens, Investments and fundamental changes permitted by Sections 7.01 , 7.02 and 7.04 , respectively; 
 (o) casualty events or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceedings of, any property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 
 (p) Dispositions of Investments in, and issuances of any Equity Interests in, joint ventures to the extent required by or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements; and 

(q) the assignment, cancellation, abandonment or other Disposition of (i) intellectual property or (ii) real property leases or licenses, that is, in the good faith judgment of Borrower, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the conduct of the business of Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
 
 provided , however , that (i) any Disposition pursuant to clauses (c), (f) or (g) shall be for fair market value and (ii) if a Disposition involves Pledged Railcars (other than a lease thereof), the Borrower shall, if required by Section 6.02(a) , deliver an updated Borrowing Base Certificate and shall comply with Section 2.06 . 
 7.06 Change in Nature of Business . 
 Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date, except for any reasonable extensions or expansions thereof or any business substantially related or incidental thereto. 
 7.07 Transactions with Affiliates . 
 Other than (a) transactions not prohibited by this Agreement, (b) payment of reasonable directors fees, (c) any issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower to Affiliates of the Borrower and (d) any employment, consulting, service or termination agreement or reasonable and customary indemnification arrangements, entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with directors, officers and employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and the payment of compensation to directors, officers and employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including amounts paid pursuant to employee benefit plans, employee stock option or similar plans), enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate. 
 7.08 Burdensome Agreements . 
 Enter into any Contractual Obligation that (a) limits the ability of any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or to otherwise transfer property to the Borrower, (b) limits the ability of the Borrower to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on the Collateral to secure the Obligations or (c) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien on the Collateral is granted to secure the Obligations, except : 
 (i) Contractual Obligations in existence as of the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 7.08 ; 
 (ii) any Parent Credit Facility so long as the encumbrances and restrictions are not materially more restrictive than those set forth in the Parent Credit Facility (as in effect on the Closing Date); 
 (iii) this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 
 (iv) in the case of subclause (a), any instrument governing Indebtedness or Equity Interests of a Person and its Subsidiaries acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as in effect at the time of such acquisition (except to the extent such Indebtedness was incurred in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition), which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than the Person and its Subsidiaries, or the property or assets of the 

Person and its Subsidiaries, so acquired, provided that, in the case of Indebtedness, such Indebtedness was permitted by Section 7.03 ; 
 (v) customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease, contract, or license of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or customary provisions in agreements that restrict the assignment of such agreement or any rights thereunder; 
 (vi) any agreement for the sale or other Disposition of assets, including customary restrictions on distributions by a Subsidiary of the Borrower to be sold, pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests or assets of such Subsidiary; provided , that such Disposition was permitted by Section 7.05 ; 
 (vii) in the case of subclause (a), any instrument or agreements governing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(f) , which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than the Foreign Subsidiaries obligated in respect of such Indebtedness; 
 (viii) restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (ix) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to Joint Ventures permitted under Section 7.02 and applicable solely to such Joint Venture and are entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (x) any agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred subsequent to the Closing Date pursuant to Section 7.03 if the encumbrances and restrictions are not materially more restrictive than those set forth in the Parent Credit Facility (as in effect on the Closing Date) or any Loan Document and do not otherwise materially impair the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement; 
 (xi) any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(e) , 7.03(m) or 7.03(p) solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness and such negative pledge does not apply to Pledged Railcars; and 
 (xii) negative pledges in favor of holders of Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03 that limit the right of the debtor to dispose of or encumber the assets financed with such Indebtedness. 
 7.09 Use of Proceeds . 
 Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 7.10 Financial Covenants . 
 Beginning with the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2018: 
 (a) Consolidated Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be less than 2.00 to 1.00. 

(b) Consolidated Capitalization Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Capitalization Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be greater than 0.60 to 1.00. 
 For purposes of the financial ratio calculations in this Section 7.10 , no earnings or losses of any Managed Person shall be included. 
 7.11 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws . 
 Directly or indirectly, use any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such Loan or the proceeds of any Loan to any Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, or otherwise) of Sanctions. Directly or indirectly use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 or other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Article VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01 Events of Default . 
 Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, and in the currency required hereunder, any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within three days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within ten days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in (i) Section 6.01 , which failure continues for more than five (5) Business Days after the date specified for performance or compliance with such term or condition or (ii) any of Section 6.02 , 6.03 , 6.05(a) , 6.10 , 6.11 , 6.12 or 6.13 or Article VII , other than pursuant to Sections 7.02 and 7.03 ; or 
 (c) Other Defaults . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date upon which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knew of such failure and (ii) the date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent; or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 
 (e) Cross-Default . (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an 

aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any Indebtedness or Guarantee having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or (iii) the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default , or equivalent term (as defined in the Parent Credit Facility); or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
 (g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate 

fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or 
 (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder, as in accordance with the terms of such Loan Document or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or the Borrower denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or 
 (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control. 
 Solely for purposes of determining whether an Event of Default has occurred under Section 8.01(f) or 8.01(g) , it is understood and agreed that all Immaterial Subsidiaries affected by the applicable event or circumstance shall be considered together, as a single consolidated Person, for purposes of determining whether an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or 8.01(g) has occurred. 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . 
 If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 
 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; and 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; and 
 (c) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents and applicable law or equity; 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States (or other applicable Debtor Relief Law), the obligation of each Lender to make Loans shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 8.03 Application of Funds . 
 After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be (subject to the provisions of Section 2.16 applied in the following order: 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may 

be employees of any Lender) and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and fees, premiums and scheduled periodic payments, and any interest accrued thereon, due under any Secured Hedge Agreement between the Borrower and any Hedge Bank, ratably among the Lenders (and, in the case of such Secured Hedge Agreements, Hedge Banks) in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third held by them; 
 Fourth , (a) payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, (b) payment of breakage, termination or other payments, and any interest accrued thereon, due under any Secured Hedge Agreement between the Borrower and any Hedge Bank, ratably among the Lenders (and, in the case of such Secured Hedge Agreements, Hedge Banks) in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received a Secured Party Designation Notice, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Hedge Bank. Each Hedge Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. 
 Article IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority . 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including Intercreditor Agreements) and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article (other than Sections 9.06 and 9.10 are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender and a potential Hedge Bank) hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X 

(including Section 10.04(c) , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender . 
 The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice to or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto. 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent and its Related Parties: 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 
 (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable to any Lender for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. Any such action taken or failure to act pursuant to the foregoing shall be binding on all Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or 

representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Loan Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, communication, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall be fully protected in relying, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties . 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than 

during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.07 and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including (A) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the holders of the Obligations and (B) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . 
 Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under 

or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc . 
 Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the documentation agents, co-agents, syndication agents, bookrunners or arrangers listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding . 
 In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations arising under the Loan Documents that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 , 2.10 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 The holders of the Obligations hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar Laws in any other jurisdictions to which the Borrower is subject, (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the holders thereof shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with 

respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (A) to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, and B to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a) through (f of Section 1 0 .01 and (ii) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Lender or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. 
 9.10 Collateral . 
 Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge Bank) irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, 
 (a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) arising under the Loan Documents, (ii) that is transferred or to be transferred as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) with respect to any Cash Collateral, so long as the Borrower is in compliance with the Borrowing Base Ratio, (iv) that is owned by a Person other than the Borrower or (v) subject to Section 10.01 , if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; and 
 (b) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (ii) of Section 7.01(f) or Section 7.01(j) . 
 Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by the Borrower in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 9.11 Secured Hedge Agreements . 
 No Hedge Bank that obtains the benefit of Section 8.03 or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, 

waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or any Collateral Document) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements except to the extent expressly provided herein and unless the Administrative Agent has received a Secured Party Designation Notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Hedge Bank . The Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements in the case of the termination of the Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) arising under the Loan Documents. 
 9.12 ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) subclause (i) in the immediately preceding subsection (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with subclause (iv) in the immediately preceding subsection (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, 

to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent or the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 9.13 Recovery of Erroneous Payments . 
 Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. Each Lender irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Credit Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 
 Article X MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc . 
 (a) Except as provided in subsection (b) below, n o amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
 (i) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender; 
 (ii) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 
 (iii) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (y) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01(a) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (A) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate or (B) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or 

any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or to reduce any fee payable hereunder; 
 (iv) change Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; 
 (v) change the definition of Required Lenders or change any provision of this Section 10.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; or 
 (vi) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions without the written consent of each Lender whose Obligations are secured by such Collateral; 
 and, provided further , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary: (i) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may jointly amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure or correct administrative errors or omissions, any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or to effect administrative changes, and such amendment shall become effective without any further consent of any other party to such Loan Document so long as (A) such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or other holder of Obligations in any material respect and (B) the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment, (ii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement as contemplated by Section 3.03 . 
 
 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
 (i) if to the Borrower, or the Administrative Agent, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 ; and 

(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public inform ation relating to the Borrower) . 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY (AS DEFINED BELOW) IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the 

Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 (d) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities Laws. 
 (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement . 
 No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including the imposition of the Default Rate) preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Borrower shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.14 ), or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant 

to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.14 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, enforcement and collection, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent), and shall pay all fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any collection, enforcement, workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans; provided that pursuant to this clause (a), the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse such fees, charges and disbursements of more than one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders, taken as a whole, and if necessary, one special counsel and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, unless the representation of one or more Lenders by such counsel would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, in which case, upon prior written notice to the Borrower, the Borrower shall also be required to reimburse the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one additional counsel to such affected Lenders in each relevant jurisdiction. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arranger, and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses of counsel, to the fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel to the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and if reasonably necessary, one special counsel and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, to the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, unless the representation of one or more Indemnitees by such counsel would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, in which case, upon prior written notice to the Borrower, the Borrower shall also be required to reimburse the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one additional counsel to such affected Indemnitees in each relevant jurisdiction), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Borrower) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the Indemnitee s reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability 

related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence , bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or any of its Related Indemnified Parties) , (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower against an Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) any dispute solely among the Indemnitees other than any claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as Administrative Agent or Arranger or any similar role under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and other than any claims arising out of any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c) , this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.13(d) . 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of the Borrower, any agent nor any Lender shall assert, and each hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any other party hereto (or any Indemnitee or the Borrower), on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof (other than in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee to a third party and to which such Indemnitee is otherwise entitled to indemnification as provided above). No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor together with customary invoice supporting reimbursement or payment. 
 (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 

10.05 Payments Set Aside . 
 To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 (A) In the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the related Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal 

outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be un reasonably withheld or delayed) . 
 (ii) Proportional Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or Commitment assigned; 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 
 (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of any Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender. 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
 (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and 

interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment); provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for Tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person), a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such 

agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section 10.01(a) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation woul d have been entitled to receive unless the sale of such participation is made with the Borrower s prior written consent . Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender , provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.14 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note(s), if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality . 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and to its and its Affiliates Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as, or at least as restrictive as, those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of 

or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to become a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15 or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its Related Parties) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with t he consent of the Borrower or (i to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments and the Loans. 
 For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. 
 10.08 Right of Setoff . 
 If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or its respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or such Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch or office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 10.10 Integration; Effectiveness . 
 This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Article IV , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties . 
 All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 
 10.12 Severability . 
 If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . 
 If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , (b) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , (c) any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 (which has not been revoked), (d) 

any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender or (e) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and th e related Loan Documents to an Eligible A ssignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible A ssignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that : 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) ; 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and 
 (e) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent; 
 provided that the failure by such Lender to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption shall not impair the validity of the removal of such Lender and the mandatory assignment of such Lender s Commitments and outstanding Loans pursuant to this Section 10.13 shall nevertheless be effective without the execution by such Lender of an Assignment and Assumption. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided , further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.13 to the contrary, the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06 . 
 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc . 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING 

OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 10.16 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . 
 Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 10.17 Statutory Notice . 
 Under Oregon law, most agreements, promises and commitments made by the lenders concerning loans and other credit extensions which are not for personal, family or household purposes or secured solely by the borrower s residence must be in writing, express consideration and be signed by the lenders to be enforceable . 
 10.18 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . 
 In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and each Lender each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the 

Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower and its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, the Bo rrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and each Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 10.19 Electronic Execution . 
 (a) This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent, is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and/or any Lender without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature, and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

(c) The Borrower , the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s or any Lender reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 10.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 
 Solely to the extent any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

10.21 Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs . 
 To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the 

same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 10.23 , the following terms have the following meanings: 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES INTENIONALLY OMITTED] 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 gbx-ex211_9.htm
 EX-21.1

gbx-ex211_9.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 As of August 31, 2021 

Name 

State of Incorporation 

Names Under Which Does Business (if other than registered name) 

Alliance Castings Company, LLC 

DE 

Amsted-Maxion Fundi o E Equipamentos Ferrovi rios S.A. 

Brazil 

Apromat S.A. 

Romania 

ARI Component Venture LLC 

DE 

Astra Rail Industries S.A. 

Romania 

Astra Rail Project s.r.o. 

Slovak Republic 

Autostack Company LLC 

OR 

Axis, LLC 

DE 

Axis Operating Company LLC 

DE 

Castings LLC 

DE 

GBX Leasing, LLC 

DE 

GBXL I (Canada) Ltd. 

Canada 

GBXL I, LLC 

DE 

GBXL Holdings, LLC 

DE 

GBSummit, LLC 

DE 

GGSynergy, S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

Greenbrier-Astra Rail B.V. 

Netherlands 

Greenbrier Central, LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier GIMSA, LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier do Brasil Participa es Ltda. 

Brazil 

Greenbrier Europe B.V. 

Netherlands 

Greenbrier Europe Holdings, B.V. 

Netherlands 

Greenbrier Germany GmbH 

Germany 

Greenbrier Industries, S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

Greenbrier International Holdings II, LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Intermodal 

Greenbrier Leasing Limited 

Nova Scotia, Canada 

Greenbrier Leasing Limited Partner, LLC 

DE 

Greenbrier Leasing, L.P. 

DE 

Greenbrier Management Services, LLC 

DE 

CIT Rail Services 

Greenbrier Maxion Equipamentos e Servi os Ferrovi rios S.A. 

Brazil 

Greenbrier Maxion Funding I Ltda. 

Brazil 

Greenbrier MUL Holdings I LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Omaha LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Rail Holdings I, LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Rail Holdings II, LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Rail Holdings III, LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Rail Services Holdings, LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Rail Services-Tierra Blanca S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

Greenbrier Railcar Funding I LLC 

DE 

Greenbrier Railcar Leasing, Inc. 

WA 

Greenbrier Railcar LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Railcar Sales Repair and Maintenance L.L.C. 

UAE 

Greenbrier S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

Greenbrier Tank Components, LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier Union Holdings I LLC 

OR 

Greenbrier-Concarril, LLC 

DE 

Gunderson GIMSA S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

Gunderson LLC 

OR 

Gunderson Marine LLC 

OR 

Gunderson Rail Services LLC 

OR 

American Hydraulics 
 GMO Parts 
 Greenbrier Rail Services 
 YSD Industries 
 Greenbrier Castings 

Gunderson Specialty Products, LLC 

DE 

Gunderson-Concarril S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

I.C.P.V. S.A. 

Romania 

Meridian Rail Acquisition Corp. 

OR 

Greenbrier Rail Services 

Meridian Rail Holdings Corp. 

OR 

Meridian Rail Mexico City Corp. 

OR 

Mexico MeridianRail Services, S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

MUL Greenbrier Management Services, LLC 

DE 

Ohio Castings Company, LLC 

DE 

Rayvag Vagon Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S. 

Turkey 

Southwest Steel Casting Company, LLC 

TX 

Southwest Steel Property LLC 

DE 

WagonySwidnica sp. z o.o. 

Poland 

YSD Doors, S.A. de C.V 

Mexico 

Zaklad Transportu Kolejowego SIARKOPOL sp. z o.o. 

Poland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 gbx-ex231_6.htm
 EX-23.1

gbx-ex231_6.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-187887, 333-195058, 333-223315, and 333-251916) on Form S-8 of our reports dated October 26, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Portland, Oregon October 26, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 gbx-ex311_10.htm
 EX-31.1

gbx-ex311_10.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, William A. Furman, certify that: 

1 . 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Greenbrier Companies for the annual period ended August 31, 2021; 

2 . 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 October 26, 2021 

/s/ William A. Furman 

William A. Furman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 gbx-ex312_11.htm
 EX-31.2

gbx-ex312_11.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS (cont d) 
 I, Adrian J. Downes, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Greenbrier Companies for the annual period ended August 31, 2021; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 October 26, 2021 

/s/ Adrian J. Downes 

Adrian J. Downes 

Senior Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 gbx-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

gbx-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the annual period ended August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date therein specified (the Report), I, William A. Furman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 Date: October 26, 2021 

/s/ William A. Furman 

William A. Furman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 gbx-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

gbx-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the annual period ended August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date therein specified (the Report), I, Adrian J. Downes, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 Date: October 26, 2021 

/s/ Adrian J. Downes 

Adrian J. Downes 

Senior Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 gbx-20210831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 gbx-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 gbx-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 gbx-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 gbx-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

