<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211008_10-K_edgar_data_1481028_0001213900-21-052059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5069329</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175498</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>908932</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1238460</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1326702</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1282699</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-052059.hdr.sgml : 20211008
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211008161354
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-052059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211008
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211008

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUNHYDROGEN, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001481028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54437
		FILM NUMBER:		211315449

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 E. YANONALI, SUITE 36
		CITY:			SANTA BARBARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-966-6566

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 E. YANONALI, SUITE 36
		CITY:			SANTA BARBARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hypersolar, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-052059.txt : 20211008

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_sunhydrogen.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2021 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO __________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER:

(Name of registrant in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

(Address of principal
executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Issuer s telephone
Number: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered
pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: common stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market
value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the last sale price of the common stock of the Company
as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . 

The number of shares of registrant s
common stock outstanding, as of October 8, 2021 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 11 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved.] 
 13 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 16 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 16 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 16 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 16 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 17 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 17 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 18 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 20 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 22 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 23 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 

SIGNATURES 
 26 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Unless
otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, references in this annual report on Form 10-K to SunHydrogen , the Company ,
 we , us , or our refer to SunHydrogen, Inc. 

Overview 

At
SunHydrogen, our goal is to replace fossil fuels with clean, renewable hydrogen. 

Hydrogen
is the most abundant chemical element in the universe. When hydrogen fuel is used to power transportation and industry, the only byproduct
left behind is pure water, unlike hydrocarbon fuels such as oil, coal and natural gas that release carbon dioxide and other contaminants
into the atmosphere when used. However, naturally occurring elemental hydrogen is rare so rare, in fact, that today over 95 of
hydrogen still comes from methane, a fossil fuel (Source: Forbes, Estimating the Carbon Footprint of Hydrogen Production ). This
hydrogen is procured through steam methane reforming (SMR), a capital-intensive process that emits carbon dioxide and other harmful pollutants. 

The SunHydrogen solution offers an efficient and
cost-effective way to produce truly green hydrogen using sunlight and any source of water. Our core technology is a self-contained, nanoparticle-based
hydrogen generator that mimics photosynthesis to split water molecules, resulting in hydrogen. By optimizing the science of water electrolysis
at the nano-level, we believe we have developed a low-cost method to potentially produce environmentally friendly renewable hydrogen. 

We believe renewable hydrogen is the fuel of the
future, and we believe our technology potentially offers solutions to the challenges that the hydrogen future presents, including cost
of production and transportation. 

Because our process only requires sunlight and
water, our technology can be installed near the point of hydrogen use. This eliminates the need for pipelines and trucks that result in
high carbon emissions and high capital investment. With a target cost of 2.50/kg., we aspire for our technology to be cost-competitive
with brown hydrogen and below the cost of clean hydrogen competitors. We believe our solution has the potential to clear a path for green
hydrogen to compete with natural gas hydrogen and gain mass market acceptance as a true replacement for fossil fuels. 

Our technology is primarily developed at the University
of Iowa, through a sponsored research agreement. A longtime development partner to SunHydrogen, The University of Iowa research team has
worked over the past several years to both lead and optimize the scale-up of our nanoparticle technology. 

In 2021, we made strides toward the commercialization
of our nanoparticle technology and entered agreements with two new technology development partners; InRedox in Longmont, Colorado and
SCHMID Group in Freudenstadt, Germany. 

Under our agreement with InRedox, they support
the design and production of essential materials for our nanoparticle technology. 

Concurrently,
SCHMID has worked to develop the process and equipment to manufacture and scale up our nanoparticle technology. 

In 2021, we also successfully completed production
of 100 demonstration units of our Gen 1 technology, and added a Chief Operating Officer, Woosuk Kim, a seasoned senior operations executive
with global business management and financial market expertise spanning the U.S. and Wall Street, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. 

1 

We will continue working diligently with our existing
technology partners to drive our technology to commercialization while we simultaneously prepare for mass production and seek out potential
manufacturing partners for production facility, equipment design and engineering. 

Market Opportunity 

The global hydrogen market
is large and growing rapidly. Current fossil fuels can t sustain future energy requirements environmentally or economically, and
hydrogen fuel technologies are being adopted across all sectors as the world moves toward renewable alternatives. 

Over 110 countries have set
goals to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050, and as governments look to clean energy sources to help them meet their targets, hydrogen
is emerging as a promising solution (Source: United Nations, The race to zero emissions, and why the world depends on it) . It is
estimated that nearly 25 of global energy will come from clean hydrogen alone by 2050, which could bring in a projected 2.5 trillion
in annual revenues (Source: Bank of America Securities, New Energy Behind Green Hydrogen). 

In the US, California is leading
the way in hydrogen strategies, with more fuel cell passenger vehicles on the road than any other state and one of the largest hydrogen
refueling station networks in the world (Source: Sierra Nevada Ally, Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles are Building Momentum in California) .
Globally, over 320 green hydrogen production demonstration projects have been announced, and governments around the world have put forth
ambitious strategies to utilize hydrogen and fuel cell technologies across all sectors of the economy including transportation, feedstock
and industrial heat use (Source: International Energy Agency, Hydrogen Projects Database) . 

By 2050, the hydrogen market
is expected to increase tenfold compared to where it stands today (Source: The Hydrogen Council, Hydrogen, scaling up) . 

Existing Market Growth 

According
to a Grand View Research study released in March 2021, the global hydrogen generation
market size was valued at 120.7 billion in 2020 and is expected to expand at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.7 from 2021 to
2028. This places the market s projected value at 184 billion in 2028. 

Among
the factors driving the global hydrogen generation market size are regulations intended to reduce sulfur content and measures to reduce
the carbon footprint. U.S. federal and state governments have adopted various programs, including the Tier 3 program, to reduce the sulfur
content in gasoline, motor oil and diesel. 

Growing
demand for petroleum products from developing countries is also anticipated to drive the hydrogen generation market in the coming years.
Hydrogen is used in various refining processes including hydrocracking and hydrodesulfurization to crack bigger molecules into lighter
ones and produce more usable products. 

We believe increasing demand for clean fuel energy will be
affected by: 

Stringent government regulation toward desulphurization of petroleum products 

Deteriorating crude oil quality; and 

Transportation and storage issues 

Therefore, we believe our
renewable hydrogen-producing technology possesses significant early market opportunity, especially as innovation and infrastructure continue
to develop. 

2 

Utility Scale Hydrogen Electricity 

According to a March 2013
report from NREL, a national laboratory of the U.S. Department of Energy, hydrogen can be blended into existing natural gas pipeline networks,
thus bypassing the high cost of dedicated hydrogen pipelines to use hydrogen at a large scale. If implemented with relatively low concentrations,
less than 5 15 hydrogen by volume, this strategy of storing and delivering renewable hydrogen to markets appears to be viable
without significantly increasing risks associated with utilization of the gas blend in end-use devices (such as household appliances),
overall public safety, or the durability and integrity of the existing natural gas pipeline network (Source: NREL, Blending Hydrogen
into Natural Gas Pipeline Networks: A review of Key Issues) . 

Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles 

The auto manufacturing and
vehicle industries are among the most recognized applications for hydrogen fuel technologies. According to a 2021 study by Information
Trends, over 27,500 hydrogen fuel cell vehicles had been sold by year-end 2020 since their sales first began. Sales were held back due
to the lack of a solid hydrogen refueling infrastructure, but the numbers are projected to rise quickly, and fuel cell vehicles are gaining
momentum around the world. In the same study, Information Trends projected that close to 600,000 hydrogen fuel cell buses and minibuses
will be in service by 2035 (Source: Information Trends, Global Market for Hydrogen Fuel Cell Buses). In California, executives
from 25 multinational companies including Toyota, Hyundai, BMW, Chevron and other key players have called on Governor Gavin Newsom to
heavily invest in hydrogen infrastructure in the state (Source: Ways2H, Executives Pen Letter to Newsom Calling for Major Investments
in Hydrogen Infrastructure). Stories and projections like these suggest a promising future for fuel cell vehicles. 

Our Technology 

Technology for
Making Renewable Hydrogen from Sunlight and Water 

Powered by
solar energy, billions of our microscopic nanoparticles split apart water at the molecular level, extracting hydrogen for use as a clean
energy source and leaving behind only clean oxygen as a byproduct. This process is similar to what happens inside a plant cell during
photosynthesis: Each Photoelectrochemically Active Heterostructures (or PAH) nanoparticle is a microscopic machine, composed of multiple
layers enabling the solar electrolysis reaction to take place. 

Water Splitting 

In
the process of splitting a water molecule, input energy is transferred into the chemical bonds. Essentially, manufactured hydrogen serves
as a carrier or battery-like storage of the input energy. If the input energy is from fossil fuels, such as oil and gas, then carbon fossil
fuel energy is simply transferred into hydrogen. If the input energy is renewable, such as solar or wind, then new and clean energy is
stored in hydrogen. 

While
the concept of water splitting is very appealing, the following challenges must be addressed for renewable hydrogen to be commercially
viable: 

Energy Inefficiency 
Since hydrogen is an energy carrier, the most energy it can store is 100 of the input energy. However, conventional systems approach
to electrolysis lose much of the input energy in system components, wires and electrodes resulting in only a small portion of electricity
making it into the hydrogen molecules. This translates to high production cost and is the fundamental problem with water splitting for
hydrogen production. We intend to address this problem with our low-cost and energy efficient particle technology. 

Need for Clean Water 
 Conventional electrolysis requires highly purified clean water to prevent fouling of system components. This prevents current
technology from using large quantities of available water from oceans, rivers, industrial waste and municipal waste as feedstock. Our
technology is being designed to use any natural water or waste water for the unlimited production of renewable hydrogen. 

3 

Technology 

Water electrolysis
in its simplest form is the transfer of input electrons in the following chemical reactions: 

Cathode (reduction): 2H 2 O + 2 e - H 2 + 2OH - 

Anode (oxidation): 4OH - O 2 + 2H 2 O + 4 e - 

From
these equations, one can deduce that if every input electron e - is put to work and not lost, then a maximum amount
of input electrons (i.e. energy) is transferred and stored in the hydrogen molecules (H 2 ). Additionally, if there were
a very high number of cathode and anode reaction areas within a given volume of water, then a very high number of these reactions could
happen simultaneously throughout the medium to split each water molecule into hydrogen wherever electrons are available. 

SunHydrogen Panel 

Since
our particles are intended to mimic the natural temperature conditions of photosynthesis, they can be housed in very low-cost reactors.
To facilitate the commercial use of our self-contained particle technology, we are developing a modular system that will enable the onsite
daily production and storage of hydrogen for any time use in electricity generation. 

We
refer to our potential product as the SunHydrogen Panel which is comprised of the following components: 

1. The Generator Housing
 Our novel device design is the first of its kind to safely separate oxygen and hydrogen in the water splitting process without
sacrificing efficiency. This device houses the water, and the solar particles/cells and is designed with inlets and outlets for water
and gasses. Utilizing a novel ion-exchange membrane strategy for separating the oxygen side from the hydrogen side, ion transport is increased
which is the key to safely increasing solar-to-hydrogen efficiency. Our design can be scaled up and manufactured for commercial use. 

2. The NanoParticle or Solar Cell - Powered
by solar energy, billions of our microscopic nanoparticle solar cells split apart water at the molecular level, extracting hydrogen for
use as a clean energy source and leaving behind only clean oxygen as a byproduct. 

3. Oxygen Evolution Catalyst
- This proprietary catalyst developed at the University of Iowa lab is uniformly applied onto the solar cell or nanoparticle and efficiently
oxidize water molecule to generate oxygen gas. The oxygen evolution catalyst must be robust to withstand the long operating hours of the
hydrogen generation device to ensure long lifetime. It must be stable in alkaline, neutral and acidic environments. 

4. Hydrogen Evolution
Catalyst - Necessary for collecting electrons to reduce protons for generating hydrogen gas, we have successfully integrated a low-cost
hydrogen catalyst into our generator system, successfully coating a triple junction solar cell with a catalyst comprised primarily of
ruthenium, carbon and nitrogen that can function as well as platinum, the current catalyst used for hydrogen production. 

5. Coating Technologies
- Two major coating technologies were developed to protect the nanoparticles and solar cells from photocorrosion under water: A transparent
conducive coating to protect our nanoparticles and solar cells from photo corrosion and efficiently transfer charges to catalysts for
oxygen and hydrogen evolution reactions; and a polymer combination that protects the triple junction solar cells from any corrosive water
environments for long lifetime of the hydrogen generation device. 

In
the process of optimizing our nanoparticles to be efficient and only during experimentation with earth abundant materials (an ongoing
process), we experimented with commercially available triple junction silicon solar cells to perform tests with our generator housing
and other components. Through this experimentation, our discovery led us to believe that we could bring a system (Gen 1) to market utilizing
these readily available cells while our nanoparticles are still being optimized. While these solar cells also absorb sunlight and produce
the necessary charge for splitting the water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen, their efficiency is low, thus we have made the strategic
decision to focus on our NanoParticle strategy (Gen 2) and use the Gen 1 hydrogen generators for proof of concept and demonstration purposes
only. We anticipate these hydrogen panels will be demonstrated in various parts of the world as further proof of concept of our technology
and to promote our nanoparticle technology that will be more efficient and economical. 

4 

Our
business and commercialization plan utilizes our second generation of hydrogen panels featuring the nanoparticle-based technology where
billions of autonomous solar cells are electrodeposited onto porous alumina sheets and manufactured in a roll to roll process or wafer
process and inserted into our proprietary panels. For this generation, we have received multiple patents and our target cost of hydrogen
production is 2.50 per kilogram before pressurization. 

We
are working with several vendors to help commercialize and manufacture our renewable hydrogen panels that use sunlight and water to generate
hydrogen. In February 2021, we entered into a cooperation agreement with Schmid Group of Freudenstadt, Germany to design and define a
process platform that enables mass manufacturing of SunHydrogen s Gen 2 NanoParticle hydrogen panels. In April 2021, we entered
into an agreement with InRedox of Longmont, Colorado to produce the material components needed for Gen 2 manufacturing development. Both
Schmid and InRedox work alongside the research team at the University of Iowa, a longtime technology development partner to SunHydrogen
under sponsored research agreement. 

Intellectual Property 

On November 14, 2011, we filed
a provisional application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to protect the intellectual property rights for Photoelectrochemically
Active Heterostructures, methods for their manufacture, and methods and systems for producing desired products. A year later on
November 14, 2012, we filed a non-provisional application claiming priority to the provisional application. On March 14, 2017, a first
patent covering the structural design of Photoelectrochemically Active Heterostructures (PAH) was granted as United States Patent No.
9,593,053B1. A divisional application claiming priority to the foregoing applications was filed, and on April 3, 2018, a second patent
covering the method for manufacturing PAH was granted as United States Patent No. 9,593,053B2. These patents protect the Company s
proprietary design and manufacturing method of a self-contained solar-to-hydrogen device made up of millions of solar-powered water-splitting
nanoparticles, per square centimeter. These nanoparticles are coated with a separate patent-pending protective coating that prevents corrosion
during extended periods of hydrogen production. The aim of these nanoparticles is high conversion efficiency and low cost. This patent
expires on November 14, 2032. 

An important aspect of the
patented technology referred to in the preceding paragraph is the integrated structures of high-density arrays of nano-sized solar cells
as part of hydrogen production nanoparticles. The technology enables manufacturing of ultra-thin sheets for solar-to-hydrogen production,
requiring substantially less material as compared to conventional solar cells used in rooftop power applications. 

On March 21, 2014, we jointly
filed a provisional application with UCSB for the Multi-junction artificial photosynthetic cell with enhanced photovoltages. 
Thereafter, we filed a non-provisional application on March 16, 2015 and a corresponding PCT Application on March 17, 2015. These applications
cover our semiconductor designs to enhance the photovoltages of the nano-sized solar cells in the PAH structures. The semiconductor designs
stacking multiple junctions inside the PAH structures would be an efficient and economic solution for the photovoltaic and the photoelectrochemical
industries. Patents were granted in Australia in April of 2018, China and Europe in March of 2019, and in the U.S. as United States Patent
No. 10,100,415 in October of 2018. A patent application is currently pending in India. This patent expires on March 17, 2025. 

On September 26, 2016, we
filed jointly with the University of Iowa a provisional application for Integrated Membrane Solar Fuel Production Assembly 
to protect the intellectual property for our generator housing system that safely separates oxygen and hydrogen in the water-splitting
process without sacrificing efficiency. This device houses the water, the solar particles/cells and is designed with inlets and outlets
for water and gases. Utilizing a special membrane for separating the oxygen side from the hydrogen side, proton transport is increased
which is the key to safely increasing solar-to-hydrogen efficiency. On September 26, 2017, we filed a PCT Application that was later nationalized
in the U.S. on March 26, 2019. The U.S. patent application for this important invention is pending and prosecution is ongoing. 

5 

Strategic Partners 

As
of September 1, 2021, we have renewed our sponsored research agreement with the University of Iowa, As consideration under the research
agreement, the University of Iowa will receive a maximum of 299,966 from the Company. The research agreement may be terminated by either
party upon 60 days prior written notice or by either party upon notice of a material breach or default which is not cured within 90 days
of receipt of written notice of such breach. This term of the research agreement runs through August 31, 2022 but may be extended upon
mutual agreement of the parties. 

In
February 2021, we entered into a cooperation agreement with SCHMID Group of Freudenstadt, Germany. Due to delays associated with supply
chain challenges brought on by the Covid-19 pandemic, the cooperation agreement has been extended to fully complete the work scope with
no additional cost to the company. 

In
April 2021, we entered into an additional agreement with InRedox of Longmont, Colorado to support the design and production of essential
materials for our nanoparticle technology. 

Competition 

Currently,
most hydrogen is produced by steam reforming of natural gas or methane. This production technology dominates due to easy availability
and low prices of natural gas. Partial oxidation of petroleum oil is second in production capacity after steam reforming of natural gas.
The third largest production technology in terms of production capacity is steam gasification of coal. The current industry is heavily
dominated by large players such as Air Products, Chemicals Inc. and Air Liquide. 

Green
or renewable hydrogen can be produced through electrolyzers if the electrolyzers are powered by solar or wind energy. Several companies
of this nature have emerged in the past few years. ITM Power in England and Proton Onsite in Norway are two of the largest companies in
this industry. If not powered by solar panels or wind power, they require external electricity most likely created by coal, gas or oil.
We believe that our process when fully developed may potentially offer a competitive advantage as we anticipate it will be completely
green and renewable and utilize no external power other than the sun. 

Corporate Information 

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 18, 2009. Our executive offices are located at 10 E. Yanonali St., Suite 36, Santa
Barbara, CA 93101. 

Employees 

As of September 27, 2021,
we have 4 full-time employees and several consultants. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider relations with our employees
and consultants to be good. Most of our research and development work is performed by the University of Iowa, through a sponsored research
agreement, and in collaboration with our development partners SCHMID and InRedox. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Risks related to our
business and industry 

Our limited operating
history does not afford investors a sufficient history on which to base an investment decision. 

We
were formed in February 2009 and are currently developing a new technology that has not yet gained market acceptance. There can be no
assurance that we will ever operate profitably or that we will have adequate working capital to meet our obligations as they become due. 

6 

Investors
must consider the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage companies, particularly in rapidly evolving markets. Such
risks include the following: 

competition; 

need for acceptance of products; 

ability to continue to develop and extend brand identity; 

ability to anticipate and adapt to a competitive market; 

ability to effectively manage rapidly expanding operations; 

amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to expansion of our business, operations, and infrastructure; and 

dependence upon key personnel. 

We
cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that we will successfully address these risks. In the event that we
do not successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected and we may have to curtail our business. 

We have a history
of losses and have never realized revenues to date. We expect to continue to incur losses and no assurance can be given that we will realize
revenues. Accordingly, we may never achieve and sustain profitability. 

As
of June 30, 2021, we have an accumulated deficit of 172,976,952. For the year ended June 30, 2021 we incurred a net loss of 81,498,123.
We expect to continue to incur net losses until we are able to realize revenues to fund our continuing operations. We may fail to achieve
any or significant revenues from sales or achieve or sustain profitability. Accordingly, there can be no assurance of when, if ever,
we will be profitable or be able to maintain profitability. 

We
have historically raised funds through various capital raising transactions. We will require additional funds in the future to fund our
business plans, either through additional equity or debt financings or collaborative agreements or from other sources. We have no commitments
to obtain such additional financing, and we may not be able to obtain any such additional financing on terms favorable to us, or at all.
In the event we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be unable to implement our business plan. Even with such financing,
we have a history of operating losses and there can be no assurance that we will ever become profitable. 

We may be unable
to manage our growth or implement our expansion strategy. 

We may not be able to develop
our product or implement the other features of our business strategy at the rate or to the extent presently planned. Our projected growth
will place a significant strain on our administrative, operational and financial resources. If we are unable to successfully manage our
future growth, establish and continue to upgrade our operating and financial control systems, recruit and hire necessary personnel or
effectively manage unexpected expansion difficulties, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We may not be able
to successfully develop and commercialize our technologies which would result in continued losses and may require us to curtail or cease
operations. 

In
early-to-mid , we entered into agreements with development partners InRedox and SCHMID Group, who are working alongside the University
of Iowa research team to take the lab-scale prototypes of our nanoparticle technology to larger, commercial-scale prototypes. However,
we have not completed a large-scale commercial prototype of our technology and are uncertain at this time when completion of a commercial
scale prototype will occur. Although the lab scale prototype demonstrates the viability of our technology, there can be no assurance that
we will be able to commercialize our technology. 

7 

Our revenues will
be dependent upon acceptance of our products by the market; the failure of which would cause us to curtail or cease operations. 

We
believe that virtually all of our revenues will come from the sale or license of our products. As a result, we will continue to incur
substantial operating losses until such time as we are able to develop our product and generate revenues from the sale or license of our
products. There can be no assurance that businesses and customers will adopt our technology and products, or that businesses and prospective
customers will agree to pay for or license our products. Our technology and product, when fully developed, may not gain market acceptance
due to various factors such as not enough cost savings between our method of producing hydrogen and other more conventional methods. In
the event that we are not able to significantly increase the number of customers that purchase or license our products, or if we are unable
to charge the necessary prices or license fees, our financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 

We anticipate that
we will face intense competition, and many of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do. 

We
operate in a competitive environment that is characterized by price fluctuation and technological change. We anticipate that we will compete
with major international and domestic companies. Some of our current and future potential competitors may have greater market recognition
and customer bases, longer operating histories and substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution, purchasing, manufacturing,
personnel and other resources than we do. In addition, competitors may be developing similar technologies with a cost similar to, or lower
than, our projected costs. As a result, they may be able to respond more quickly to changing customer demands or to devote greater resources
to the development, promotion and sales of solar and solar-related products than we can. 

Our
business plan relies on sales of our products based on either a demand for truly renewable clean hydrogen or economically produced clean
hydrogen. If we fail to compete successfully, our business would suffer and we may lose or be unable to gain market share. Neither the
demand for our product nor our ability to manufacture at commercial scale have yet been proven. 

Because our industry
is highly competitive and has low barriers to entry, we may lose market share to larger companies that are better equipped to weather
a deterioration in market conditions due to increased competition. 

Our
industry is highly competitive and fragmented, subject to rapid change and has low barriers to entry. We may, in the future, compete for
potential customers with solar and heating companies and other providers of solar power equipment or electric power. Some of these competitors
may have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources and greater name recognition than we have. 

We
believe that our ability to compete depends in part on a number of factors outside of our control, including: 

the ability of our competitors to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

the ownership by competitors of proprietary tools to customize systems to the needs of a particular customer; 

the price at which others offer comparable services and equipment; 

the extent of our competitors responsiveness to customer needs; and 

installation technology. 

Currently, competing methods
of hydrogen production include steam reforming of natural gas or methane, which dominates due to its easy availability and low price;
partial oxidation of petroleum oil; steam gasification of coal; and electrolyzers powered by solar or wind energy. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. If we are unable to compete effectively, or if competition
results in a deterioration of market conditions, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

8 

Our business depends
on proprietary technology that we may not be able to protect and may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 

Our success will depend, in
part, on our technology s commercial viability and on the strength of our intellectual property rights. We currently hold patents
in the US, China and Australia, but still have several patents pending in multiple countries. There is no guarantee the pending
patents will be granted. In addition, any agreements we enter into with our employees, consultants, advisors, customers and strategic
partners will contain restrictions on the disclosure and use of trade secrets, inventions and confidential information relating to our
technology may not provide meaningful protection in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. 

Third
parties may assert that our technology, or the products we, our customers or partners commercialize using our technology, infringes upon
their proprietary rights. We have yet to complete an infringement analysis and, even if such an analysis were available at the current
time, it is virtually impossible for us to be certain that no infringement exists, particularly in our case where our products have not
yet been fully developed. 

We
may need to acquire licenses from third parties in order to avoid infringement. Any required license may not be available to us on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

We
could incur substantial costs in defending ourselves in suits brought against us for alleged infringement of another party s intellectual
property rights as well as in enforcing our rights against others, and if we are found to infringe, the manufacture, sale and use of our
or our customers or partners products could be enjoined. Any claims against us, with or without merit, would likely be time-consuming,
requiring our management team to dedicate substantial time to addressing the issues presented. Furthermore, the parties bringing claims
may have greater resources than we do. 

We do not maintain
theft or casualty insurance and only maintain modest liability and property insurance coverage and therefore, we could incur losses as
a result of an uninsured loss. 

We
do not maintain theft, casualty insurance, or property insurance coverage. We cannot assure that we will not incur uninsured liabilities
and losses as a result of the conduct of our business. Any such uninsured or insured loss or liability could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations. 

If we lose key
employees and consultants or are unable to attract or retain qualified personnel, our business could suffer. 

Our success is highly dependent
on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, engineering and management personnel. We are highly dependent on our CEO, Timothy
Young, and our development team at the University of Iowa. The loss of this valuable resource could have a material adverse effect
on our operations. There can be no assurance that they will remain associated with us. Our management s efforts will be critical
to us as we continue to develop our technology and as we attempt to transition from a development stage company to a company with commercialized
products and services. If we were to lose Mr. Young or the services of the development team at the university or any other key employees
or consultants, we may experience difficulties in competing effectively, developing our technology and implementing our business strategies. 

The loss of strategic
alliances used in the development of our products and technology could impede our ability to complete our product and result in a material
adverse effect causing the business to suffer. 

We
pursue strategic alliances with other companies in areas where collaboration can produce technological and industry advancement. We
have entered into a sponsored research agreement with the University of Iowa which is set to terminate August 31, 2022. If we are unable
to extend the terms of this agreement, we could suffer delays in product development or other operational difficulties which could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

9 

The COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect
our operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic is having widespread, rapidly evolving, and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets, and
business practices. The continuing impacts of COVID-19 are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and may have an adverse effect
on our business, operations and our future financial performance. 

The
impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance could include, but is not limited to, that: 

We may experience delays in our product development; 

The rapid and broad-based shift to a remote
working environment creates inherent productivity, connectivity, and oversight challenges; and 

Volatility in the equity markets could affect
the value of our equity to shareholders and have an impact on our ability to raise capital. 

Risks relating to
our common stock 

There is a limited
trading market for our common stock. 

Our common stock is not listed
on any national securities exchange. Accordingly, investors may find it more difficult to buy and sell our shares than if our common stock
was traded on an exchange. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink, it is an unorganized, inter-dealer, over-the-counter market
which provides significantly less liquidity than the Nasdaq Capital Market or other national securities exchange. Further, there is limited
trading in our common stock. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common stock. 

Our common stock
could be subject to extreme volatility. 

The
trading price of our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including events described in the risk factors set forth in
this report, as well as our operating results, financial condition and other events or factors. In addition to the uncertainties relating
to future operating performance and the profitability of operations, factors such as variations in interim financial results or various,
as yet unpredictable, factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock.
In recent years, broad stock market indices, in general, and smaller capitalization companies, in particular, have experienced substantial
price fluctuations. In a volatile market, we may experience wide fluctuations in the market price of our common stock and wide bid-ask
spreads. These fluctuations may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the securities market has,
from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular
companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We anticipate that our issuance of common
stock upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes will result in dilution to our stockholders. 

As of June 30, 2021, we have
outstanding 1,271,200 in convertible notes that are convertible into common stock at variable conversion prices (see Note 5 to the financial
statements included in this report). We anticipate that our issuance of common stock upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes
will result in dilution to holders of our common stock, which may have a negative effect on the price of our common stock. In addition,
as of June 30, 2021, we have outstanding warrants to purchase 94,895,239 shares of common stock and options to purchase 182,853,174 shares
of common stock, and our issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of outstanding warrants or options may result in additional
dilution to our stockholders. 

10 

We have never paid
common stock dividends and have no plans to pay dividends in the future, as a result our common stock may be less valuable because a return
on an investor s investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Holders
of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors. To date, we have paid
no cash dividends on our shares of common stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operations of our business. Therefore, any return investors in our common
stock will be in the form of appreciation in the market value of our shares of common stock, which may not occur. 

Our common stock
is subject to the SEC s penny stock rules. 

Unless
our common stock is listed on a national securities exchange, including the Nasdaq Capital Market, or we have stockholders equity
of 5,000,000 or less and our common stock has a market price per share of less than 5.00, transactions in our common stock will be subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules. If our common stock remains subject to the penny stock rules promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, broker-dealers may find it difficult to effectuate customer transactions and trading activity
in our securities may be adversely affected. 

In
accordance with these rules, broker-dealers participating in transactions in low-priced securities must first deliver a risk disclosure
document that describes the risks associated with such stocks, the broker-dealer s duties in selling the stock, the customer s
rights and remedies and certain market and other information. Furthermore, the broker-dealer must make a suitability determination approving
the customer for low-priced stock transactions based on the customer s financial situation, investment experience and objectives.
Broker-dealers must also disclose these restrictions in writing to the customer, obtain specific written consent from the customer, and
provide monthly account statements to the customer. The effect of these restrictions will probably decrease the willingness of broker-dealers
to make a market in our common stock, decrease liquidity of our common stock and increase transaction costs for sales and purchases of
our common stock as compared to other securities. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock
market. 

This
may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Our articles of incorporation allow for
our board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights
of the holders of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has
the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors has the authority to
issue up to 5,000,000 shares of our preferred stock without further stockholder approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize
the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders of preferred stock the right to our assets upon liquidation, or
the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock. In addition, our board of directors
could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible
into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Additional stock offerings in the future
may dilute then-existing shareholders percentage ownership of the Company. 

Given our plans and expectations
that we will need additional capital and personnel, we anticipate that we will need to issue additional shares of common stock or securities
convertible or exercisable for shares of common stock, including convertible preferred stock, convertible notes, stock options or warrants.
We anticipate that our issuance of additional common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable into common stock in the future
will dilute the percentage ownership of then current stockholders. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our
principal office address is 10 E. Yanonali St., Suite 36, Santa Barbara, CA, 93101. We believe that our current premises are sufficient
to handle our administrative activities for the near future as adequate lab space and equipment is attained through our agreement with
the University of Iowa. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently a party to, nor is any of our property currently the subject of, any material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

11 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol HYSR 

Common Stock 

Our
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, authorizes the issuance of 5,000,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share and
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

All
outstanding shares of common stock are of the same class and have equal rights and attributes. The holders of our common stock are
entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. All stockholders are entitled to share equally
in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. In the event of liquidation,
the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities. The stockholders
do not have cumulative or preemptive rights. 

As of October 2, 2021, our
common stock was held by approximately 75 stockholders of record. 

Dividend Policy 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to stockholders in
the foreseeable future. In addition, any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors
and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deem relevant. There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. 

Equity Compensation
Plan Information 

On January 23, 2019, our Board
adopted the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The stated purpose of the Plan is to promote the success
of the Company and to increase stockholder value by providing an additional means through the grant of awards to attract, motivate, retain
and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. The maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that can be
issued under the Plan is 300,000,000. 

The following table sets forth information
about our equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2021. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise prices of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 277,748,413 
 .0463 
 117,146,826 
 
 Total 
 277,748,413 
 .0463 
 117,146,826 

12 

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 364,087,931 shares of common stock upon conversion of 257,100 in principal of
convertible notes, plus accrued interest of 88,784. 

In
connection with the foregoing, the Company relied on an exemption from registration provided under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended for transactions not involving a public offering. 

Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 

Certain
statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below, and elsewhere
in this annual report, are not related to historical results, and are forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements present our expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements frequently are accompanied
by such words such as may, will, should, could, expects, plans, 
 intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential 
or continue, or the negative of such terms or other words and terms of similar meaning. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, achievements,
or timeliness of such results. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such
forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update these statements, or disclose any difference between actual
results and those reflected in these statements, except as may be required under applicable law 

Subsequent
written and oral forward looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting in our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
by the cautionary statements and risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report, and in other reports filed by us with
the SEC. 

You should read the following
description of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included
in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. 

Overview 

At SunHydrogen,
we are developing a breakthrough, low-cost technology to make renewable hydrogen using sunlight and any source of water, including seawater
and wastewater. The only byproduct of hydrogen fuel is pure water, unlike hydrocarbon fuels such as oil, coal and natural gas that release
carbon dioxide and other contaminants into the atmosphere when used. By optimizing the science of water electrolysis at the nano-level,
our low-cost nanoparticles mimic photosynthesis to efficiently use sunlight to separate hydrogen from water, ultimately producing environmentally
friendly renewable hydrogen. Using our low-cost method to produce renewable hydrogen, we intend to enable a world of distributed hydrogen
production for renewable electricity and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. 

13 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended June
30, 2021 compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2020. 

Operating Expenses 

For the year ended June 30,
2021 operating expenses were 5,806,480 compared to 1,681,427 for the year ended June 30, 2020. Operating expenses consist primarily
of research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses incurred in connection with the operation of our business.
The net increase of 4,125,053 in operating expenses was a result of an increase in research and development expenses, professional fees,
and salaries. 

Other Income/(Expenses) 

Other income and (expenses)
for the year ended June 30, 2021 was (75,691,643) compared to 55,847,911) for the year ended June 30, 2020. The net increase of 19,843,732
in other income and (expenses) was the result of the net change in derivative liability, and interest expense. 

Net Income (Loss) 

For the year ended June 30,
2021 our net loss was (81,498,123), compared to net loss of (57,529,338) for the year ended June 30, 2020. The
majority of the increase in net loss of 23,968,785, was related primarily to the net change in derivative estimates each year. These
estimates are based on multiple inputs, including the market price of our stock, interest rates, our stock price, volatility, variable
conversion prices based on market prices defined in the respective agreements and probabilities of certain outcomes based on managements 
estimates. These inputs are subject to significant changes from period to period, therefore, the estimated fair value of the derivative
liabilities will fluctuate from period to period, and the fluctuation may be material. The Company has not generated any revenues. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of
a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing
basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts
payable and capital expenditures. 

As of June 30, 2021, we had
a working capital deficit of 80,099,103, compared to a working capital deficit of 60,459,862 as of June 30, 2020. This increase in working
capital deficit of 19,639,241 was primarily due to an increase in change in derivative liability. 

During the year ended June
30, 2021, we raised an aggregate of 62,223,350 in registered offerings of common stock and from the exercise of warrants, and 450,000
in private placements of convertible notes. During the year ended June 30, 2020, we raised an aggregate of 856,500 in private placements
of convertible notes. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise capital and potential future revenue
generated from operations. 

Cash flow used in operating
activities was 5,379,489 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to 695,784 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase in cash
used by operating activities was primarily due to an increase in research and development, and office salaries. The Company has had no
revenues. 

Cash used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2021
and 2020 was 167,866 and 780, respectively. The increase in investing activities was as a result of the purchase of two vans and office
computers for a total of 213,866, and received sales proceeds of 46,000 for the sale of one of the vans for a net aggregate of 167,866
during the current period. 

Cash provided by financing
activities during the year ended June 30, 2021 was 61,358,900 compared to 856,500 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase in
cash from financing activities was due to the funds raised through registered offerings and the exercise of warrants in 2021. 

14 

We have historically obtained
funding from investors, through private placements and registered offerings of equity and debt securities. Management believes that the
Company will be able to continue to raise funds through the sale of its securities to its existing shareholders and prospective new investors
which will provide the additional cash needed to meet the Company s obligations as they become due, and will allow the Company to
continue to develop its core business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue raising the required capital for our
operations on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funds, we may be forced
to curtail and/or cease our operation. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
revenues or expenses, result of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related
to impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Binomial lattice
valuation pricing model. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions, such as the trading value of
our common stock and estimated future undiscounted cash flows, that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions; however, we believe that our estimates,
including those for the above-described items, are reasonable. 

Use of Estimates 

In
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, management utilizes estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
These estimates and assumptions relate to recording, useful lives and impairment of tangible and intangible assets, derivatives, accruals,
income taxes, stock-based compensation expense, binomial model inputs and other factors. Management believes it has exercised reasonable
judgment in deriving these estimates. Consequently, a change in conditions could affect these estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 

Fair value of financial instruments,
requires disclosure of the fair value information, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, where it is practicable to estimate
that value. As of June 30, 2021, the amounts reported for cash, accrued interest and other expenses, notes payables, and derivative liability
approximate the fair value because of their short maturities. 

15 

Recently Adopted Accounting
Pronouncements 

Management adopted recently
issued accounting pronouncements during the year ended June 30, 2021, as disclosed in the Notes to the financial statements included in
this report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure
About Market Risk. 

Not
required for a smaller reporting company. 

Item 8. Financial Statements. 

All
financial information required by this Item is attached hereto at the end of this report beginning on page F-1 and is hereby incorporated
by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures . 

Our
management, with the participation of our CEO and our Acting CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that
evaluation, our CEO and our Acting CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed is made known to management and others, as appropriate,
to allow timely decision regarding required disclosure and that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file
or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and Acting CFO, or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A controls system cannot
provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

We
are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021 based on
the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as
of June 30, 2021, based on those criteria. 

16 

A
control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permanently exempt smaller reporting companies 

Changes in Internal
Controls 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended June 30, 2021 that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth information about our executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Timothy Young 
 56 
 President, CEO, Acting CFO and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Mark J. Richardson 
 68 
 Director 
 
 Woosuk Kim 
 56 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 

Timothy Young 
President, CEO, Acting CFO and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Tim
Young is an accomplished executive with over fifteen years of management experience in media and Internet technology companies. Mr. Young
was appointed President, CEO and Chairman of the Company in August 2009 . Mr. Young was appointed
Acting CFO in 2010. 

Mr.
Young oversees the Company s research and development initiatives and fundraising efforts. 

From
September 2007 through August 2009, Mr. Young was the President of Rovion, Inc., an internet media startup company, where he increased
revenues through a channel sales strategy that included companies such as Clear Channel, Disney, CBS, and Fox Television and bolstered
the company s technical capabilities through strategic acquisitions. Prior to Rovion, Mr. Young was employed by Time Warner Inc.
from October 1998 through July 2007, where he served as Vice President and Regional Vice President of various divisions including America
Online and Time Warner Cable. 

Mr.
Young s track record of success and over fifteen plus years of management and leadership experience bringing new products to the
market, qualifies him to be a board member of the Company. 

Mark J. Richardson
 Director 

Mr.
Richardson was appointed as a director in June 2018. Mr. Richardson has been a securities lawyer since he graduated from the University
of Michigan Law School in 1978. He practiced as an associate and partner in large law firms until 1993, when he established his own practice
under the name Richardson Associates. He has been the principal securities counsel on a variety of equity and debt placements for
corporations, partnerships, and real estate companies. His practice includes public and private offerings, venture capital placements,
debt restructuring, compliance with federal and state securities laws, representation of publicly traded companies, Nasdaq filings, corporate
law, partnerships, joint ventures, mergers, asset acquisitions, and stock purchase agreements. As a partner in a major international law
firm in the 1980 s, Mr. Richardson participated in the leveraged buyout and recapitalization of a well-known producer of animated
programming for children, financed by Prudential Insurance and Bear Stearns, Inc. He was also instrumental in restructuring the public
debentures of a real estate company without resorting to a bankruptcy proceeding. From 1986 to 1993 Mr. Richardson was a contributing
author to State Limited Partnerships Laws California Practice Guide, Prentice Hall Law and Business. Prior to receiving his Juris
Doctor degree cum laude from the University of Michigan Law School in 1978, Mr. Richardson received a Bachelor of Science degree summa
cum laude in Resource Economics from the University of Michigan School of Natural Resources in 1975, where he earned the Bankstrom Prize
for academic excellence and achieved Phi Beta Kappa honors. Mr. Richardson is an active member of the Los Angeles County and California
State Bar Associations, including the Section on Corporations, Business and Finance and the Section on Real Estate. 

The Board has determined that
Mr. Richardson is qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive experience as a practicing attorney representing small companies. 

18 

Woosuk Kim Chief
Operating Officer and Director 

Woosuk Kim has served as our
chief operating officer and director since April 1, 2021. From May 2011 to December 2019, Mr. Kim was senior vice president, head of M A
group at SK Innovation in Seoul, South Korea, responsible for expanding core businesses and developing new business opportunities in the
renewable energy sector through cross border acquisitions and joint venture transactions. From August 2009 to May 2011 Mr. Kim was vice
president, corporate development at SK Telekom. From August 2006 to March 2008, Mr. Kim was chief financial officer at Axon Financial
Services in New York. From July 1998 to August 2006, Mr. Kim was executive director at Morgan Stanley in New York, responsible for developing
and operating multi-billion dollar asset-backed securities funding platforms, investor marketing, and the corporate treasury function
for Discover Card. He received an MBA from Cornell University and a BA from the University of Chicago. Mr. Kim s financial industry
knowledge and experience qualify him to serve on our board of directors. 

Directors are elected at our
annual meeting of shareholders and serve for one year until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected
and qualified. 

Family Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. 

Board Leadership Structure
and Role in Risk Oversight 

Although
we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined, we have
traditionally determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to combine these roles. Currently, our Chief
Executive Officer also serves as Chairman of the Board. Due to the small size and early stage of the Company, we believe it is currently
most effective to have the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions combined. 

Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings 

During
the past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has been: 

the subject of any bankruptcy
petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy
or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

19 

found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. 

the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Committees of the
Board 

Due
to the small size of the Company and its Board of Directors, we currently have no audit committee, compensation committee or nominations
and governance committee of our board of directors. We do not have an audit committee financial expert. 

Code of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics can be obtained
without charge upon request to Timothy Young, CEO and President, 10 E. Yanonali, Suite 36, Santa Barbara, CA 93101 and is also being incorporated
by reference herein. Any waiver of the provisions of the Code of Ethics for executive officers and directors may be made only by the Board
of Directors. Any such waivers will be promptly disclosed to our shareholders. 

Changes in Nominating
Procedures 

None. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The
table below sets forth the compensation earned by our named executive officers during the last two fiscal years. 

Name Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Timothy Young, 
 2021 
 315,125 
 335,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 650,125 
 
 CEO and Acting CFO 
 2020 
 275,000 
 - 
 - 
 757,243 
 (1 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,012,243 
 
 Woosuk Kim COO (2) 
 2021 
 68,750 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 68,750 

(1) Calculated at fair value in
accordance with authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, where the value of the stock compensation
is based upon the grant date and recognized over the vesting period. On the grant date of January 23, 2019, one-third (1/3) of the options
vested immediately and the remainder of the options will vest in increments of 1/24 monthly. Mr. Young was granted options to purchase
150,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0099, with a fair value of 757,243. As of June 30, 2021, 7,886,435 options
were redeemed by the Company. 

(2) Mr. Kim was appointed our chief operating officer on April
7, 2021. 

20 

Employment Agreements 

On January 21, 2021, the
Company entered into an employment agreement with Timothy Young, the Company s president, chief executive officer, acting
chief financial officer, and chairman. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Young will continue to serve in such positions and will
receive an annual base salary of 354,000, effective as of January 1, 2021, which base salary will be reviewed annually by the
Board. Mr. Young received a 150,000 signing bonus under the employment agreement and his bonus opportunities will include up to an
additional 100 of base salary upon meeting certain objectives to be set by the Board for each calendar year, payable at the end of
each calendar quarter as the objectives are satisfied. In addition, upon the Company being up-listed to the Nasdaq Capital Market or
New York Stock Exchange, Mr. Young will receive a 250,000 bonus. Mr. Young will also receive a grant of one hundred million shares
of restricted stock units, subject to a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. If Mr. Young is terminated without
 cause or he resigns voluntarily for good reason, as each term is defined in the agreement, he will be
eligible to receive a lump sum of one year of his base salary and of his bonus and 100 of all outstanding unvested equity awards
will vest immediately, with all outstanding unexercised stock options remaining exercisable for one year form the date of
termination. 

On April 1, 2021, the Company
entered into an employment agreement with Woosuk Kim, pursuant to which Mr. Kim serves as our chief operating officer. Pursuant to the
employment agreement, Mr. Kim received a signing bonus of 55,000 and will receive an annual base salary of 275,000, which will be reviewed
and may be increased annually by the board of directors. He will also be eligible for an annual bonus of 75 of his annual base salary,
upon meeting objectives set by the board of directors. In the event the Company uplists the Company s common stock to Nasdaq or
the New York Stock Exchange, Mr. Kim will receive an additional bonus of 150,000. In the event the Company merges with or acquires another
company and has an increased market capitalization after the close of the transaction, Mr. Kim will receive an additional bonus of 150,000.
Mr. Kim will receive 50,000,000 restricted stock units of the Company, subject to a 24-month vesting schedule to be determined by the
board of directors in its discretion. The employment agreement will terminate April 1, 2023, subject to the right of either party to terminate
the employment agreement at any time upon written notice, provided that, in the event Mr. Kim is terminated prior to such date by the
Company, without Cause (as defined in the employment agreement) or the company is sold, merged, or there is a Change of Control (as defined
in the employment agreement), Mr. Kim will be entitled to certain severance payments and benefits including a payment equal to his annual
base salary that would have accrued until April 1, 2023, a payment of his bonus amount that would have accrued until April 1, 2023, and
immediate accelerated vesting of all outstanding unvested equity awards and any other stock awards. 

Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table discloses
information regarding outstanding equity awards granted or accrued as of June 30, 2021, for our named executive officers. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested ) 
 
 Timothy Young 
 142,113,565 
 - 
 .0099 
 1/23/2026 
 - 
 - 
 
 Woosuk Kim 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Director Compensation

The
following table sets forth compensation information regarding the Company s non-employee directors in fiscal 2021: 

Name 
 Fees
earned 
 or paid in cash 
 Stock 

Award ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) 
 Non-equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 compensation 
 Nonqualified 
 deferred 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 

 Earnings ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Mark R. Richardson 
 42,500 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 42,500 

21 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of October 2, 2021, concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned by: (i)
each of our directors; (ii) each of our named executive officers; and (iii) each person or group known by us to beneficially own more
than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

We
believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. 

A
person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by him within 60 days of October 2, 2021, upon the exercise
or conversion of options, warrants or convertible securities. Each beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming
that options, warrants or convertible securities that are held by him, but not those held by any other person, and which are exercisable
within 60 days of October 2, 2021 or have been exercised and converted. 

Name and address 
 Shares of 
 Common Stock 
 Percentage 
 of Common 
 Stock (1) 

Directors and Officers (2) 

Timothy A. Young 
 133,812,947 (3) 
 3.2 
 
 Mark R. Richardson 
 3,081,552 (4) 

Woosuk Kim 
 0 
 -- 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 
 136,894,499 
 3.3 
 
 Thunderbolt Capital LLC 
 
237,899,928 (5) 
 5.9 

Less than 1 . 

(1) Based upon 4,054,676,450.
shares issued and outstanding as of October 2, 2021. 

(2) The address for each of the
officers and directors is c/o SunHydrogen, Inc. 10 E. Yanonali, Suite 36, Santa Barbara, CA 93101 

(3) Includes 125,812,947 shares
underlying options. 

(4) Represents shares underlying
options. 

(5) Based on Schedule 13G filed
with the SEC on June 8, 2021. The address of the stockholder is 62 E Serene Ave Unit 215, Las Vegas NV 89123 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions 

Since
June 30, 2019, except as set forth below, there have been and there are no currently proposed transaction, in which we are or were a participant
and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal
years, and in which any director, executive officer, holder of more than 10 of any class of our voting securities, had or will have a
direct or indirect material interest. 

On
September 10, 2020, the Company entered into rescission agreements with Timothy Young, the Company s chief executive officer and
director, and Mark Richardson, the Company s director. Under the rescission agreements, the cashless option exercises of Mr. Young
and Mr. Richardson that were completed on June 24, 2020, were rescinded and unwound in full. Under Mr. Young s option exercise,
Mr. Young had exercised 50,000,000 options cashless at an exercise price of 0.0099 per share and was issued 39,239,130 shares of common
stock. Under Mr. Richardson s option exercise, Mr. Young had exercised 8,055,542 options cashless at an exercise price of 0.0099
per share and was issued 6,321,849 shares of common stock. 

22 

On
March 4, 2021, the Company entered into redemption agreements with Timothy Young, the Company s chief executive officer, Mark Richardson,
a director of the Company, and with a consultant of the Company. Pursuant to the redemption agreements, the Company redeemed an aggregate
of 13,146,826 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (including 7,886,435 options held by Mr. Young with an exercise
price of 0.0099, 2,628,812 options held by Mr. Richardson with an exercise price of 0.0099, and 2,631,579 options held by a consultant
with an exercise price of 0.01 for a redemption price of 0.0951 per option (with respect to the options held by Mr. Young and Mr. Richardson)
or 0.095 per option (with respect to the options held by a consultant). 

On July 20, 2021, the Company
entered into redemption agreements with Timothy Young, the Company s chief executive officer, Mark Richardson, a director of the
Company, and with a consultant of the Company. Pursuant to the redemption agreements, the Company redeemed an aggregate of 24,887,263
options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (including 16,300,618 options held by Mr. Young with an exercise price of 0.0099,
4,289,636 options held by Mr. Richardson with an exercise price of 0.0099, and 4,297,009 options held by the consultant with an exercise
price of 0.01) for a redemption price of 0.05828 per option (with respect to the options held by Mr. Young and Mr. Richardson) or 0.05818
per option (with respect to the options held by the consultant). 

As of June 30, 2021, the Company
owed 211,750 to Timothy Young in accrued salary. 

Director Independence 

The Board has determined that
Mr. Richardson is an independent director within the meaning of NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Audit Fees 

The
aggregate fees billable to us by our principal accounting firm during 2021 and 2020 for the audit of our annual financial statements
and review of financial statements included in the our Form 10-Qs or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years, were approximately
 34,800 and 12,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

We
incurred fees of 0 and 0 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to our principal accountant for assurance and related
services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under
 Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees 

We
did not incur fees for services rendered to us for tax compliance, tax advice, or tax planning by our principal accountant for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

All Other Fees 

Our
current policy is to not engage M K CPAS, PLLC to provide, among other things, bookkeeping services, appraisal or valuation services,
or international audit services. The policy provides that we engage M K CPAS, PLLC to provide audit, and other assurance services,
such as review of SEC reports or filings. 

23 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(1) Financial statements. 

The SunHydrogen, Inc. financial statements are
included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

(2) Financial statement schedules: None. 

(3) Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 18, 2009 (incorporated by reference to S-1 filed on February 5, 2010). 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 11, 2009 (incorporated by reference to S-1 filed February 5, 2010). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 21, 2013 (incorporated by reference 8-K filed on November 21, 2013). 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 13, 2018. (incorporated by reference to 10-K filed on September 25, 2018). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 26, 2019) 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed January 3, 2020) 

3.7 
 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed June 15, 2020) 

3.8 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to S-1 February 5, 2010) 

3.9 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 12, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Form S-8 on December 19, 2018) 

10.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated February 3, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2018f) 

10.3 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated November 10, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q on May 15, 2018) 

10.4 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated June27, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2018) 

10.5 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued August 10, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2018) 

10.6 
 
 Engagement Letter between the Company and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 3, 2020) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 3, 2020) 

24 

10.8 
 
 Amendment dated December 28, 2020, to Engagement Agreement between the Company and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 29, 2020) 

10.9 
 
 Purchase Agreement between the Company and GHS Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed February 5, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed February 26, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed February 26, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 Cooperation Agreement between the Company and Gebr. SCHMID GmbH (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed February 22, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Timothy Young (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 1, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Woosuk Kim (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed April 7, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Extension Agreement between the Company and Gebr. SCHMID GmbH 

10.16 
 
 Contract, dated September 1, 2021, between the Company and The University of Iowa, Iowa City 

10.17 
 
 Research Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, between the Company and Regents of the University of Michigan 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to 10-K filed on September 28, 2012). 

16.1 
 
 Letter from Liggett Webb, P.A. (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed January 7, 2020) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of M K CPAS, LLC 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101 
 
 Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

104 
 
 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

Date: October 8, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Timothy Young 

Timothy Young 
 Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief 
 Financial Officer, and Chairman 
 (principal executive, financial and 
 accounting officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Timothy Young 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President 
 
 October 8, 2021 
 
 Timothy Young 

(Principal Executive Officer) Acting Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), and Chairman 

/s/ Mark R. Richardson 
 
 Director 
 
 October 8, 2021 
 
 Mark R. Richardson 

/ s/ Woosuk Kim 
 
 Director 
 
 October 8, 2021 
 
 Woosuk Kim 

26 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

SunHydrogen, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of SunHydrogen, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related statements of operations, shareholders deficit,
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021
and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB . 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Capital Stock and Other Equity Accounts

As discussed in Note 4, the Company issues stock
options and warrants as stock-based compensation to employees and non-employees. 

Auditing management s calculation of the
fair value of the options and warrants issued can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on various inputs to the calculations. 

To test
the valuation of the warrants and options, we evaluated management s significant judgments and estimates. Significant judgements
and estimates related to the valuation of the warrants and options include fair valuing of warrants and options which involve significant
estimates of volatility, grant terms, risk-free rates and the use of historical trading data. We evaluated management s conclusions
regarding their fair values and reviewed support for the significant inputs used in the valuation model, as well as assessing the model
for reasonableness. In addition, we evaluated the Company s disclosure in relation to this matter included in Notes 4 to the financial
statements 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

Houston, TX 

October 8, 2021 

F- 1 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 
2021 

June 30, 
2020 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalent 

Prepaid expenses 

- 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

PROPERTY EQUIPMENT 

Computers and peripherals 

Vehicle 

- 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

OTHER ASSETS 

Domain, net of amortization of and , respectively 

Trademark, net of amortization of and , respectively 

Patents, net of amortization of and , respectively 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and other payable 

Accrued expenses 

- 

Accrued expenses, related party 

Accrued interest on convertible notes 

Derivative liability 

Convertible promissory notes, net of debt discount of and , respectively 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Convertible promissory notes, net of debt discount of and , respectively 

TOTAL LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (SEE NOTE 9) 

- 

- 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock, par value; authorized preferred shares, no shares issued or outstanding 

- 

- 

Common Stock, par value; authorized common shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial
statements 

F- 2 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Year Ended 

June 30, 
2021 

June 30, 
2020 

REVENUE 

- 

- 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development cost 

Depreciation and amortization 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

() 

() 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSES) 

Other income/(expenses) 

() 
 
 Gain on sale of asset 

- 

Gain (Loss) on change in derivative liability 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

() 

() 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

() 

() 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

() 

COMMON STOCK WARRANTS DEEMED DIVIDENDS 

() 

- 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

() 

() 

BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE 

() 

() 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial
statements 

F- 3 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2020 

Additional 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2019 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt and accrued interest 
 - 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 -

-

Stock based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2020 
 -
 
 -

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 

Additional 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2020 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for cash purchase agreements 
 - 
 - 

-

Issuance of common stock for cash purchase of warrants 
 - 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt and accrued interest 
 - 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock warrants deemed dividends 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Stock based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Buyback of options by Company 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2021 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial
statements 

F- 4 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Years Ended 

June 30, 
2021 

June 30, 
2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Depreciation amortization expense 

Stock based compensation expense 

Stock issued for services 

Net Loss on change in derivative liability 

Amortization of debt discount recorded as interest expense 

Gain on sale of van 

() 

Net loss on write-off of patent cost 

- 

Change in assets and liabilities : 

Prepaid expense 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest on convertible notes 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of van 

- 

Purchase of tangible assets 

() 

() 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Buyback of stock options from related parties 

() 

- 

Net proceeds from common stock purchase agreements 

- 

Cash Payoff of convertible notes 

() 

- 

Proceeds from convertible debt 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

- 

- 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Fair value of common stock upon conversion of convertible notes , accrued interest and other fees 

Fair value of common stock issued for services 

Fair value of convertible notes at issuance 

Issurance of common stock purchase warrants deemed dividends 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial
statements 

F- 5 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

, compared to an operating loss of approximately in the
prior year ended June 30, 2020. The increase in operating loss consisted primarily of the non-cash change in derivative liability fair
value. 

million of proceeds for the purchase of common stock and warrants of the
Company. The proceeds were used for general and administration expenses, and the cost of research and development. The research and development
transaction is further discussed in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies. 

million as of June 30, 2021 will enable it to meet its obligations for twelve months from the date these financial statements
are available to be issued. 

. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant
credit risk in these accounts. 

F- 6 

SUNHYDROGEN,
INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE
30, 2021 AND 2020 

2. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

years 

Less accumulated amortization 

Domain-net 

Trademark-gross 
 years 

Less accumulated amortization 

Domain-net 

Patents-gross 
 years 

Write-off of patent cost 
 
 -

Less accumulated amortization 

Patents-net 

and for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Years 
 
 Vehicle 
 Years 

. On April 19, 2021, the Company sold a vehicle
for cash of , with a book value of , and recognized a gain of . 

and , respectively. 

outstanding stock options, outstanding
warrants, and convertible debt of , which is convertible into shares of common stock. The stock options, warrants and convertible
debt were not included in the calculation of net earnings per share, because their impact was antidilutive. 

F- 7 

SUNHYDROGEN,
INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE
30, 2021 AND 2020 

2. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

outstanding stock options, and convertible
debt of , which is convertible into shares of common stock. The stock options and convertible debt were not included in the
calculation of net earnings per share, because their impact was antidilutive. 

() 

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding (Denominator) 

Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding (Denominator) 

shares set aside and reserved
for issuance pursuant to the Plan. The purpose of the Plan is to promote the success of the Corporation and to increase stockholder value
by providing an additional means through the grant of awards to attract, motivate, retain and reward selected employees and other eligible
persons. The awards are performance-based compensation that are granted under the Plan as incentive stock options (ISO) or nonqualified
stock options. The per share exercise price for each option shall not be less than of the fair market value of a share of common
stock on the date of grant of the option. The Company periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in
non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing cost. The Company accounts for stock option grants issued and vesting
to employees and non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board whereas the
value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment
is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based
compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are
no future performance requirements by the non-employee, option grants are immediately vested, and the total stock-based compensation
charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date. The Company granted options to purchase shares of common stock
options on January 23, 2019. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company redeemed stock options. 

stock options issued, and
a reserve of . 

F- 8 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

- 

- 

Derivative liability measured at fair value at 6/30/20 

- 

- 

Fair value of derivative liabilities at issuance 

Gain on change in derivative liability 

Balance as of June 30, 2020 

Fair value of derivative liabilities issued 

Loss on change in derivative liability 

Balance as of June 30, 2021 

and for the
years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 9 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

F- 10 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

shares of common stock under purchase agreements for cash at prices ranging
from - per share for aggregate net proceeds of . 

shares of common stock upon exercise of warrants at an exercise price of
 per share for gross proceeds of . 

shares of common stock upon conversion of convertible notes in the amount
of of principal, plus accrued interest of and other fees of based upon conversion prices ranging from 
- per share. All note conversions were performed per the terms of their respective agreements and therefore no gain or loss
on the conversion was recorded. 

shares of common stock for services rendered at fair value prices of 
- per share in the aggregate amount of . 

shares of common stock upon conversion of convertible notes in the amount
of in principal, plus accrued interest of and other fees of based upon conversion prices ranging from 
- . 

shares of common stock for services rendered at fair value prices of 
- per share in the aggregate amount of . 

shares of common stock. Each option expires on the date specified in the option agreement, which date is
not later than the fifth (5 th anniversary from the grant date of the options. 

shares of common stock. 

F- 11 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

4. OPTIONS
 (Continued) 

Granted 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -

-

Buyback of options 

-
 
 -

Outstanding, end of period 

Exercisable at the end of period 

of the Company s stock options for a total redemption
price of . 

- 

Stock volatility factor 
 - 

Weighted average expected option life 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

and , respectively. 

million shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement. The warrants were exercisable upon issuance. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the warrants were exercised for aggregate
gross proceeds of . As of June 30, 2021, all of the December 3, 2020 warrants were exercised. 

million warrants issued on December 3, 2020, were exercised for aggregate gross proceeds of million,
and as consideration for the exercise the investor was issued additional warrants to purchase million shares of common stock at
an exercise price of . The million warrants were deemed to be a dividend and were estimated at fair value of 
using the Black-Scholes valuation model. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the warrants were exercised for aggregate gross proceeds
of . As of June 30, 2021, all of the December 2020 warrants were exercised. 

shares of common stock under securities purchase agreements at exercise prices ranging
from - per share. The warrants were estimated at fair value on the date of issuance as calculated using the Black-Scholes
valuation model. The estimated fair value of the warrants was , which was recognized in the financial statements as of June
30, 2021. The warrants can be exercised over a (3) period. As of June 30, 2021, all of the warrants were exercisable. 

F- 12 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

4. OPTIONS
 (Continued) 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding, end of year 

Exercisable at the end of year 

are summarized as follows: 

Less current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

2023 

2024 

2025 

in convertible promissory notes had a remaining debt discount of , leaving a net balance of . 

convertible promissory note on January 28, 2016 (the Jan 2016 Note in the aggregate principal amount
of up to . Upon execution of the convertible promissory note, the Company received a tranche of . The Company received
additional tranches in the amount of for an aggregate sum of . The Jan 2016 Note matures twelve (12) months from the
effective date of the note. On If the Company failed to deliver shares in accordance with the timeframe of three (3) business days of the receipt of a
notice of conversion, the lender, at any time prior to selling all of those shares, had the right to rescind any portion, in whole or
in part of that particular conversion attributable to the unsold shares and have the rescinded conversion amount returned to the principal
sum with the rescinded conversion shares returned to the Company. In no event shall the lender be entitled to convert any portion of
the Jan 2016 Note such that would result in beneficial ownership by the lender and its affiliates of more than of the outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company. In addition, for each conversion, in the event that shares are not delivered by the fourth business
day (inclusive of the day of conversion), a penalty of per day would be assessed for each day after the third business day (inclusive
of the day of the conversion) until the shares are delivered. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued common
shares upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus interest of , and paid off the balance of Note in the amount
of 64,450 for cash. The balance of the Jan 2016 Note as of June 30, 2021 was . 

F- 13 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

5. CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTES (Continued) 

convertible
promissory note on February 3, 2017 (the Feb 2017 Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to . Upon execution
of the convertible promissory note, the Company received a tranche of . The Company received additional tranches in the amount
of for an aggregate sum of . The Feb 2017 Note had a maturity date of February 3, 2018, the investor extended the Feb
2017 Note for an additional sixty (60) months from the effective date of the note, which matures on February 3, 2022. During the year ended
on June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus
accrued interest of . The balance of the Feb 2017 Note as of June 30, 2021 was . 

convertible promissory note on November 9, 2017 (the Nov 2017 Note in the aggregate principal amount
of up to . Upon execution of the convertible promissory note, the Company received a tranche of . The Company received
additional tranches in the amount of for an aggregate sum of . The Nov 2017 Note matures twelve (12) months from the
effective dates of each respective tranche. The Nov 2017 Note matures on November 9, 2018, with an automatic extension of sixty (60)
months from the effective date of each tranche. If the Company fails to deliver shares in accordance with the timeframe of three (3) business days of the receipt of a
notice of conversion, the lender, at any time prior to selling all of those shares, may rescind any portion, in whole or in part of that
particular conversion attributable to the unsold shares and have the rescinded conversion amount returned to the principal sum with the
rescinded conversion shares returned to the Company. In no event shall the lender be entitled to convert any portion of the Nov 2017
Note such that would result in beneficial ownership by the lender and its affiliates of more than of the outstanding shares of
common stock of the Company. In addition, for each conversion, in the event that shares are not delivered by the fourth business day
(inclusive of the day of conversion), a penalty of per day shall be assessed for each day after the third business day (inclusive
of the day of the conversion) until the shares are delivered. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus accrued interest of . The balance of the Nov 2017
Note as of June 30, 2021 was . 

convertible promissory note on June 27, 2018 (the Jun 2018 Note in the aggregate principal amount
of up to . Upon execution of the convertible promissory note, the Company received a tranche of . On October 9, 2018 and
June 24, 2021, the Company received another tranche of and respectively, for a total aggregate of as of June
30, 2021. If the Company fails to deliver shares
in accordance with the timeframe of three (3) business days of the receipt of a notice of conversion, the lender, at any time prior to
selling all of those shares, may rescind any portion, in whole or in part of that particular conversion attributable to the unsold shares
and have the rescinded conversion amount returned to the principal sum with the rescinded conversion shares returned to the Company.
In no event shall the lender be entitled to convert any portion of the Jun 2018 Note such that would result in beneficial ownership by
the lender and its affiliates of more than of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. In addition, for each conversion,
in the event, that shares are not delivered by the fourth business day (inclusive of the day of conversion), a penalty of per
day shall be assessed for each day after the third business day (inclusive of the day of the conversion) until the shares are delivered.
The Company recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest expense in the amount of during the year
ended June 30, 2021. The balance of the Jun 2018 Note as of June 30, 2021 was . 

F- 14 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

5. CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTES (Continued) 

convertible promissory note on August 10, 2018 (the Aug 2018 Note in the aggregate principal amount
of up to . The Aug 2018 Note may be converted into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price of the lesser of a) per share or b) sixty-one (61 percent of the lowest trading price per common
stock recorded on any trade day after the effective date. The conversion feature of the Aug 2018 Note was considered a derivative in
accordance with current accounting guidelines because of the reset conversion features of the Note. The balance of the Aug 2018 Note
as of June 30, 2021 was . 

convertible promissory note (the Jan 2020 Note to an investor (the Jan
2020 Note in the principal amount of . The Company received funds of , less other fees of . The conversion feature of the Jan 2020 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current
accounting guidelines because of the reset conversion features of the Jan 2020 Note. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus accrued interest of , and
other fees of . The Company recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest expense in the amount of 
during the year ended June 30, 2021. The Jan 2020 Note was fully converted as of June 30, 2021. 

. The Company received funds of , less other fees of . The conversion feature of the Feb 2020 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current
accounting guidelines because of the reset conversion features of the Feb 2020 Note. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus accrued interest of , and other
fees of . The Company recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest expense in the amount of during
the year ended June 30, 2021. The Feb 2020 Note was fully converted as of June 30, 2021. 

. The Company received funds of , less other fees of . The conversion feature of the Mar 2020 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines
because of the reset conversion features of the Mar 2020 Note. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus accrued interest of , and other fees of . The Company
recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest expense in the amount of during the year ended June
30, 2021. The Mar 2020 Note was fully converted as of June 30, 2021. 

. The Company received funds of , less other fees of . The
conversion feature of the April 2020 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines because of the
reset conversion features of the April 2020 Note. The Company recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest
expense in the amount of during the year ended June 30, 2021. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus accrued interest of , and other fees of .
The April 2020 Note was fully converted as of June 30, 2021. 

F- 15 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

5. 
 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES (Continued) 

unsecured convertible note (the Apr 2020 Note in the aggregate principal amount of , of which the Company received
 upon execution, and an additional tranche of , for an aggregate of . The Apr 2020 Note matures twelve (12) months
from the effective dates of each respective tranche. The Apr 2020 Note matured on April 15, 2021, and the investor extended the Apr 2020
Note for an additional sixty (60) months from the effective date of the note, which matures on April 15, 2025. If the Company fails to deliver shares in accordance
with the timeframe of four (4) business days of the receipt of a notice of conversion, the lender, at any time prior to selling all of
those shares, may rescind any portion, in whole or in part of that particular conversion attributable to the unsold shares and have the
rescinded conversion amount returned to the principal sum with the rescinded conversion shares returned to the Company. In no event shall
the lender be entitled to convert any portion of the Apr 2020 Note such that would result in beneficial ownership by the lender and its
affiliates of more than of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. In addition, for each conversion, in the event
that shares are not delivered by the fourth business day (inclusive of the day of conversion), a penalty of per day shall be assessed
for each day after the fourth business day (inclusive of the day of the conversion) until the shares are delivered. The conversion feature
of the April 2020 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines because of the reset conversion features
of the Apr 2020 Note. The Company recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest expense in the amount of 
during the year ended June 30, 2021. The balance of the Apr 2020 Note as of June 30, 2021 was . 

. The Company received funds of , less other fees of . The May 2020 Note had a maturity date of .
 The conversion
feature of the May 2020 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines because of the reset conversion
features of the May 2020 Note. The Company recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest expense in the amount
of during the year ended June 30, 2021. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock
upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus accrued interest of , and other fees of . The May 2020 Note was
fully converted as of June 30, 2021. 

. The Company received funds of , less other fees of . The
conversion feature of the Jun 2020 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines because of the reset
conversion features of the Jun 2020 Note. The Company recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest expense
in the amount of . During the year ended June 30, 2021 the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of
principal in the amount of , plus accrued interest of , and other fees of .The Jun 2020 Note was fully converted as
of June 30, 2021. 

F- 16 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

6. DERIVATIVE
LIABILITES (Continued) 

, based upon the Binomial lattice formula. We recorded
the full value of the derivative as a liability at issuance with an offset to valuation discount, which will be amortized over the life
of the Notes. 

in the statement of operations due to the change in fair value of the remaining notes and warrants
issued, for the year ended June 30, 2021. At June 30, 2021, the fair value of the derivative liability was . 

- 

Stock volatility factor 

- 

Weighted average expected option life 

months - year 

Expected dividend yield 

, which expires in future years. No tax benefit
has been reported in the June 30, 2021 and 2020 financial statements, since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance
of the same amount. 

Non-deductible expenses 

() 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

() 

Related party accrual 

- 

() 
 
 Gain on abandoned asset 

Valuation Allowance 

-( 

Income tax expense 

- 

- 

F- 17 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

7. 
 DEFERRED
 TAX BENEFIT (Continued) 

Research and development 

Related party accrual 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Less Valuation Allowance 

Income tax expense 
 -
 
 -

deposit, with the balance of the payments and the stock issuances due
upon completion of a deliverable. 

F- 18 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - AUDITED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

, which is recorded in accrued expenses, related
party. The Company began accruing the salary in 2011 and used the funds for operating expenses. The CEO will be paid during the next fiscal
year. 

stock options for a total redemption price of . 

shares of common stock to a related party for services rendered at fair value prices of - per share
in the aggregate amount of . 

shares of common stock to a related party for services rendered at fair value prices of - per
share in the aggregate amount of . 

stock options for a total redemption price of . 

shares of common stock upon conversion of principal in the amount of , plus
accrued interest of . 

from the Company. The research agreement may be terminated by either party upon sixty (60) day prior
written notice or a material breach or default, which is not cured within 90 days of receipt of a written notice of such breach. This
agreement was signed by the Company on September 13, 2021. 

, from the Company. The research agreement may be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) day prior
written notice or a material breach or default, which is not cured within 90 days of receipt of a written notice of such breach. This
agreement was signed by the Company on September 23, 2021. 

F-19 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2021ex4-1_sunhydro.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

SunHydrogen, Inc. (the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which is the Company s
common stock, 0.001 par value per share. 

Description of Common Stock 

The authorized capital
stock of the Company consists of 5,000,000,000 shares of common stock at a par value of 0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of blank
check preferred stock, par value 0.001. 

Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders
of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore (subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding preferred
stock), holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors to our
Board of Directors. Holders of the Company s common stock representing a majority of the voting power of the Company s
capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any
meeting of stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stockholders is required to effectuate certain
fundamental corporate changes such as a merger or an amendment to the Company s articles of incorporation. 

Holders of the Company s common stock are
entitled to share in all dividends that the Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the
event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that
remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The
Company s common stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights, and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the
Company s common stock. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 f10k2021ex10-15_sunhydro.htm
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND GEBR. SCHMID GMBH

Exhibit 10.15 

Extension Agreement 

between 

SunHydrogen, Inc 

1 OE Yanonali Street Suite 36 
 Santa Barbara, CA 93101 

- SUNHYDROGEN - 

and 

Gebr. SCHMID GmbH 
 Robert-Bosch-Strar.ie 32-36 

72250 Freudenstadt 
 Germany 

- SCHMID - 

Recitals: 

SCHMID has developed several tool and
process platforms for industrial processing of flat and continuous substrates for the electronic, PV, medical and commodity industries.
Besides having decades of experience in providing tools to the industry in the field of specialized immersion and single side chemical
treatment such as anodizing, chemical deburring, etching, cleaning and chemical bath deposition, electro and electroless plat ing, thin
film deposition in ambient and low pressure environment, one of the major strengths of the company is to industrialize processes from
lab to mass manufacturing. 

SUNHYDROGEN has developed a breakthrough
nanoparticle technology to make green hydrogen using sunlight and any source of water. SUNHYDROGEN seeks to identify and develop manufacturing
processes to scale-up second generation Gen2 nanoparticle technology to transition from lab-scale to commercial scale. 

SUNHYDROGEN and SCHMID have entered
into a Cooperation Agreement with an effective date March 1, 2021 Cooperation Agreement with a duration of 6 months.
SUNDHYDROGEN and SCHMID intend to extend the Cooperation Agreement until De cember 31, 2021. 

Page 1 of 2 

1. Extention 

In order
to satisfy its respective obligations in accordance with the Cooperation Agreement, SUNHYDROGEN and SCHMID hereby agree to extend the
Cooperation Agreement until December 31, 2021 Extension Period ). 

2. Miscellaneous 

All provisions of the Cooperation Agreement
will remain in full force and effect unless amended in this Extension Agreement. If there is a conflict between this Extension Agreement
and the Cooperation Agreement, this Extension Agreement will prevail. 

Freudenstadt,
 September 28, 2021 
 
 Santa
 Barbara, September 28, 2021 

Gebr.
 SCHMID GmbH 
 
 SunHydrogen
 Inc. 

/s/
 Christian Schmid 

Name:
 Christian Schmid 
 
 Name:
 Tim Young 

Title: CEO 
 
 Title:
 CEO 

Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 f10k2021ex10-16_sunhydro.htm
 CONTRACT, DATED SEPTEMBER 1, 2021, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA, IOWA CITY

Exhibit 10.16 

CONTRACT # K311000-C 

THIS AGREEMENT
effective this 1st of September 2021, by and between SunHydrogen, Inc (hereafter referred to as Sponsor and
The University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa, a non-profit educational institution (hereinafter referred to as University ). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the research
program contemplated by this Agreement is of mutual interest and benefit to University and to Sponsor, will further the instructional
and research objectives of University in a manner consistent with its status as a non- profit, tax-exempt, educational institution, and
may derive benefits for both Sponsor and University through inventions, improvements, and/or discoveries; 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree to the following: 

ARTICLE 1 - Definitions 

As used herein, the
following terms shall have the following meanings: 

1.1 Project 
shall mean the description of the project as described in Exhibit A hereof, under the direction of Syed Mubeen as Principal Investigator. 

1.2 Contract Period is Sep 1, 2021, through
Aug 31, 2022. 

1.3 University Intellectual
Property shall mean individually and collectively all inventions, improvements and/or discoveries which are conceived and/or made
(i) by one or more employees of University, or (ii) jointly by one or more employees of University and by one or more employees/consultants
of Sponsor, in performance of the Project. 

ARTICLE 2 - Research Work 

2.1 University shall commence
performance of the Project promptly after the effective date of this Agreement, and shall use all reasonable efforts, care, and diligence
to perform such Project in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding,
Sponsor and University may at any time amend the Project by mutual written agreement. 

2.2 In the event that the
Principal Investigator becomes unable or unwilling to continue the Project, and a mutually acceptable substitute is not available, University
and/or Sponsor shall have the option to terminate said Project pursuant to Article 10.1. 

2.3 The University does not
comply with Good Laboratory Practices (GLPs) as defined by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 21 C.F.R. 58. 

- 1 - 

ARTICLE 3 - Reports and Conferences 

3.1 Written program reports
shall be provided by University to Sponsor every six (6) months, and a final report shall be submitted by University within forty-five
(45) days of the conclusion of the Contract Period, or the earlier termination of this Agreement. 

3.2 During the term of this
Agreement, representatives of University will meet with representatives of Sponsor at times and places mutually agreed upon to discuss
the progress and results, as well as ongoing plans, or changes therein, of the Project to be performed hereunder. 

ARTICLE 4 - Costs, Billings,
and Other Support 

4.1 It
 is agreed to and understood by the parties hereto that, subject to Article 2, total costs
 to Sponsor hereunder shall not exceed the sum of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
 350,000 ). Payment shall be made by Sponsor according to the following schedule:
 Four (4) Quarterly Payments of 87,500 

4.2 Invoices shall be submitted
to the Sponsor representative listed in Article 17 for submission of invoices. Payments to University shall include Sponsor name, Principal
Investigator name, project title and shall be submitted to the University representative listed in Article 17 for payment remittance. 

4.3 University shall retain
title to any equipment purchased with funds provided by Sponsor under this Agreement. 

4.4 Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, in the event of early termination of this Agreement by Sponsor pursuant to Article 10.1 hereof, Sponsor shall
pay all costs accrued by University as of the date of termination, including non-cancelable obligations, which shall include all non-cancelable
contracts and fellowships or postdoctoral associate appointments called for in Appendix A, incurred prior to the effective date of termination.
After termination, any obligation of Sponsor for fellowships or postdoctoral associates shall end no later than the end of University s
academic year following termination. 

ARTICLE 5 - Publicity 

5.1 Sponsor shall not use the name of University, nor of any member of University s
Project staff, in any publicity, advertising, or news release or in any way imply endorsement of the University without the prior written
approval of an authorized representative of University. University shall not use the name of Sponsor, nor any employee of Sponsor, in
any publicity without the prior written approval of Sponsor. University may disclose, without Sponsor s approval, the terms of this
Agreement that are a matter of public record under the Iowa Open Records Law, Iowa Code Chapter 22. 

ARTICLE 6 - Publications 

6.1 Sponsor recognizes that under University policy, the results of University research
must be publishable and agrees that researchers engaged in the Project shall be permitted to present research results at symposia, national
or regional professional meetings, and to publish in journals, theses or dissertations, or otherwise of their own choosing, methods and
results of the Project, provided, however, that Sponsor shall have been furnished copies of any proposed publication or presentation at
least one (1) month in advance of the submission of such proposed publication or presentation to a journal, editor, or other third party.
Sponsor shall have thirty (30) days, after receipt of said copies, to object to such proposed presentation or proposed publication because
there is patentable subject matter or proprietary information of Sponsor that needs protection. In the event that Sponsor makes such objection,
said researcher(s) shall refrain from making such publication or presentation for a maximum of six (6) months from date of receipt of
such objection in order for University to file patent application(s) with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or foreign
patent office(s) directed to the patentable subject matter contained in the proposed publication or presentation. Sponsor does not possess
a right to delay publication if the publication or presentation contains only findings and conclusions of basic science or results that
would not affect the ability of Sponsor to obtain a patent. 

- 2 - 

ARTICLE 7 - Proprietary Information 

7.1 It is the responsibility
of Sponsor to mark or otherwise identify in writing prior to submission any information considered confidential that it deems necessary
to share with University Confidential Information ). Oral disclosures of Confidential Information shall be identified as
confidential at the time of disclosure and confirmed in writing within ten (10) business days of the disclosure. University shall have
the right to accept or reject Sponsor s Confidential Information. If such information is accepted it will be withheld by University
from publication, and in all other respects shall be maintained by University as confidential and proprietary to Sponsor for a period
of five (5) years after
termination of this Agreement. University shall have no such obligation with respect to any portion of such Confidential Information which: 

a) is or later becomes generally
available to the public by use, publication or the like, through no fault of University; 

b) is obtained on a non-confidential
basis from a third party who disclosed the same to University; 

c) University already possesses,
as evidenced by its written records, predating receipt thereof from Sponsor; or 

d) is required to be disclosed by law, regulation
or court order. 

7.2 All documentation concerning
University Intellectual Property submitted to Sponsor in accordance with Article 8.4 shall be treated as confidential in order to preserve
any patent rights. 

ARTICLE 8 - Intellectual Property 

8.1 All rights, title and
interest to University Intellectual Property under the Project, except as provided in Article 8.3, shall belong to University and shall
be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

8.2 Rights to inventions, improvements, and/or
 discoveries, whether patentable or copyrightable or not, relating to the Project made solely by employees /consultants
of Sponsor shall belong to Sponsor. Such inventions, improvements, and/or discoveries shall not be subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement. 

8.3 Rights to inventions,
improvements, and/or discoveries conceived and/or made during the Contract Period, whether patentable or copyrightable or not, relating
to the Project, which are made jointly by employees of University and employees/consultants of Sponsor, shall be the joint property of
University and Sponsor and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

8.4 University will promptly
notify Sponsor of any University Intellectual Property conceived and/or made during the Contract Period under the Project. If Sponsor
directs that a patent application or application for other intellectual property protection be filed, University shall promptly prepare,
file, and prosecute such U.S. and foreign application in University s name, and Sponsor s name if jointly invented. Sponsor shall
bear all costs incurred in connection with such preparation, filing, prosecution, and maintenance of U.S. and foreign
application(s) directed to said University Intellectual Property. Sponsor shall cooperate with University to assure that such application(s)
will cover, to the best of Sponsor s knowledge, all items of commercial interest and importance. While University shall be responsible
for making decisions regarding scope and content of application(s) to be filed and prosecution thereof, Sponsor shall be given an opportunity
to review and provide input thereto. University shall keep Sponsor advised as to all developments with respect to such application(s)
and shall promptly supply to Sponsor copies of all papers received and filed in connection with the prosecution thereof in sufficient
time for Sponsor to comment thereon. 

8.5 If Sponsor elects not
to exercise its option granted in Article 9.1 or decides to discontinue the financial support of the prosecution and maintenance of the
patent protection, all right, title and interest in such patent, patent application, and University Intellectual Property shall automatically
revert to University. University shall then be free to file or continue prosecution or maintain any such application(s), and to maintain
any protection issuing thereon in the U.S. and in any foreign country at University s sole expense. 

- 3 - 

ARTICLE 9 - Grant of Rights 

9.1 Subject to Article 8.3,
University grants Sponsor the first option to elect an exclusive license to University Intellectual Property developed under this Agreement,
and a right to sub-license any and all University Intellectual Property developed under this Agreement on terms and conditions to be mutually
agreed upon. If Sponsor elects to exercise this option, Sponsor shall notify University
in writing of its decision within one (1) year from the date of termination of this Agreement. 

9.2 No grant described in
this Article shall be construed to limit University s right to utilize University Intellectual Property for research, instruction
or academic publication purposes. 

ARTICLE 10 - Term and Termination 

10.1 This Agreement shall
become effective upon the date first hereinabove written and shall continue in effect for the full duration of the Contract Period unless
sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article. The parties hereto may, however, extend the term of this Agreement
for additional periods as desired under mutually agreeable terms and conditions which the parties reduce to writing and sign. Either party
may terminate this Agreement upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other. 

10.2 In the event that either
party hereto shall commit any material breach or default in any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, and also shall fail to remedy
such default or breach within ninety (90) days after receipt of written notice thereof from the other party hereto, the party giving notice
may, at its option and in addition to any other remedies which it may have at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement by sending notice
of termination in writing to the other party to such effect, and such termination shall be effective as of the date of the receipt of
such notice. 

10.3 Termination of this Agreement
by either party for any reason shall not affect the rights and obligations of the parties accrued prior to the effective date of termination
of this Agreement. No termination of this Agreement, however effectuated, shall release the parties hereto from their rights and obligations
under Articles 3.1, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11. 

ARTICLE 11 - Independent Contractor 

11.1 In the performance of all services hereunder University shall
be deemed to be and shall be an independent contractor and, as such, University shall not be entitled to any benefits applicable to employees
of Sponsor. 

11.2 Neither party is authorized or empowered to act as agent for the other for any
purpose and shall not on behalf of the other enter into any contract, warranty, or representation as to any matter. Neither shall be bound
to the acts or conduct of the other. 

ARTICLE 12 Insurance 

12.1 Each party shall be liable
for any and all claims for wrongful death, personal injury or property damage attributable to the negligent acts or omissions of that
party and the officers, employees, and agents thereof. 

- 4 - 

12.2 University shall be responsible
and agrees to pay for any and all claims for wrongful death, personal injury or property damage directly resulting from the negligence
of University, its officers, employees and agents, and arising from activities under this Agreement to the full extent permitted by Chapter
669, Code of Iowa, which is the exclusive remedy for processing tort claims against the State of Iowa. 

ARTICLE 13 - Governing Law 

13.1 This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the substantive
laws of the State of Iowa, excluding its conflict of laws provisions. 

ARTICLE 14 - Assignment 

14.1 This Agreement shall
not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the parties hereto. 

14.2 This Agreement is assignable
to any division of Sponsor, any majority stockholder of Sponsor, and/or any subsidiary of Sponsor, provided that such assignee assumes
all of the rights, obligations and liabilities of Sponsor hereunder. 

ARTICLE 15 - Agreement Modification 

15.1 Any agreement to change the terms of this Agreement in any way shall be valid
only if the change is made in writing and approved by mutual agreement of authorized representatives of the parties hereto. 

ARTICLE 16 - Warranties 

16.1 NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

ARTICLE 17 Export
Control 

17.1 The disclosing party agrees to share any export control determinations when products,
services, and/or technical data under this Agreement are subject to export controls under U.S. Government export laws and regulations;
however, each party will be solely responsible for compliance with U.S. Government export laws and regulations. 

ARTICLE 18 - Notices 

18.1 Notices, invoices, and
communications, hereunder shall be given by registered or certified mail, or express delivery service, postage or delivery charge prepaid,
and addressed to the party to receive such notice, invoice, or communication at the address given below, or such other address as may
hereafter be designated by notice in writing. Notice shall be deemed made on the date of receipt. 

- 5 - 

If to Sponsor: 

Woosuk Kim, COO SunHydrogen, Inc 

 Phone: 

 E-mail:tyoung@sunhydrogen.com 

For Submission of Invoices: 

SunHydrogen, Inc. 

 32 E. Micheltorena, Suite A 

 Santa Barbara, CA 93101 

 Phone: 

 Fax: 805-617-3601 

 E-mail: tyoung@sunhydrogen.com 

If to University: The University of Iowa 

Division of Sponsored Programs Attention: 

 2 Gilmore Hall 

 Iowa City, Iowa 52242 Phone: 

 E-mail: 

For Payment Remittance: 

The University of Iowa Grant Accounting Office 2410 UCC,
201 S Clinton St 

 Iowa City, Iowa 52242-1316 

 Phone: 319-335-3801 

 Fax: 319-335-0674 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties, duly authorized, have executed this Agreement in duplicate as of the day and year first written above. 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. (SPONSOR) 
 
 THE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA 

By: 
 Woosuk Kim 
 
 By: 
 Wendy Beaver 

Title: 
 COO 
 
 Title: 
 Executive Director of Sponsored Programs 

Date: 

Date: 

Rev. 03/30/2012 

-6- 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 5
 f10k2021ex10-17_sunhydro.htm
 RESEARCH AGREEMENT, DATED OCTOBER 1, 2021, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN

Exhibit 10.17 

RESEARCH AGREEMENT 

THIS AGREEMENT , effective on the 1st day of October 2021, is
between SunHydrogen, Inc., a for-profit corporation Sponsor and the REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, a non-profit
educational institution of the State of Michigan University ). 

WHEREAS , the research program contemplated by this Agreement
is of mutual interest and benefit to University and to Sponsor, will further the instructional and research objectives of University in
a manner consistent with its status as a non-profit, tax-exempt, educational institution, and may derive benefits for both Sponsor and
University through inventions, improvements, or discoveries; and 

WHEREAS , Sponsor understands and accepts that research by its
nature is to explore, examine, and test ideas, hypothesis and/or theories and the outcome of a research effort is inherently uncertain. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the above assumptions and
the promises and mutual covenants below, the parties agree to the following: 

ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS 

1.1 Project means the research project described in ORSP
 22-PAF00982 under the direction of Nirala Singh as Principal Investigator entitled Manufacturing
Science to Increase Efficiency of Photoelectrosynthetically Active Heterostructures for H2 Production. 

1.2 Contract Period is from October 1, 2021, through September
30, 2022, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement. 

1.3 Intellectual Property means Joint Intellectual Property,
Sponsor Intellectual Property, and University Intellectual Property. 

1.4 Joint Intellectual Property means individually and
collectively all inventions, improvements or discoveries which are made jointly as defined in U.S. Patent law by one or more employees
of Sponsor and one or more employees of University in performance of the Project during Contract Period. 

1.5 Sponsor Intellectual Property means any and all inventions,
improvements or discoveries which are conceived or made solely as defined by U.S. Patent law by one or more employees of Sponsor. 

1.6 University Intellectual Property means any and all
inventions, improvements or discoveries which are conceived or made solely as defined by U.S. Patent law by one or more employees of University
in performance of the Project during Contract Period. 

Page 1 of 8 

1.7 Commercial Sales refer to the first Sale, rental,
or lease by Sponsor or Sponsor s Sublicensee of Licensed Product or Licensed Process. 

1.8 Patent Rights means University s legal rights
under the patent laws of the United States or relevant foreign countries for all of the University s interest in University Intellectual
Property and/or Joint Intellectual Property. 

1.9 Sale means sale, rental, or lease, however characterized,
and Sold means the past tense of SALE. 

1.91 Sublicensee(s) means any person or entity in writing
sublicensed, or granted an option for a sublicense, by Sponsor or another Sublicensee under this Agreement. 

1.92 Licensed Process(es) means any process or method
that, but for this Agreement, comprises an infringement of (including contributory or inducement), or is covered by, an issued, unexpired
claim or a pending claim contained in the Patent Rights or employs a Licensed Product. 

1.93 Licensed Product(s) means any product that: (a)
but for this Agreement comprises an infringement of (including contributory or inducement), or is covered by, an issued, unexpired claim
or a pending claim contained in the Patent Rights in the country in which any such product or product part is made, used, imported, offered
for Sale or Sold; or (b) is manufactured by using a Licensed Process or is employed to practice a Licensed Process. 

ARTICLE 2 - RESEARCH WORK 

2.1 University and Sponsor will use reasonable efforts to perform the
Project substantially in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

2.2 In the event that the Principal Investigator becomes unable or
unwilling to continue Project, and a mutually acceptable substitute is not available, University or Sponsor has the option to terminate
the Project. 

ARTICLE 3 - REPORTS AND CONFERENCES 

3.1 University will periodically provide written program reports to
Sponsor. The University will submit a final report at the conclusion of the Contract Period. 

3.2 During the Contract Period, representatives of the University may
meet with representatives of Sponsor at times and places mutually agreed upon to discuss the progress and results as well as ongoing plans,
or changes in the Project. 

Page 2 of 8 

ARTICLE 4 - COSTS, BILLINGS, AND OTHER SUPPORT 

4.1 Total costs to Sponsor will not exceed Two Hundred Ninety Six Thousand,
Four Hundred Forty Eight Dollars 296,448) which shall be paid by Sponsor in equal quarterly installments during the Contract Period.
Payment will be made by Sponsor within 30 days of receipt of an invoice. Notice of any dispute regarding the charges in an invoice must
be provided in accordance with Article 16 and include a description of the item(s) in dispute and a reasonably detailed explanation of
the reason for the dispute. Sponsor will be billed monthly for actual charges incurred by the University. Any dispute regarding the charges
in the final invoice must be made within 90 days after receipt. 

4.2 University will retain title to any equipment purchased with funds
provided by Sponsor under this Agreement. 

4.3 In the event of early termination of the Project by Sponsor, Sponsor
will pay all costs accrued by University as of the date of termination, including non-cancelable obligations, such as non-cancelable contracts
and fellowships or postdoctoral associate appointments called for in Project. Any obligation of Sponsor for fellowships or postdoctoral
associates end no later than the end of University s academic year during which termination occurs. 

ARTICLE 5 - PUBLICITY 

Sponsor will not use the name of University, nor of any member of University s
Project staff, in any advertising, news release or other promotional activity without the prior written approval of an authorized representative
of University, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. University will not use the name of Sponsor, nor any employee of Sponsor,
in any advertising or other promotional activity without the prior written approval of Sponsor. Both parties retain any right to disclose
the existence of this Agreement, the identity of the parties, or the nature and scope of the Project. University understands that Sponsor
is subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and shall
not be prohibited from making any required disclosure with respect to this Agreement in compliance with the Exchange Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, including the filing of this Agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ARTICLE 6 - PUBLICATIONS 

6.1 Subject to the following terms, the University has the right to
publish, publicly present, or otherwise make available to the public the results, analysis, and methods relating to the University Project
(a Disclosure of Results ). The University will notify Sponsor at least twenty (20) days in advance of the earlier of either
(a) the submission to a third party, such as a journal, of a proposed publication or public presentation that would include a Disclosure
of Results or (b) other public Disclosure of the Results, and furnish a description of the content therein. 

6.2 If the content would contain either (a) patentable subject matter
that is Intellectual Property of any party under Article 7 or (b) Confidential Information disclosed pursuant to Article 15, then Sponsor
has the right to object in writing to the Disclosure of the Results within twenty (20) days after the University furnishes such description.
If Sponsor makes a timely objection under clause 6.2(a) and concurrently makes a direction under Section 7.2 below, then University will
refrain from the Disclosure of the Results until the University files patent application in accordance with Section 7.2 or sixty days
from the date of the objection, whichever is earlier. If Sponsor makes a timely objection under clause 6.2(b), then University will comply
with Sponsor s reasonable request to delete or modify information that is Confidential Information, giving due recognition to University s
missions and interests in publishing the result of University projects. 

Page 3 of 8 

ARTICLE 7 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

7.1 All rights and title to University Intellectual Property are owned
by University. All rights and title to Joint Intellectual Property are jointly owned by Sponsor and University. All rights and title to
Sponsor Intellectual Property are owned by Sponsor. 

7.2 Each party will notify the other party if it becomes aware of any
potentially patentable University Intellectual Property or Joint Intellectual Property, and provide a description thereof. If Sponsor
so directs University within thirty (30) days after such notification, then (a) University will promptly prepare, file, and prosecute
a U.S. and any appropriate foreign application(s) covering the University Intellectual Property or Joint Intellectual Property Patents and (b) Sponsor will promptly reimburse University for all reasonable fees and costs relating to such activities. 

7.3 University has the right to control all aspects of filing, prosecuting,
and maintaining the Patents. University will furnish to Sponsor copies of all papers received from or filed with governmental patent offices
in connection with the prosecution of Patents in sufficient time for Sponsor to comment upon them. Sponsor will hold such information
confidential and to use the information provided by University only for the purpose of advancing University s rights in the Patents.
Sponsor will cooperate with University to assure that such Patents will cover, to the best of Sponsor s knowledge, all items of commercial
interest and importance, which will include keeping University apprised of Sponsor s relevant products in commerce and development. 

7.4 Sponsor may elect to discontinue or refrain from reimbursing University
for fees and costs relating to any given patent or application within the Patents. If Sponsor discontinues, refrains, or fails to promptly
reimburse University for all fees and costs relating to a given patent or application, then University may elect to continue the prosecution
and/or maintenance of such patent or application at University s sole expense and all Sponsor s ownership and option rights
in the applicable patents or patent applications shall be and are hereby terminated and transferred to the University, without the need
for additional documentation. 

Page 4 of 8 

ARTICLE 8 - GRANT OF RIGHTS 

8.1 University does and shall hereby grant Sponsor a royalty-free,
non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license to use University Intellectual Property for internal research and development purposes. 

8.2 A) Provided that Sponsor has fulfilled its obligations under Section
7.2 above, University does and shall hereby grant to Sponsor a world-wide, exclusive, freely sub-licensable license to the Patent Rights
to make, have made, import, use, market, offer for Sale and sell Licensed Products and to practice Licensed Processes. In exchange for
this grant, Sponsor agrees to pay University a nonrefundable technology fee as follows: 

i) Upfront technology fee in the amount of 15,000 within thirty (30)
days of receipt of an invoice. 

 ii) 100,000 upon first commercial use resulting in Commercial Sales. 

8.2 (B) If Sponsor stops supporting the legal and official fees for
a particular licensed patent, design or application thereof within the University Foreground IP, and the University assumes the financial
and other responsibilities for that patent, design or application, then Sponsor s license under 8.2(A) is and shall be terminated. If
Sponsor fails to make payment pursuant to section 8.2(A) the grant in Section 8.2(A) shall be and is hereby terminated without the need
for additional documentation. 

8.3 In the event that Sponsor acquires an exclusive license or right
under this Agreement, 

 University specifically reserves the right for it and its affiliates
to practice and have practiced the University Intellectual Property or Joint Intellectual Property, for research, public service, internal
(including clinical) and/or educational purposes, and the right to grant the same limited rights to other non-profit research institutions. 

8.4 The licenses granted in this Agreement are subject to any rights
required to be granted under prior research or sponsorship agreements, or retained by the U.S. government, for example in accordance with
Chapter 18 of Title 35 of U.S.C. 200-212 and the regulations thereunder (37 CFR Part 401), when applicable. Sponsor agrees to comply in
all respects, and shall provide University with all reasonably requested information and cooperation for University to comply with applicable
provisions of the same and any requirements of any agreements between University and any agency of the U.S. government that provided funding
for the subject matter covered by the University Intellectual Property or Joint Intellectual Property. 

ARTICLE 9 - TERM AND TERMINATION 

9.1 This Agreement is effective upon the date first written above and
continues in effect for the full duration of the Contract Period. The parties may extend the term of this Agreement for additional periods
under mutually agreeable terms and conditions which the parties reduce to writing and sign. Either party may terminate this agreement
upon ninety days prior written notice to the other. 

9.2 If either party breaches or defaults on any of the terms or conditions
of this Agreement, and fails to remedy the default or breach within ninety days after receipt of written notice of it from the other party,
the party giving notice may, at its option and in addition to any other remedies which it may have at law or in equity, terminate this
Agreement by sending notice of termination in writing to the other party. The termination shall be effective as of the date of the receipt
of the notice or 3 days after sending, whichever occurs first. 

9.3 No termination of this Agreement, however effectuated, shall release
the parties from their rights and obligations accrued prior to the effective date of termination. 

Page 5 of 8 

ARTICLE 10 - INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR 

10.1 Under this Agreement the University s relation to Sponsor
is solely that of an independent contractor and neither party s employees are entitled to any benefits applicable to employees of
the other; 

10.2 Neither party is authorized or empowered to act as agent for the
other for any purpose and may not on behalf of the other enter into any contract, warranty or representation on any matter. Neither shall
be bound by the acts or conduct of the other. 

ARTICLE 11 - INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION 

11.1 University warrants and represents that University has adequate
liability insurance applicable to officers, employees, and agents while acting within the scope of their employment by University. University
liability insurance policies do not extend protection to any other person. 

11.2 Each party assumes all risks of personal injury and property damage
attributable to the negligent acts or omissions of its own officers, employees, and agents. 

11.3 Sponsor understands that the University is an educational institution
created under Article 8, Section 5 of the State of Michigan Constitution of 1963. The University, as a state institution, has strict limitations
imposed upon its use of assets and consequently the University does not and cannot pay for any claims against Sponsor brought by third
parties related to this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 12 - GOVERNING LAW 

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of Michigan without regard for principles of choice of law. Any claims, demands, or actions arising from this Agreement
shall be brought in the state of Michigan. Sponsor, its successors and assigns, consent to the jurisdiction of a court with applicable
subject matter jurisdiction sitting in the state of Michigan with respect to any claims arising under this agreement. 

ARTICLE 13 - ASSIGNMENT 

13.1 Except as provided in Section 13.2, this Agreement may not be
assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other. 

13.2 This Agreement is assignable to any division of Sponsor, any majority
stockholder of Sponsor, or any legally controlled subsidiary of Sponsor. 

ARTICLE 14 - AGREEMENT MODIFICATION 

Any agreement to change the terms of this Agreement in any way shall
be valid only if the change is made in writing and signed by authorized representatives of the parties hereto. 

Page 6 of 8 

ARTICLE 15 - CONFIDENTIALITY 

15.1 University agrees to use confidential or proprietary information
and data acquired from Sponsor and identified as confidential or proprietary at the time of disclosure Confidential Information only in performing the services of this Agreement and not to disclose to any third party any Confidential Information during and for a
period of five (5) years from the date of disclosure provided that if Confidential Information is disclosed orally or in other non-tangible
form, Sponsor will supply the University in writing a general description of the Confidential Information and confirmation of its confidential
or proprietary status within twenty (20) working days of disclosure. 

15.2 The obligation to protect Confidential Information shall not apply
to any information that: (1) is already in the possession of, or is independently developed by, University; (2) becomes publicly available
other than through breach of this provision; (3) is received by University from a third party with authorization to make the disclosure;
(4) is released with Sponsor s written consent; or (5) is required to be released by legal process or other legal authority provided that,
to the extent permitted by law, University shall notify Sponsor in writing of such disclosure and University shall take reasonable and
lawful steps to facilitate any legal process initiated by Sponsor in connection with any protective order or remedy sought by Sponsor
in connection with such order. 

ARTICLE 16 - NOTICES 

Any notice to either party must be in writing, signed by the party
giving it, and served to the addresses below (or to such other addressee as may be later designated by written notice) by personal delivery,
recognized overnight courier service with package tracking, or by the United States mail, first-class, certified or registered, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices are effective when received or within three days of sending, whichever occurs first. 

If to Sponsor: 

Attn: Woosuk Kim 

10 E. Yanonali St, suite 36 

Santa Barbara, CA 
 
 93101 

wkim@sunhydrogen.com ________________________ 

If to University: 
 
 University of Michigan 

Office of Research and Sponsored Projects 

3003 S. State St., 

Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1274 

Attn: Kate Chie 

Page 7 of 8 

ARTICLE 17 SEVERABILITY 

The terms of this Agreement are severable. If any term or provision
is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the provisions shall continue
to be valid and enforceable. 

ARTICLE 18 WAIVER 

Unless a specific time limitation is specified, no delay or omission
by either party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement shall be construed to be either acquiescence or the waiver of the
ability to exercise any right or remedy in the future. 

ARTICLE 19 NO THIRD PARTY RIGHTS 

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating or giving
rise to any rights in third parties or persons other than the named parties to this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 20 EXECUTION 

This Agreement may be signed in several originals, which together constitute
a single Agreement. The parties agree that a signature on any one of the originals and delivered by facsimile or email are valid, binding
and enforceable. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement has been mutually discussed, negotiated, drafted by the parties
and no provision may be interpreted adversely to a party as a presumed drafter. 

ARTICLE 21 SURVIVEABILILTY 

Provisions surviving termination or expiration of this Agreement are
those which on their face affect rights and obligations after termination or expiration, including provisions concerning indemnification,
confidentiality, warranty and choice of law and venue. 

AGREED TO: 

THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY 
 
 SunHydrogen, Inc. 
 
 OF MICHIGAN 

By 
 /s/ Woosuk Kim 
 
 By 
 /s/ Peter J. Gerard 

Typed Name Woosuk Kim 
 
 Typed Name Peter J. Gerard 

Title Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Title Asst. Director--Sponsored Programs 

Page 8 of 8 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 f10k2021ex23-1_sunhydro.htm
 CONSENT OF M&K CPAS, LLC

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252523) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-228900) of our report dated October
8, 2021, relating to the financial statements of SunHydrogen, Inc. (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2021, which
appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

Houston, Texas 

 October 8, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2021ex31-1_sunhydro.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND ACTING CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SARBANES-OXLEY SECTION 302

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Timothy Young, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of SunHydrogen, Inc. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 8, 2021 

By: 
 /s/ Timothy Young 

Timothy Young 

Chief Executive Officer Acting Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2021ex32-1_sunhydro.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND ACTING CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of SunHydrogen, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Young, Chief Executive Officer Acting Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) Information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 8, 2021 
 /s/ Timothy Young 

By: Timothy Young 

Its: Chief Executive Officer Acting Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hysr-20210630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hysr-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hysr-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hysr-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hysr-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

