<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211021_10-K_edgar_data_1699126_0001640334-21-002616.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1448595</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92890</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>301595</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>376150</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>264714</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>377840</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-21-002616.hdr.sgml : 20211021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211021151853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-21-002616
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ciclet Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001699126
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-217387
		FILM NUMBER:		211336778

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		B11 L12 WOODPECKER STREET
		STREET 2:		BOUGAINVILLEA VILLAGE
		CITY:			AGUS LAPULAPU CITY
		STATE:			R6
		ZIP:			6015 CEBU
		BUSINESS PHONE:		639054201506

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		B11 L12 WOODPECKER STREET
		STREET 2:		BOUGAINVILLEA VILLAGE
		CITY:			AGUS LAPULAPU CITY
		STATE:			R6
		ZIP:			6015 CEBU

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-21-002616.txt : 20211021

10-K
 1
 ciclet_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

ciclet_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT For the transition period from ____________ to ______________ Commission file number : [ ] (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , CEBU (Address of principal executive offices) + (Registrant s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: OTC Pink Sheet, Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes Indicate by check mark the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the issuer s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of July 31, 2020 was . The number of shares of the issuer s common stock outstanding as of October 13, 2021 was shares, par value 0.00001 per share. CICLET HOLDINGS INC. FORM 10-K Year Ended January 31, 2021 INDEX Page PART 1 ITEM 1 Business 3 ITEM 1A Risk Factors 16 ITEM 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 16 ITEM 2 Properties 17 ITEM 3 Legal Proceedings 17 ITEM 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 17 PART II ITEM 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 18 ITEM 6 Selected Financial Data 19 ITEM 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 ITEM 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 21 ITEM 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 ITEM 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 22 ITEM 9A Controls and Procedures 22 ITEM 9B Other Information 22 PART III ITEM 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 23 ITEM 11 Executive Compensation 24 ITEM 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 25 ITEM 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 26 ITEM 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 26 ITEM 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 27 SIGNATURES 28 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report ), including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future results of Ciclet Holdings Inc. (the Company that are based on management s current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions about the Company s business. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, sees, estimates and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and elsewhere in this Report as well as those discussed from time to time in the Company s other Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports. In addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report. If we update or correct one or more forward-looking statements, investors and others should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections with respect to other forward-looking statements. 2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Background Ciclet Holdings Inc. (the Company was incorporated on June 30, 2016 under the laws of the State of Nevada. Our registered statutory office is located at 723 S. Casino Centre Blvd., 2 nd Floor, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89101-6716, Tel: +639054201506. Our fiscal year end is January 31. The primary goal for Ciclet Holdings Inc., is to allow consumers to find reliable and professional local services by using the location data of a person s location through the use of a device that sends out the location of the person via their smart phone or tablet. We are a company focused on creating service driven apps and services for Location-based services LBS which are a general class of computer program-level services that use location data of a person s location to control features. Our first market will be in the Philippines. As at the date of this Form 10-K, we do not have any saleable products or existing customers. Our app and services as well as our website are all in the development stage. We have no operations, sales or revenues, and an accumulated deficit of 112,638, therefore we rely upon the sale of our securities and advances from our majority shareholder to fund our operations. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on the accompanying financial statements as of and for the years ended January 31, 2021and 2020 has expressed substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. We have no technology or software development capabilities and do not intend to develop any technology or software. We will rely on third party contractors for the development of our app and back end software panel that we intend to offer our services to customers through our website. Our technology and app is being developed and designed for the Company based on an initial deposit with the balance of it being paid on completion. The Company has completed an agreement with a software developer that developed and designed a location based service app that will allow a consumer to meet a certain service that they require. For example, if a consumer needs the service of food delivery, a mover, a massage therapist, a handyman, a cleaner, or general help, in just the tap of a button, consumers are matched to professionals, based on availability and location and who can arrive in minutes to the consumer s location. The software agreement also allows the company to receive support and maintenance, and allows the development of the software, programs, source code and object code, comments to the source or object code, specifications, documents, abstracts and summaries shall belong exclusively to the Company. However, a new agreement is required to update the software and the changes in technology and the way smart devices interacts with location services needs to be upgraded. We are a small early stage company. To date, the Company s activities have been limited to the sourcing of software developer, its advertising channels, initial branding efforts, and in its formation and the raising of equity capital. Our only assets since inception (June 30, 2016) are our cash and cash equivalents at January 31, 2021, consisting of approximately 3,700 in cash generated from the issuance of shares of Company common stock to our founder and independent investors as well as cash advancement from our director. We plan to derive revenue by way of the usage of our app by our future customers. Our business and corporate address B11 L12 Woodpecker Street Bougainvillea Village Agus Lapulapu City, Philipines 66015 CEBU . Our telephone number is Tel: + 632 631-4648/+632 687-0011 and our registered agent for service of process is Resident Agents of Nevada Inc. 723 S. Casino Centre Blvd., 2nd Floor, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89101-6716. Our fiscal year end is January 31. We received our initial funding of 20,000 through the sale of common stock to our sole officer and director, who purchased 10,000,000 of our common stock at 0.002 on June 30, 2016, for 20,000. During the year ended January 31, 2018, the Company issued 5,851,001 common shares for proceeds of 35,107 to independent investors through private placement. 3 Table of Contents About The Company The primary goal for Ciclet Holdings Inc., is to allow consumers looking for services to find reliable and professional local service providers by using the location data of a person s location through the use of a device that sends out the location of the person via their smart phone or tablet. As at the date of this Form 10-K we do not have any saleable products or existing customers, nor have any of the functions and features of our technology and apps been developed. An example of this location based service would be if a consumer needs the service of food delivery, a mover, a massage therapist, a handyman, a cleaner, or general help, in just the tap of a button, consumers are matched to professionals, based on availability and location and who can arrive in minutes to the consumer s location. This is the foundation of Ciclet s service, which initially will be free for consumers to join, and Ciclet s business model will then charge a commission on each job booked and payment is made simple with Ciclet s real-time mobile payment system, which offers service providers instant payment via their mobile device once a job is completed. We are a company focused on creating service driven apps and services for Location-based services LBS which are a general class of computer program-level services that use location data of a person s location to control features. As such LBS is an information service and has a number of uses in social networking today, which is accessible with mobile devices through the mobile network and which uses information on the geographical position of the individual s mobile device. This has become more and more important with the expansion of the smartphone and tablet markets as well. An example of an LBS is Uber, which is a smartphone app which provides on-demand service to users. It connects willing passengers to drivers. In our case we will begin our first location based services around the concept of providing a Home Ciclet type of service which will allow customers to request such direct to home services. These services could include dry cleaning pick up, grocery pick up, home cleaning, electrical work, roofing, plumbing, lawn care, handyman, general contracting, carpet cleaning, painting, landscaping, pressure washing, or interior designing. The service providers would be located in the Ciclet s database of providers in the customer s given area. If we are successful, in growing the Home Ciclet segment of our business we will then develop our app to include: Stage 2 : The Events Ciclet which would include such things as wedding planning, DJs, catering, bartending, photography, party planning, magicians, face painting, make up, and floral services. If this second part of our business is successful we will open up our third segment. Stage 3 : We will then develop in our app the Lesson Ciclet which would include such services offered as piano lessons, math and language tutoring, self-defence lessons, music lessons, dance lessons, acting lessons, drawing and painting lessons. Stage 4 : Our fourth planned segment of services to be offered if the first 3 stages were successfully launched will be the Lifestyle Ciclet which would include in our app such services as the yoga and Pilates training, weight training, MMA training, nutritionist, massage therapy, counseling services, and personal cooking lessons. These will be the Company s main targeted categories which it anticipates will be most popular, however as demands for services are continuously changing and as different needs grow, additional services could be added to our app. 4 Table of Contents What Is Ciclet and How to Find Service Providers Once developed, Ciclet will be a convenient, easy to use platform that connects people who need small tasks taken care of with professionals who perform those tasks for a living. With our help, a consumer no longer needs to spend countless hours looking for someone to help them out at an affordable cost. The platform will do all the searching for the Service Seeker and ensure that the workers that Service Seekers find are perfectly capable of dealing with the tasks required. It will connect Service Seekers with Service Providers who are located close by, and can drop by the Service Seeker s location even at a short notice. Service Seekers can even specify details about the tasks they need help with, so that the experts reviewing the requests can assist them with any additional considerations regarding the skills and experience needed for a particularly difficult task. Ciclet will be formed to help consumers seeking help with a task such as moving or assembling furniture, cleaning an appliance, running errands or other simple, yet important and meaningful services or activities which they are unable to do it themselves due to a busy schedule or if they lack the tools or abilities. With Ciclet, a Service Seeker will never fall behind with their schedule, or waste time trying to find someone qualified to help them with any virtual task or real life situation. Easy to use and highly efficient, Ciclet will make communication issues between the Service Seeker and the Service Providers a thing of the past, while at the same time allowing the Service Seeker to make payments securely online, only when the task itself is completed. How Does Ciclet Work for Finding the Perfect Helpers? Whether a Service Seeker wants to find a few strong individuals to help move your belongings to a new home, or locate a skilled guitar teacher who can teach your kids through a secure online environment, Ciclet will help Service Seekers source and identify Service Seekers at a short notice and on demand. But how does this revolutionary and highly convenient platform really work? Also, what are the steps one has to take in order to get the best results out of it? Ciclet will not just be a network that connects Service Seekers with random Service Providers for various jobs. It assigns skilled, efficient and responsible workers to one s tasks, of which each Service Provider will undergo a detailed screening process before they are accepted to be a Service Provider on the Ciclet platform. The actual way in which the platform will work is extremely straightforward and easy to grasp: First of all, a Service Seeker will choose the type of work they need help with, and complete a basic form with information about the task, such as their location, the date and time when they need assistance, and any additional details about the task. The experts at Ciclet will then evaluate the request and help to assign the perfect workers to it the people who have the best track record and are closest to a Service Seeker s location. Next, the workers take care of the task, either visiting the Service Seeker s location or online (depending on the nature of the work one needs help with). Finally, only once the task is completed will the Service Seeker will have to provide the payment on Ciclet s secure payment platform. Ciclet plans to be a fully established, reputable organization that will take painstaking measures to ensure that every client is completely satisfied and our customer support service is available, if additional assistance is required. 5 Table of Contents Introducing Ciclet s Technology Ciclet s technology software developer will allow the Company to offer a reliable and comprehensive software solution. The Ciclet app will offer a responsive design, an easy to use and configure private messaging system and the ability to screen Service Providers by their SSN and social media accounts to verify location, identity and more. Ciclet s software will allow it to easily start expanding the avenues of its business endeavors by putting together a powerful and engaging platform to connect Service Providers with people who need help with errands, moving, online jobs or anything else that self-employed workers may be able to offer assistance with. Our App will also offer numerous powerful features, such as Google map integration, region wide listing, social sharing, unlimited tasks and multi-currency acceptance. Our technology platform has been developed; however, updating the software needs to be developed and it is being outsourced to a technology provider who is not only experienced in creating applications but specializes in creating On Demand apps for businesses. Our Modular approach outlined as Stages 1 to Stages 4 is designed to identify blocks that are basic to all On-Demand businesses. With the growing market of on Demand Services our technology will need to be up to date and powerful. For this reason our script and back end of features. These needs to functional and full features of our app and our back end are as follows: Built-in ID verification The Built-in ID verification for the service providers module keeps our service marketplace clean with 100 genuine workers inside. Recommendation Algorithm This script that was initially developed and any future upgrades will have intelligent algorithms that can recommend service providers taking in a variety of factors like rating, satisfaction quotient etc. Search tasks by Location Everything in this script is all about location. The workers in your marketplace can easily find tasks in their location via zip codes. Google maps integration This script that was initially developed and any future upgrades will have Google maps integration for physical tasks. Helps our users to go to task locations without any hassle. Private messaging system We understand that proper communication is the key in a marketplace driven by a vibrant community. So we have built in a sophisticated Private messaging system in the script, via which Service Seekers and service providers will be able to communicate quickly and effortlessly. These communications can also be monitored by the site admin. Advanced search filters With filters such as price, location, keywords and category etc. Our site visitors will be able to pull out any required information instantly. 6 Table of Contents Multiple language With the language module, it will allow us to scale our business to any country. Users of any particular locale will be able to use our site easily in their preferred language. Geo-based Multiple currency Not only will our site users be able to use the site in their preferred language, but they will also be able to pay using their local currency. Social sign up Login in Once the new upgrades are made to our software, we will integrate with the social marketing script the registration login will be seamless with Facebook Twitter connect integration. Our users will be able to instantly securely login using their social logins. Powerful email management The email management script will continue to be equipped with a powerful email management system with Proper SMTP configuration to manage all the automated notifications that will go out. Subscription credits system With the virtual currency system, service seekers on our site will be able to purchase credits and use those credits to post the job. Automatic Invoice generation We have considered automation very seriously. As soon as a task is completed, the invoice generation process happens automatically. Credit system We have built in a powerful Credit system in this script and we will continue with this with future upgrades. Service providers will be able to purchase credits to bid on the tasks. The credit for each bid is decided based on the value of the project posted. This is potentially a source of revenue, as people may be inclined spending money to buy credits and may also help in having only serious bids posted. Direct pick a Provider If a Service Seeker is happy with a Service provider, he will be able to directly pick a Service provider instead of going through the normal process. Availability setting This service marketplace script will continue to allow the Service providers to set their availability on will -or- turn off their availability when busy. Time Slot Management Based on the comfort of the Service Seeker, he can mention the time slot at which his work can be done. Useful when work needs to be planned out. 7 Table of Contents PayPal adaptive payments Comes with PayPal Adaptive integration to automate the payment commission Payout splits between worker and for the Company for each task. Stripe payment gateway For future integration once we begin expanding our marketplace to get users from various parts of the world we will be ready as we will need to either build a Payment Gateway or partner with one. No matter what, our software will allow everyone to pay effortlessly. So we have built in multiple payment plug-ins to connect to gateways, so payments can be handled across the globe. PayPal Adaptive integration automates the payment commission Payout splits between the worker and to the Company for each task. Stripe helps users with credit cards to pay instantly from any country. Open Pricing system Before choosing Service providers, the system will allow Service seekers to have an idea of the rates of the different Service providers. Reviews and ratings Important for our Company to grow we need to know what the marketplace is saying about our app and our Company so we will have an option for users to rate review service providers, so service seekers can make an informed decision. Responsive Admin panel The Company s administration panel will be loaded with a lot of features, detailed charts, user management, worker management, email management, analytics and more which will allow us to control the entire site end-to-end. The responsive administration panel is also configured where our Service Marketplace can now be controlled right from our mobile device. Recommendation Algorithm Our script will have an intelligent algorithm present in the system where it recommends good service providers to service seekers (it works by taking into a variety of factors like review, rating, satisfaction quotient, responsiveness etc.). This helps in boosting the confidence of service seekers on our site. 100 Responsive - works across all devices tablets. Be it a Mobile device or hand held devices like tablets, the site will automatically adjust to the resolution of the screen, thus giving a seamless and smooth experience for our site visitors. The script will also be available in both IOS Android version as well, that will work in sync with the web script. Why Use Ciclet? As we continue to upgrade the software, the engagement of a software developer s expertise, know-how and experience in developing On-Demand applications, will allow Ciclet to quickly be able to launch its business, screen new Service Providers, set up a host of payment options, and start having new clients to ask our workers for well-paid help with their chores. Our solutions will be customizable as our technology providers will allow us to set up our own strategy based on the location and the manner in which we want our business to operate. We will set up the platform to offer support solely for online assistance, or target only Service Providers from a specific location. Also, the responsive, solid design will allow anyone interested in visiting our website from their new laptop or smartphone, or from an old desktop, to enjoy the best possible experience. One of the main features that Ciclet will have to offer has to do with facilitating payments. The platform will be integrated with credit card payments, as well as services such as PayPal, Moneybookers or Google Checkout. Also, it offers multi-currency support and an integrated currency converter. 8 Table of Contents As for the quality of the platform itself, it s worth mentioning Ciclet s bootstrap design which will make it easy for people of all skill levels to work on projects of virtually any size and its powerful and will have reliable content and user management systems. No task will be too big or too small for Ciclet. How Will Revenue be Generated? At this point the business model for how Ciclet plans to earn its revenue is by taking a commission on every transaction that happens over the app. Ciclet will offer an immense opportunity for business owners and Service Providers to earn a lot of money by facilitating the completion of various tasks at a short notice. Everyone wants to finish their errands, get done moving their furniture or handle other tasks as soon as possible, and when they have at their disposal a convenient online platform that can help them with that, they will be more than happy to pay for a job well done. Ciclet, however, will offer the opportunity to perform actions such as screening Service Providers, keeping track of their progress and communicating with their clients with ease. Using a commission based system, the app will assign the amounts Service Providers are paid, while retaining an established commission value for the Company while also including administrator and staff support. The platform will allow the Company to view all task sales, commissions, amounts retained for task purposes and overall revenue, all on a single, easy to access page on the planned dashboard. Also, it will provide our Company with the opportunity to integrate as many payment options as we want, allowing clients to conveniently pay their Service Providers online. This in turn allows the Company to be paid directly without having to worry about chasing for payments or worrying about any default payments. Value Proposition of Ciclet Saves time Easy to get help Cash free payment Local jobs in and around the neighborhood No schedule job, work at one s own convenient time Instant money- wages immediately after the task Better return on reputation as the level increases Ciclet s 2 Customer Segment Explained: Service Seekers People who want to outsource errands can post their job on the platform and Ciclet connects them to qualified Service Providers available to help. People who are on the go can post the task through the app and have the work taken care of by the time they return. People can pay through the app after the task has been completed. 9 Table of Contents Service Providers Professionals that are experts in their given professions, who are underemployed or unemployed or those who are qualified and want to make some extra money can sign up to Ciclet. The background is checked to get selected as a Service Provider. Service Providers are automatically assigned a job. They can either accept it or reject it. How Ciclet finds customers: Word of Mouth Advertising Internet Marketing Free First Delivery Various Offers The Process of Recruiting Service Providers: People who want to be a Service Provider will have to apply online. They will also be able to log in with Facebook or LinkedIn and complete their application. The Company will use third party agencies to conduct the background of the Service Provider will be thoroughly checked through such means as reference checks, criminal records checks, and Better Business Bureau checks will be followed by an interview. After shortlisted and accepted to the Ciclet service provider platform, Service Providers will be able to specify their skills and interests, and are accepted into the database of Ciclet. The Future of Ciclet: Over the past 20 years, the internet has evolved from trusting people online for information to trusting to handing credit card information, and now we re entering the third trust wave connecting trustworthy strangers from all kinds of people powered marketplaces. Based on the same principle of trust and letting strangers or neighbours helping each other, Ciclet hopes to have a promising future. Pros of the Ciclet Opportunity Quality Service Providers: Ciclet understands that hiring people through an online service could spark some questions especially in the character and credibility of the person. Ciclet hopes to address this concern and hopes to help ease client s worries about the quality of the person they are hiring. Ciclet plans to conduct a background check on the people who sign up to become Service Providers, as well as having them complete exams and supply professional licenses if applicable. This way a Service Seeker will have knowledge of the Service Provider that they are hiring is qualified for the job. 1. Safe Transactions: The payment and exchange of money is also a major concern when hiring individuals from online service websites, especially for tasks that would payout large sums of money. With Ciclet there is no need for cash to change hands for any job or transaction as we will handle all payments and reimbursements from the Company s backend software platform. Once Ciclet has been paid, the Company will then turn around and wire they payment to the Service Provider once the job is completed. This helps both parties as you are ensured the Service Provider will only get paid when the job is complete and the Service Provider is ensured that the money will be paid to them by our Company upon completion of the task. 2. Support: We also hope to provide the Service Provider with support which is good because there are some jobs that are done virtually, so you don t have to be in the same place as the Service Provider to hire them. People around the world can hire a Service Provider to do digital work and if there are any problems encountered with them, you can call Ciclet s customer support at any time. Being able to contact customer support at any time anywhere in the world will be a definite plus. 10 Table of Contents Cons of the Ciclet Opportunity 1. Service Fee: Ciclet will not charge a Service Provider anything for signing up, but it does plan on charging a 20 commission rate on all tasks, meaning if you pay 100 for a task, the Company will take 20 from it. This could highly affect the rates that Service Providers work with since they have to compensate for the rather high commission rate being charged to them. Having this high commission rate causes most of the takers rates to be slightly higher than that of other rates in the market so Service Seekers might have to spend a little bit more for this convenient on demand service. 2. Client Security: Ciclet does not offer a form of client security, meaning if a Service Seeker hires someone to do a task for them, they may still run the risk of that person not actually completing the said task. This is important especially for tasks that a Service Seeker needs done on a deadline and are expecting someone to come do it for them but does not show up. If this happens, the Service Seeker will not be allowed to leave a review to the Service Provider that accepted the job since the job was not completed as Ciclet only allows reviews on jobs that were completed. Though a Service Seeker will not lose money when this happens since Ciclet only pays Service Providers when the job is completed but it could cost a Service Seeker time and inconveniences. 3. Task Completion Guarantee: Ciclet does not plan to offer a form of task completion insurance, meaning a Service Seeker may still run the risk of that Service Provider not actually completing the project, or doing a poor job. They are only allowed to leave a review of a Service Provider who completes a job, so if someone is a no-show, you can t leave a poor review of the tasker. (Though you don t have to pay for an incomplete task, so you don t loose money.) 4. Somewhat limited availability: If you live in an area where Ciclet does not operate the customer will have to wait while the company grows. Competition Some of the location based services that are located in the Philippines may be perceived as competition but they are not direct competition as they do not offer the services being proposed by Ciclet. Some of these companies are as follows: Upwork: www.upwork.com is a web-based platform that brought visibility and trust to remote work. It was so successful that other businesses would also benefit from reliable access to a larger pool of quality talent, while workers would enjoy freedom and flexibility to find jobs online. The technology is the foundation of Upwork the world s leading freelancing website. With millions of jobs posted on Upwork annually, freelancers are earning more than 1 billion via the site each year and providing companies with over 3,500 skills. Through Upwork businesses get more done, connecting with freelancers to work on projects from web and mobile app development to SEO, social media marketing, content writing, graphic design, admin help and thousands of other projects. Upwork makes it fast, simple, and cost-effective to find, hire, work with, and pay the best professionals anywhere, any time. 11 Table of Contents Upwork s vision is to connect businesses with great talent to work without limits. Another location servicing company in the Philippines which is not a Direct competitor is www.199jobs.com which is a website that allows people to offer their services on it to those willing to pay a fixed price. They post jobs , which are the things that they can do for you. They also have a managed service where they take care of hiring, vetting and managing the people for the task. Another perceived competitor is www.raket.ph, it s a listing site (well, sort of marketplace) that features service providers from arts, IT, business, legal, and other fields. The closet and direct competitor for our Company is www.gawin.com. Gawin is known as the #1 Services Marketplace in the Philippines where they qualify service providers for you. One will get up to 5 quotations for each request one makes. It provides a dependable way to hire services you need from plumbers to photographers. Just tell us what you need and get introduced to vetted and trusted professionals within minutes or hours. Potential Market Size of the On Demand Business Philippines is emerging as one of the prominent App markets in Asia, AppLift has put the spotlight on the mobile apps market in Philippines, the reasons are simple: the Philippines is the third largest smartphone market in Southeast Asia, and the fastest growing app market, according to insights from InMobi; (http://sumo.ly/b5FC via @applift) a comparatively low smartphone penetration (Ericsson predicts 40 by end of 2015) combined with high install growth (driven by low cost devices and cheap data plans), results in fairly low CPIs. Add to that the fact that app localization is almost unnecessary, as 57 of the population speaks English (the second official language of the country), and 40 of mobile internet users prefer it over Filipino. An emerging market with an eager audience like this can be a gold mine for app developers. The smartphone craze has brought significant changes in Filipinos mobile behaviors. Take this as an example: When the Philippines mobile market took off, SMS was a genuine revolution: At its highest point, around two billion SMS messages were sent daily. Social networks have had a major impact on the way Filipinos interact; on average, they spend 4 hours per day on social media, which comes up to roughly 42 of total screen time. However, despite slowing down considerably, the country reportedly still generates the largest SMS volume in the world. To explore how Filipinos put their smartphones to use, we turned to our app store intelligence platform Priori Data PRO, where we looked at download and revenue data from the App Store, and from Google Play. We drew some conclusions from our analyses and worked out a few key takeaways which are listed below. Our Marketing Strategies 1. Learn Our Technology To be successful we will need to understand our technology and to make sure it is functioning and working well and allow the Company to streamline the app and to remove any links or flaws that are not functioning properly. 2. Determine Our Goals Before you can optimize our business for on demand social networking, we will need to determine what we want to accomplish. Our goals are as follows: Increase our web traffic to our app Attract more users to our app Generate new customer acquisition and customer retention Keep customers and make sure they continue to be repeat customers 12 Table of Contents If we are successful in achieving these objectives it should allow us to be successful in executing our business plan. 3. Establish Our Web Presence We need to make sure that our Company is listed on the key social media sites and that our business description and address, phone, and details are correct and current. We will need to let our market know who we are. We will try to list our business on as many social networking sites and we will integrate with our other social networking accounts, like Facebook and Twitter. We need to make sure that our features are constantly being added to each network. 4. Implement Promotions To increase customers and service providers we will implement a social marketing campaign where the Company will run promotions to increase engagement and to get exposure to our application. As part of our promotion marketing strategy we plan to advertise particular incentives, rather than our business in general. Examples of these promotions across the various social media networks that the Company may implement may include such promotions as: Raffles (e.g. Every person who signs in gets a chance to win an iPod. First check in specials (e.g. No service charge by the Company for the first service for new service subscribers. Frequent User Benefits (e.g. Use the Company s application 10 times, get a discount. 5. Engage With Our Customers We plan on engaging our audience and customers by interacting with them as one of the most effective uses of social media such as Twitter is personal engagement and relationship building with our audience. 6. Analyze and Track Statistics In order to make sure our promotions and advertising campaigns are effective it would be important for the Company to study data online to qualitative observations on our site and app. It is important to keep track of everything so we can learn what promotions work with our audience. However, it is important to keep in mind that our ROI may not be directly measurable, and aside from increased sales, as we are working for brand exposure and increased awareness of our business. 7. Be Prepared to Adapt Location-based social network technology may be the newest and grooviest incarnation of social media, but it certainly won t be the last. And in a year it won t look exactly like it does today. So we will have to be prepared to adapt our methods when features change, as new tools emerge, and as we review our own promotional results. Again, keep your objectives in mind, and be ready to keep up with new technology. 8. Avoid Common Pitfalls We have learned that several common mistakes in promoting one s Company that we will try and avoid are as follows: We will not leave fake reviews or tips as it may lead us to lose credibility immediately when people catch on. We will not throw up poorly designed ads as a badly designed banner ad will perform much worse than one that is designed properly. We will be diligent in monitoring activity as we will want to be mindful of compliments and any negative feedback or complaints. 13 Table of Contents 9. We need to Know Where Our Customers Are To be successful we will need to understand digital marketing and understand how location based technology actually works. Traditionally marketing used to be done through other mediums as TV and newspapers, but now customers are now using Facebook and checking their Twitter feeds. When it comes to location based business we must focus our efforts on the apps and services that their target consumers are already using. This can be scary, since most people spend almost all their time using a very limited set of apps, but doing the necessary research beforehand can prevent us from wasting time on a campaign. 10. Market on Multiple Platforms To market successfully Location-based tools function better by having them work together over multiple social media platforms. 11. Put the consumer in Control Location-based marketing initiatives should always be run on an opt-in basis. Ideally, consumers should be able to set preferences that dictate the maximum number of offers they wish to receive per week, or select offer categories that are relevant based on their personal interests. Finally, it should be just as easy for a consumer to opt-out of a location-based campaign as it was for the person to opt-in. 12. Be willing to Make Adjustments Location-based marketing campaigns are rarely perfect from the get-go. With that in mind, it is important for the Company to set aside time to track and review our campaigns. To be successful we will need to know that most advertising needs to be tweaked and optimized to be successful. The variables of location are not always well understood, always changing, and it may require some adjustments. Government Regulation: Internet We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations applicable to businesses generally in the United States, where our business is incorporated in the state of Nevada. We are also subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. In the United States and abroad, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the ads posted, or the content provided by users. Any court ruling or other governmental action that imposes liability on providers of online services for the activities of their users and other third parties could harm our business. In addition, rising concern about the use of data collection and GPS tracking technologies for illegal conduct, such as the unauthorized dissemination of national security information, money laundering or supporting terrorist activities may in the future produce legislation or other governmental action that could require changes to our products or services, restrict or impose additional costs upon the conduct of our business or cause users to abandon material aspects of our service. In the area of information security and data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach for personal data, such as the 2002 amendment to California s Information Practices Act, or requiring the adoption of minimum information security standards that are often vaguely defined and difficult to practically implement. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities. 14 Table of Contents We are also subject to federal, state, and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of member data. We intend to post on our website a privacy policy and user agreement, which will describe our practices concerning the use, transmission and disclosure of member data. Any failure by us to comply with our posted privacy policy or privacy related laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental authorities or others, which could harm our business. In addition, the interpretation of privacy and data protection laws, and their application to the Internet is unclear, evolving and in a state of flux. There is a risk that these laws may be interpreted and applied in conflicting ways from state to state, country to country, or region to region, and in a manner that is not consistent with our current data protection practices, or that new regulations will be enacted. Complying with these varying domestic and international requirements could cause us to incur additional costs and change our business practices. Further, any failure by us to adequately protect our members privacy and data could result in a loss of member confidence in our services and ultimately in a loss of members and customers, which could adversely affect our business. In the Philippines, we are subject to the Data Privacy Act of 2012, which act protects all forms of information that are personal, private or privileged. It covers all persons, whether natural or juridical, with particular emphasis to companies or juridical entities involved in the processing of protected information. Similar to many data privacy regimes in the region and globally, the Act sets out general data privacy principles Principles by which all Controllers must abide. In brief, the Principles stipulate that personal information must be: Collected for specified and legitimate purposes, which must be declared to the Data Subject before collection (or as soon as reasonably practicable after collection) Processed (ie used) fairly and lawfully Accurate and not excessive for the purposes for which it is collected and processed Retained only for as long as necessary for the stated purposes, and Anonymized or de-identified as soon as possible, subject to limited exceptions. In addition, because our services are accessible worldwide, certain foreign jurisdictions may claim that we are required to comply with their laws, including in jurisdictions where we have no local entity, employees, or infrastructure. Intellectual Property We do not currently possess any intellectual property that has been approved nor pending as our software is still being developed. Research and Development We did not incur any significant research and development expenses during the period from June 30, 2016 (inception) to January 31, 2021. Employees and Employment Agreements As the date of this filing, we have no permanent staff other than our sole officer and director, Mr. Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr., who is our President and CEO. Mr. Jumawan Jr. is employed elsewhere and has the flexibility to work on our company up to 25 hours per week. He is prepared to devote more time to our operations as may be required. He is not being paid at present. There are no employment agreements in existence. We presently do not have pension, health, annuity, insurance, stock options, profit sharing or similar benefit plans; however, we may adopt plans in the future. Management does not plan to hire additional employees at this time. Our sole officer and director will be responsible for the initial servicing. 15 Table of Contents Seasonality We do not have a seasonal business cycle. Emerging Growth Company We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. We shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 1. The last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of 1,070,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,070,000) or more; 2. The last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective IPO registration statement; 3. The date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or 4. The date on which such issuer is deemed to be a large accelerated filer , as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. As an emerging growth company, we are exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment and the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. As an emerging growth company, we are also exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. These exemptions are also available to us as a Smaller Reporting Company. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The Company uses office space at B11 L12 Woodpecker Street Bougainvillea Village Agus Lapulapu City, Philipines 66015 CEBU. The Company s majority shareholder has offered the office space to the Company at no charge. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Management is not aware of any legal proceedings contemplated by any governmental authority or any other party involving us or our properties. As of the date of this Annual Report, no director, officer or affiliate is: (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings. Management is not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 17 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information There is no established public trading market for our securities. Our shares are not and have not been listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system. In order for our shares to be quoted, a market maker must agree to file the necessary documents with the National Association of Securities Dealers, which operates the OTCQB. In addition, it is possible that such application for quotation may not be approved and even if approved it is possible that a regular trading market will not develop or that if it did develop, will be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate their investment. There is currently no established trading market for shares of our common stock. Management does not expect any viable market to develop in our common stock unless and until we complete an acquisition or merger. In any event, no assurance can be given that any market for our common stock will develop or be maintained. For any market that develops for our common stock, the sale of restricted securities (common stock) pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC by members of management or any other person to whom any such securities may be issued in the future may have a substantial adverse impact on any such public market. For information regarding the requirements of resales under Rule 144, see the heading Rule 144 below. Holders As of October 13, 2021, we had 52 shareholders of record of our common stock with 15,851,001 shares of common stock outstanding. Dividends We have not declared any cash dividends with respect to our common stock, and do not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy cannot be ascertained with any certainty, and if and until we complete any acquisition, reorganization or merger, no such policy will be formulated. There are no material restrictions limiting, or that are likely to limit, our ability to pay dividends on our securities. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Unregistered Securities None 18 Table of Contents Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities There were no proceeds received during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 from the sale of registered securities. Purchases of Equity Securities by Us and Affiliated Purchasers None. Other Stockholder Matters None. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS When used in this Annual Report, the words may, will, expect, anticipate, continue, estimate, project, intend, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27a of the Securities Act and Section 21e of the Exchange Act regarding events, conditions, and financial trends that may affect our future plans of operations, business strategy, operating results, and financial position. Persons reviewing this Annual Report are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such factors are discussed further below under Trends and Uncertainties, and also include general economic factors and conditions that may directly or indirectly impact our financial condition or results of operations. Plan of Operation Our plan of operation for the next 12 months is to: (i) consider guidelines of industries in which we may have an interest; (ii) have our original software that has been developed to be beta tested to allow consumers looking for services to find reliable and professional local service providers by using the location data of a person s location through the use of a device that sends out the location of the person via their smart phone or tablet; (iii) the beta test will be for Home Ciclet type of service which will allow customers to request such direct to home services. These services could include dry cleaning pick up, grocery pick up, home cleaning, electrical work, roofing, plumbing, lawn care, handyman, general contracting, carpet cleaning, painting, landscaping, pressure washing, or interior designing. The service providers would be located in the Ciclet s database of providers in the customer s given area. If we are successful, in growing the Home Ciclet segment of our business then we will then develop our app to include other market segments; (iv) have the technology software developer to develop a reliable and comprehensive software solution, where the Ciclet app will offer a responsive design, an easy to use and configure private messaging system and the ability to screen Service Providers by their SSN and social media accounts to verify location, identity; (v) to commence such operations through funding and/or the acquisition of a going concern of a similar business. During the next 12 months, our only foreseeable cash requirements will relate to maintaining our good standing or the payment of expenses associated with legal fees, accounting fees and other costs related to maintaining our regulatory and public filings and the development of our business plan as described above. 19 Table of Contents Results of Operations Years Ended January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020 Year Ended January 31, 2021 2020 Changes Operating expenses Professional fees 19,118 30,676 (11,558 (38 Operating expenses 19,118 30,676 (11,558 (38 Other income (expenses) (562 304 (866 (285 Net Loss (19,680 (30,372 10,692 (35 We had no operations during the years ended January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, nor do we have operations as of the date of this filing. We had a net loss of 19,680 and 30,372 for the years ended January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, respectively. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in professional fees incurred during the year ended January 31, 2021. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of As of January 31, January 31, 2021 2020 Changes Current Assets 3,767 14,333 (10,566 (74 Current Liabilities 61,298 52,184 9,114 17 Working Capital (Deficiency) (57,531 (37,851 (19,680 52 As of January 31, 2021 and 2020, our total assets were 3,767 and 14,333, respectively. As of January 31, 2021 and 2020, our total liabilities were 61,298 and 52,184, respectively. Stockholders deficit was at 57,531 as of January 31, 2021 compared to stockholders deficit of 37,851 as of January 31, 2020. As of January 31, 2021, we had a working capital deficiency of 57,531 compared with working capital deficiency of 37,581 as of January 31, 2020. The increase in working capital deficit was primarily attributed to the increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and decrease in cash. Year Ended January 31, 2021 2020 Changes Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities (9,563 304 (9,867 (3246 Cash flows used in financing activities (1,003 - (1,003 100 Net changes in cash (10,566 304 (10,870 (3576 20 Table of Contents Cash Flow from Operating Activities We have not generated any positive cash flow from operating activities since inception. For the year ended January 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 9,563 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 304 for the year ended January 31, 2020. During the year ended January 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was attributed to net loss of 19,680 which was reduced by an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 10,117. During the year ended January 31, 2020, net cash provided by operating activities was attributed to net loss of 30,372 which was reduced by an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 30,676. Cash Flow from Financing Activities We have financed our operations primarily from advances from the Company s director and proceeds from issuance of common stock to independent investors through private placement. For the year ended January 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 1,003 from advancement from director of 500 offset by repayment to the director of 1,503. During the year ended January 31, 2020, the Company did not have any financing activities. Going Concern Our independent auditors have added an explanatory paragraph to their audit issued in connection with the financial statements for the year ended January 31, 2021, expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company, which has not generated any revenues, has incurred net losses and has nominal assets. These conditions, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to meet its obligations, to obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to attain profitability. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company is dependent on stock issuances and advances from its principal shareholders or other affiliated parties for continued funding. There are no commitments or guarantees from any third party to provide such funding nor is there any guarantee that the Company will be able to access the funding it requires to continue its operations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to an investor in our securities. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 21 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADD SUPPLEMENTARY DATA CICLET HOLDINGS INC. AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JANUARY 31, 2021 AND 2020 Page Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Ciclet Holdings, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Ciclet Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Considerations The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses since inception and has not achieved profitable operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah (a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) Farmington, Utah October 20, 2021 F-2 Table of Contents CICLET HOLDINGS INC. BALANCE SHEETS January 31, 2021 January 31, 2020 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Total Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to related party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Common Stock: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding with par value of each Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-3 Table of Contents CICLET HOLDINGS INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS Year Ended January 31, 2021 2020 OPERATING EXPENSES Professional fees Total Operating Expenses OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Foreign exchange transaction gain Interest income Interest expense Total Other Income (Expense) NET LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS Basic and diluted loss per share Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-4 Table of Contents CICLET HOLDINGS INC. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2021 AND JANUARY 31, 2020 Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Number of Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - January 31, 2019 Net loss - Balance - January 31, 2020 Net loss - Balance - January 31, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-5 Table of Contents CICLET HOLDINGS INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended January 31, 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Advance from related party Repayment to related party Net cash used in financing activities Net changes in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-6 Table of Contents CICLET HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2021 AND 2020 Use of Estimates Cash and , respectively, in cash. The cash accounts are held in Philippine Pesos, and foreign exchange gain (loss) resulted from the annual change in the currency exchange rate between U.S. dollar and Philippine Pesos has been recorded in the statements of operations. Related Parties Basic and Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share F-7 Table of Contents Financial Instruments Fair Value Measurement Revenue Recognition Income Taxes F-8 Table of Contents . As of January 31, 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of . The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholder, the ability to raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from the Company s future business. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These unaudited interim financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. shares with par value of . As of January 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company s common stock issued and outstanding was shares. and nil, respectively. During the years ended January 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company made repayment to the director of and nil, respectively. As of January 31, 2021 and 2020, the amount owed to the related party was and , respectively. F-9 Table of Contents Tax Rate Deferred tax asset Less: Valuation allowance Deferred tax asset The Company s deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance, which increased by and during the years ended January 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of January 31, 2021, the Company had of the U.S. net operating losses (the U.S. NOLs ), NOLs generated in tax years prior to January 31, 2018, can be carried forward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after January 31, 2018 can be carried forward indefinitely. In accordance with Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards is subject to annual limitations following greater than ownership changes. Tax returns for the years ended 2017 through 2021 are subject to review by the tax authorities. F-10 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report were not effective in providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Treasurer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our management, consisting of our sole officer and director, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2021. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation, our management, with the participation of the President and Secretary/Treasurer, concluded that, as of January 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Security and Exchange Commission applicable to smaller reporting companies that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year ended January 31, 2021. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 22 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors and Executive Officers Our sole director serves until his successor is elected and qualified. Our sole officer is elected by the Board of Directors to a term of one (1) year and serves until his successor is duly elected and qualified, or until he is removed from office. The Board of Directors has no nominating or compensation committees. The Company does not currently have an independent Audit Committee and does not have a charter. The name, address, age and position of our present sole officer and director is set forth below: Name Age Position(s) Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. 44 President, Secretary/ Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. The person named above has held his offices/positions since inception of our Company and is expected to hold his offices/positions at least until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. Business Experience Mr. Jumawan Jr. is currently employed as the CFO and Credit Manager of Commercial Trade Financial Services, Inc. (CTFSI) which is located in Mandaue City, Cebu of the Philippines. He has served CTFSI since August 2007 where the Company is in the business of leasing and financing motorcycles. Mr. Jumawan Jr. has also received his Masters of Public Administration from Southwestern University, Cebu City in the Philippines. Mr. Jumawan Jr. was appointed to our board of directors due to his financial background sales and marketing experience, and is qualified to act as our director due to extensive experience. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings Our sole director and executive officer has not, during the past ten years: 1. Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 2. Had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 3. Been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 4. Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been revised, suspended, or vacated; 5. Been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. Been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 23 Table of Contents Other Directorships Except as indicated above, our sole director does not hold any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Conflicts of Interest At the present time, we do not foresee any direct conflict between Mr. Jumawan Jr., other business interests, and his involvement in our company. Code of Ethics We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees. When we do adopt a code of ethics, we will disclose it in a current report on Form 8-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION We have made no provisions for paying cash or non-cash compensation to our sole officer and director. No salaries are being paid at the present time, and none will be paid unless and until our operations generate sufficient cash flows. The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the years ended January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and principal position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. President 2021 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 President 2020 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The table below summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of January 31, 2021 and 2020. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION AWARDS STOCK AWARDS Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. - - - - - - - - - 24 Table of Contents There were no grants of stock options since inception to the date of this form 10-K. We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. Our Board of Directors has not adopted a stock option plan. We have no plans to adopt one at the moment, but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted, it may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the power to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that any such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. We may develop an incentive based stock option plan for its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. Stock Awards Plan The Company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan, but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The following table sets forth certain information as of January 31, 2021, with respect to the beneficial ownership of Ciclet s Common Stock by the officers and directors of Ciclet, and each person known by Ciclet to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of Ciclet s outstanding shares of Common Stock. At January 31, 2021 and through the date of this filing, there were 15,851,001 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. For purposes of this table, information as to the beneficial ownership of shares of common stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and includes general voting power and/or investment power with respect to securities. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares of our common stock are beneficially owned, and sole investment and voting power is held, by the person named. For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock, which such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof. The inclusion herein of such shares listed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Name and Address Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Outstanding Shares Principal Stockholders 5 or Greater Shareholders: Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. (1) 10,000,000 63.09 ____________ (1) On June 30, 2016, the Company received an initial funding of 20,000 through the sale of common stock to our sole officer and director, who purchased 10,000,000 of our common stock at 0.002 for 20,000. 25 Table of Contents SEC Rule 13d-3 generally provides that beneficial owners of securities include any person who, directly or indirectly, has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such securities, and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days. Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned by that person. Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person. At the present time there are no outstanding options or warrants. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans None. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Related Party Transactions None Promoters and Certain Control Persons See the heading Transactions with Related Persons above. Parents of the Smaller Reporting Company We have no parents. Director Independence We do not have any independent directors serving on our Board of Directors. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The following is a summary of the fees billed to us by our independent auditors for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020: 2021 2020 Audit fees 10,250 10,250 Audit related fees - - Tax fees - - Other fees - - Total Fees 10,250 10,250 Audit Fees - Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-related Fees - Consists of fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit fees. Tax Fees - Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees - Consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under Audit fees, Audit-related fees, and Tax fees above. Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors We have not adopted an Audit Committee; therefore, there is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However, we do require approval in advance of the performance of professional services to be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally, all services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant. 26 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES The following documents are filed as part of this 10-K: Exhibits: 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 20023 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 27 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. CICLET HOLDINGS INC. (Registrant) Dated: October 21, 2021 By: /s/ Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ciclet_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 ciclet_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of Ciclet Holdings Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 21, 2021 /s/ Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ciclet_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 ciclet_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned, Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr., President, of Ciclet Holdings Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the quarterly report on Form 10-K of Ciclet Holdings Inc. for the period ended January 31, 2021 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Ciclet Holdings Inc. Date: October 21, 2021 /s/ Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. Eugenio L. Jumawan Jr. President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Ciclet Holdings Inc. and will be retained by Ciclet Holdings Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 ciclet-20210131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ciclet-20210131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 ciclet-20210131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ciclet-20210131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

