<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211014_10-K_edgar_data_1441082_0001477932-21-007305.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1089590</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73824</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>84083</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>316743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>291494</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>288903</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-21-007305.hdr.sgml : 20211014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211014171949
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-21-007305
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Healing Co Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001441082
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				262862618
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-152805
		FILM NUMBER:		211324036

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		711 S. CARSON ST, SUITE #4
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-310-3069

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		711 S. CARSON ST, SUITE #4
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lake Forest Minerals Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080725

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-21-007305.txt : 20211014

10-K
 1
 thcc_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 thcc_10k.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from [ ] to [ ] Commission file number 333-152805 THE HEALING COMPANY INC. (FKA LAKE FOREST MINERALS, INC) (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 26-2862618 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 711 S. Carson Street, Suite 4 89701 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (905) 430-6433 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: N/A (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2021 was 0 based on no bid or asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 44,000,000 common shares as of October 8, 2021 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1. Business. 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 6 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 6 Item 2. Properties. 6 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 6 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 6 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 7 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 8 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 8 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 10 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 10 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 20 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 20 Item 9B. Other Information. 21 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 22 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 25 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 26 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 27 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 27 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 28 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this current report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us and our mean The Healing Company Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada. Historical Overview Lake Forest Minerals was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 23, 2008. We are a development stage company with no revenues or operating history. Effective January 31, 2021, Astutia Venture Capital AG acquired 8,000,000 of the issued and outstanding common shares of Lake Forest Minerals Inc. we , us , our , the Company ). As a result of the transaction, Astutia Venture Capital AG holds 72.7 of our outstanding voting securities. The shares were acquired in a private transaction from Mr. Jeffrey Taylor using the purchaser s funds. Mr. Taylor no longer holds any equity interest in our Company. Our board of directors and major shareholder approved a name change of our company from Lake Forest Minerals Inc. to The Healing Company Inc. Also, our company s board of directors approved a resolution to effect a forward stock split of our authorized and issued and outstanding shares of common stock on a four (4) new shares for one (1) share held. Upon effectiveness of the forward split, our authorized capital was 300,000,000 shares of common stock and our issued and outstanding shares of common stock increased from 11,000,000 to 44,000,000 shares of common stock, all with a par value of 0.001. Certificate of Amendment to effect the forward split and the change of name was filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 29, 2021. The name change and forward stock split were subsequently reviewed and approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) with an effective date of June 2, 2021. Our Current Business Our plan is to seek, investigate, and consummate a merger or other business combination, purchase of assets or other strategic transaction (i.e., a merger) with a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other operating business entity (a Merger Target desiring the perceived advantages of becoming a publicly reporting and publicly held corporation. We have no operating business, and conduct minimal operations necessary to meet regulatory requirements. Our ability to commence any operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources. We are currently considered a shell company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues, do not own an operating business, and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet--to--be identified operating company or business. We have no employees and no material assets. 3 Table of Contents We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering, any sales of equity securities or debt securities, bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to affect a business combination with a target business which we believe has significant growth potential. While we may, under certain circumstances, seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business, unless additional financing is obtained, we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations. A common reason for a target company to enter into a merger with a shell company is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a company would hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself, such as the time delays and significant expenses incurred to comply with the various federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings. The prospects for our success will be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry, we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will consider several factors, including the following: - experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel of the target business - costs associated with effecting the business combination - equity interest retained by our stockholders in the merged entity - growth potential of the target business capital requirements of the target business - capital available to the target business - stage of development of the target business - proprietary features and degree of intellectual property or other protection of the target business - the financial statements of the target business and - the regulatory environment in which the target business operates. The foregoing criteria are not intended to be exhaustive and any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular target business will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors, as well as other considerations we deem relevant. In connection with our evaluation of a prospective target business, we anticipate that we will conduct a due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meeting with incumbent management as well as a review of financial, legal and other information. The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business (including conducting a due diligence review) and to structure and consummate the business combination (including negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and preparing requisite documents for filing pursuant to applicable corporate and securities laws) cannot be determined at this time. Our president intends to devote only a very small portion of his time to our affairs, and, accordingly, the consummation of a business combination may require a longer time than if he devoted his full time to our affairs. However, he will devote such time as he deems reasonably necessary to carry out our business and affairs. The amount of time devoted to our business and affairs may vary significantly depending upon, among other things, whether we have identified a target business or are engaged in active negotiation of a business combination. We anticipate that various prospective target businesses will be brought to our attention from various sources, including securities broker -dealers, investment bankers, venture capitalists, bankers and other members of the financial community, including, possibly, the executive officers and our affiliates. Various impediments to a business combination may arise, such as appraisal rights afforded the stockholders of a target business under the laws of its state of organization. This may prove to be deterrent to a particular combination. In cooperation with our major shareholder, the company will seek to redefine and more narrowly tailor its corporate objectives to establish a platform of companies that source, harvest and utilize the most natural compounds for holistic nutrition from around the world. In doing so, the Company intends to offer the best natural remedies to connect humans with nature, and prevent and heal lifestyle diseases on a broad scale. Other than as set out in this annual report, we have not been involved in any bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings, nor have we been a party to any material reclassification, merger, consolidation or purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course of our business. 4 Table of Contents Competition We will encounter active competition in all of our businesses from both larger and smaller companies that offer the same or similar products and services or that produce different products appropriate for the same uses. Customers We do not have any current customers. Suppliers We do not have any current suppliers. Intellectual Property We do not own any intellectual property. Employees We have no employees. Our current President, Chief Executive Officer and sole director, Larson Elmore, provides management and administration services to our Company as a consultant on an as-needed basis. Distribution Methods We do not currently maintain any distribution infrastructure. Government Regulation There are no governmental regulations that are material to our operations. Research and Development We have not incurred any research or development expense over the last two fiscal years. Purchase of Significant Equipment We do not intend to purchase any significant equipment over the next twelve months. REPORTS TO SECURITY HOLDERS We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our filings are available to the public over the internet at the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at http://www.sec.gov. The public may read and copy any materials filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E. Washington D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-732-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, at http://www.sec.gov . 5 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 2. Properties Executive Offices We do not own interests in any real property. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our company. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock is quoted on the electronic quotation system operated by OTC Markets Group. Our trading symbol is THCC . There have been few trades of our common shares as at the date of this annual report. During year ended June 30, 2021 there have been very few trades of our common shares on the OTC. OTC Market securities are not listed and traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Market securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers. OTC Market issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a national or regional stock exchange. Our common shares are issued in registered form. Pacific Stock Transfer, 6725 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119 (Telephone: (800) 785-7782 Facsimile: (702) 433-1979) is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. Holders As of September 30, 2021 there were approximately 17 holders of record of our common stock, and we had 44,000,000 common shares issued and outstanding. Dividend Policy We have not paid any dividends since our incorporation and do not anticipate the payment of dividends in the foreseeable future. At present, our policy is to retain any earnings to develop and market our services. The payment of dividends in the future will depend upon, among other factors, our earnings, capital requirements, and operating financial conditions. 7 Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan Information We do not have any compensation plan under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities We did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended June 30, 2021. Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. Item 6. Selected Financial Data As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The discussions of results, causes and trends should not be construed to imply any conclusion that these results or trends will necessarily continue into the future. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 8 Table of Contents Results of Operations for our Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. Our operating results for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows: Year Ended June 30, 2021 Year Ended June 30, 2020 Change Between Year Ended June 30, 2020 and Year Ended June 30, 2021 Revenue - - - Total operating expenses 113,347 26,511 86,836 Net loss (113,347 (26,511 (86,836 Revenue We had no revenues in the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. Operating Expenses Total operating expenses increased for the year ended June 30, 2021 to 113,347 from 26,511 for the year ended June 30, 2020. This was primarily due to an increase in professional and filing fees . Cash Requirements Based on our planned expenditures, we will require approximately 200,000 over the next 12 months. In order to provide funds, we plan to pursue additional equity financing from private investors or possibly a registered public offering. We do not currently have any definitive arrangements in place for the completion of any further private placement financings and there is no assurance that we will be successful in completing any further private placement financings. If we are unable to achieve the necessary additional financing, then we plan to reduce the amounts that we spend on our business activities and administrative expenses in order to be within the amount of capital resources that are available to us. We have not investigated the availability of commercial loans or other debt financing to supplement or meet our cash requirements. In the uncertain event that any such debt financing alternatives were available to us on acceptable terms, they would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments Liquidity and Financial Condition Working Capital At June 30, 2021 At June 30, 2020 Current assets - 1,347 Current liabilities 282,725 170,725 Working capital (deficit) (282,725 (169,378 Cash Flows Year Ended June 30, 2021 Year Ended June 30, 2020 Cash flows used in operating activities (1,347 (20,836 Investing Activities - - Cash flows provided by financing activities - 22,183 Net (decrease) in cash during year (1,347 1,347 Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 47,557 for our year ended June 30, 2021 compared with cash used in operating activities of 20,836 in the same period 2020. The increase of 26,721 is primarily attributed to an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. Investing Activities The Company did not have any investing activities for the years ended June 30, 2021 or 2020. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 46,210 for our year ended June 30, 2021 compared to 22,183 in the same period in 2020. The change was primarily attributable to advances from related parties. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 9 Table of Contents Going Concern As at June 30, 2021, our company has not generated any revenues, has a working capital deficit of 282,725, and has an accumulated deficit of 326,725 since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our company s ability to continue as a going concern. The continuation of our company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders and note holders, the ability of our company to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations, and ultimately the attainment of profitable operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should our company be unable to continue as a going concern. Critical Accounting Policies The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon the accompanying financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and are expressed in United States dollars. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements. Income Taxes Potential benefits of income tax losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company has adopted ASC 740, Income Taxes as of its inception. Pursuant to ASC 740 the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. The potential benefits of net operating losses have not been recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more likely than not it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward in future years. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Our company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 10 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of The Healing Company Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of The Healing Company Inc. (f.k.a. Lake Forest Minerals, Inc.) (the Company) as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related statements of income, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, The Company has incurred net losses and has commenced limited operations which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ Prager Metis CPAs, LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. El Segundo, CA October 14, 2021 11 HEALING CO INC. (FKA LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC) Balance Sheets June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 ASSETS Cash - 1,347 Total assets - 1,347 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses 79,110 13,320 Due to related parties 203,615 157,405 Total current liabilities 282,725 170,725 Total liabilities 282,725 170,725 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) Preferred Shares 10,000,000 authorized, par value 0.001 nil issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 Common Shares 300,000,000 authorized shares, par value 0.001 44,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 respectively 44,000 44,000 Additional paid-in capital - - Accumulated deficit (326,725 (213,378 Total stockholders deficit (282,725 (169,378 Total liabilities and stockholders deficit - 1,347 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 12 Table of Contents HEALING CO INC. (FKA LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC) Statements of Operations For the year ended June 30, 2021 2020 Sales - - Operating expenses General and administrative 69,253 12,238 Professional fees 44,094 14,273 Total operating expenses 113,347 26,511 Loss from operations (113,347 (26,511 Net loss before tax provision (113,347 (26,511 Tax provision - - Net loss (113,347 (26,511 Net loss per common share: basic and diluted (0.00 (0.00 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 44,000,000 44,000,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 13 Table of Contents HEALING CO INC. (FKA LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC) Statements of Stockholders' Deficit Shares 0.001 Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Stockholders Deficit Balance, June 30, 2019 44,000,000 44,000 - (186,867 (142,867 Net Loss for the Period - - - (26,511 (26,511 Balance, June 30, 2020 44,000,000 44,000 - (213,378 (169,378 Net Loss for the Period - - - (113,347 (113,347 Balance, June 30, 2021 44,000,000 44,000 - (326,725 (282,725 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 14 Table of Contents HEALING CO INC. Statements of Cash Flows For the year ended June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss (113,347 (26,511 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Changes in assets and liabilities Prepaid expenses - 80 Accounts payable 65,790 5,595 Due to related party 46,210 22,905 Net cash from operating activities (1,347 2,069 Cash Flows from Financing Activities Bank overdraft - (722 Net cash from financing activities - (722 Net increase (decrease) in cash (1,347 1,347 Cash, beginning of period 1,347 - Cash, end of period - 1,347 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest - - Cash paid for taxes - - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 15 Table of Contents HEALING CO INC. Notes Financial to the Statements June 30, 2021 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, HISTORY AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND HISTORY - Lake Forest Minerals Inc., a Nevada corporation, (hereinafter referred to as the Company or Lake Forest Minerals was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 23, 2008. On April 29, 2021, the Company s name was changed to Healing Co, Inc. The Company was formed to engage in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties of merit. Since February 22, 2010, our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a shell company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues, do not own an operating business, and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. We have no employees and no material assets. Effective January 31, 2021, Astutia Venture Capital AG acquired 8,000,000 of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Company. As a result of the transaction, Astutia Venture Capital AG holds 72.7 of our outstanding voting securities. The shares were acquired in a private transaction from Mr. Jeffrey Taylor using the purchaser s funds. Mr. Taylor no longer holds any equity interest in our Company. All adjustments necessary for fair statement of the results for the periods have been made and all adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. BASIS OF PRESENTATION - These financial statements and related notes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States US GAAP ). The Company s fiscal year end is June 30. USE OF ESTIMATES - The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. INCOME TAXES - The Company provides for income taxes under ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. ASC 740 requires the use of an asset and liability approach in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. ASC 740 requires the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of June 30, 2021, and 2020 the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and no amounts have been recognized in the Company s statement of operations. NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - The Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share EPS on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti dilutive. There were no potential equivalent shares as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. 16 Table of Contents HEALING CO INC. Notes Financial to the Statements June 30, 2021 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION - The Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options. Accordingly, no stock-based compensation has been recorded to date. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - For purposes of Statements of Cash Flows, the Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. FINANCIAL INTSTRUMENT Effective January 1, 2008, the Company adopted FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, Pre Codification SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements , which provides a framework for measuring fair value under GAAP. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The standard also expands disclosures about instruments measured at fair value and establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 Quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets; Level 2 Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and Level 3 Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. The Company designates cash equivalents and investments in securities of publicly traded companies as Level 1. Fair value of financial instruments: The carrying amounts of financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable, accrued expenses approximated fair value as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 because of the relative short term nature of these instruments. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS During the year ended June 30, 2021 the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued various Accounting Standards Updates relating to the treatment and recording of certain accounting transactions. Management has determined that these recent accounting pronouncements will have no impact on the financial statements of Lake Forest Minerals Inc. 2. GOING CONCERN These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has a working capital deficit of 282,725 and has an accumulated deficit of 326,725 and has commenced limited operations, raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the issuance date of this filing. Management s plans include seeking additional sources of capital through the issuance of debt or equity financing, but there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in accomplishing its objectives. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on additional sources of capital and the success of the Company s plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 17 Table of Contents HEALING CO INC. Notes Financial to the Statements June 30, 2021 COVID-19 Pandemic In December 2019, an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China COVID-19 and has since spread worldwide, including to the Unites States, posing public health risks that have reached pandemic proportions (the COVID-19 Pandemic ). Like most businesses world-wide, the COVID-19 Pandemic has impacted the Company however, management cannot presently predict the scope and severity with which COVID-19 will impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 3. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS As of June 31, 2021, the Company has received 203,615 (June 30, 2020 157,405) in advances from its previous CEO and majority shareholder of which 46,210 and 22,905 were advanced during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. On January 25, 2021, all advances made by the previous CEO were assigned to a Company controlled by a shareholder for 10.The amounts owing are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. 4. INCOME TAX The tax effect of the significant temporary differences, which comprise deferred income tax assets and liabilities, are as follows: 2021 2020 Statutory income tax rate 21 21 Income tax recovery at statutory rate (23,803 (5,567 Tax effect of: Change in valuation allowance (23,803 (5,567 Income tax provision - - The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 2021 2020 Deferred income tax assets Non-capital losses carried forward 68,192 44,389 Valuation allowance (68,192 (44,389 Net deferred income tax asset - - As of June 30, 2021, the Company had approximately 325,000 of net operating loss carryforwards NOLs available to reduce future taxable income through 2030. The current year s net operating loss will carryforward indefinitely, limited to 80 of the current year taxable income. The Company s income tax filings are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The Company s open audit periods are 2018-2020 In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all the deferred tax assets for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. 18 Table of Contents HEALING CO INC. Notes Financial to the Statements June 30, 2021 5. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES From time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. Management is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 6. STOCKHOLDER DEFICIT On April 29, 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a forward stock split of authorized and issued and, outstanding shares of common stock on a four (4) new shares for one (1) share held. Upon effectiveness of the forward split, the authorized shares increased to 300,000,000 shares of common stock and the issued and outstanding shares of common stock increased to 44,000,000 shares of common stock, all with a par value of 0.001. The forward stock split was approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) with an effective date of June 2, 2021 as such all capital transaction have been retroactively restated to show the effect of the stock split. 7. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company s management has reviewed all material subsequent events through the date these financial statements were issued in accordance with ASC 855- 10, and has determined that there are no material subsequent events to report. 19 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods, including the interim period up through the date the relationship ended. Item 9A. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), our company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our company s management, including our president (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of our company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based upon that evaluation, our president (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) concluded that our company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective due to lack of segregation of duties to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our company in the reports that our company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our company s management, including our president (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Responsibility, estimates and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , as published in 1992. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021, our management determined that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below: There is a lack of accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the US GAAP and the financial reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission There are insufficient written policies and procedures to ensure the correct application of accounting and financial reporting with respect to the current requirements of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements and There is no written code of ethics in place 20 Table of Contents Inherent limitations on effectiveness of controls Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended June 30, 2021 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 21 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: Name Position Held with our company Age Date First Elected or Appointed Larson Elmore (1) President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 71 January 31, 2021 (1) Larson Elmore was appointed president, Chief Executive and Director on January 31, 2021. Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. Larson Elmore, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and Sole Director. Mr. Elmore is a seasoned professional, with a proven track record for identifying companies with products and services with hidden potential, then building an effective business model around them. Throughout his career he has been instrumental in raising over 3 billion from professional and private investors for a variety of projects. He began his career in the Seminar and Education sector, working with prominent leaders including Zig Ziglar, Paul Harvey, Art Linkletter and other pioneers in media, management and marketing. Over the years he has been involved in property development, managing a personal portfolio over 100 million while working on large scale projects, consulting for RBC Mortgage Group, securing a 43 million dollar commitment for the construction of Home Depot s 250,000 square foot National Headquarters in Atlanta, and a 2.4 billion casino resort project in Mississippi. He also founded a direct response telecommunications firm utilizing AT T and MCI WorldCom billing systems to generate revenue. 22 Table of Contents For the last 20 years Larson has focused on the formation of concept-centric ventures around emerging market sectors, renewable energy, pharmaceuticals and real estate. He is currently serving on several public boards. His broad-based knowledge of various disciplines, along with his high-level contacts in multiple industries facilitate his ability to organize the resources and high-quality leadership necessary to implement these strategies. He earned his BA degree from Johnson University in Knoxville, Tennessee, where he received its Outstanding Speaker Award and has completed coursework towards a Masters and PhD in Speech and Communications at Lincoln University, Indiana University, and Hebrew Union in Jerusalem. Significant Employees There are no individuals other than our executive officers who make a significant contribution to our business. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings We are not a party to any pending legal proceeding. We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders of 5 or more of our voting securities are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Our common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our officers, directors, and principal stockholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Code of Ethics We plan to adopt a code of ethics that obligates our directors, officers and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest and prohibits those persons from engaging in such transactions without our consent. 23 Table of Contents Board and Committee Meetings Our board of directors held no formal meetings during the year ended June 30, 2021. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada General Corporate Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. For the year ended June 30, 2021, there was no standing nominating committee or committee performing similar functions for our company. The members of our board of directors participate in the consideration of director nominees. Nomination Process As of June 30, 2021, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our company at the address on the cover of this annual report. Audit Committee We do not currently have an audit committee or a committee performing similar functions. The board of directors as a whole participates in the review of financial statements and disclosure. Audit Committee Financial Expert Our board of directors has determined that none of the members of our audit committee qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d) (5)(ii) of Regulation S-K, and is independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We believe that the members of our board of directors are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. In addition, we currently do not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our board of directors. 24 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (a) our principal executive officer (b) For our most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compensa- tion ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation (2) ) Total ) Larson Elmore(1) President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, 2021 2,000 - 60,000 - - - - 62,000 Treasurer and Director 2020 - - - - - - - - Stock Option Plan Currently, we do not have a stock option plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. Stock Options/SAR Grants During our fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 there were no options granted to our named officers or directors. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End No equity awards were outstanding as of the year ended June 30, 2021. Compensation of Directors Mr. Elmore was paid 62,000 for performance of his services as our sole director and officer since the inception of our company through the year ended June 30, 2021. 25 Table of Contents Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other s imilar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of September 30, 2021, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1) Larson Elmore Nil Nil Directors and Executive Officers as a Group Common Shares Astutia Venture Capital AG 32,000,000 Common Shares 72.3 Over 5 Shareholders as a Group 32,000,000 Common Shares 72.3 (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, we had 44,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. All figures assume full dilution of convertible securities held. (2) has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Astutia Venture Capital AG. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans There were no unexercised options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards for our named executive officers during the last two fiscal years. 26 Table of Contents Changes in Control We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our company. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence During the year ended June 30, 2021, we incurred 62,000 of expenses to the chief executive officer of our company. Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended June 30, 2021, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last three completed fiscal years. Director Independence We currently act with one director, Larson Elmore. We have determined that our director is not an independent director as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). We do not have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee, our board of directors acts in such capacities. We believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. The board of directors of our company do not believe that it is necessary to have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee because we believe that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our sole director. Additionally, we believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and for fiscal year ended June 30, 2020 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Year Ended June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 Audit Fees 21,000 11,023 Audit Related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees Total Effective May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules that require that before our independent auditors are engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: approved by our audit committee (which consists of our entire board of directors) or entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the board of directors, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the board of directors is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the board of directors responsibilities to management. Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 27 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description (3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on August 6, 2008). 3.2 By-laws (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 6, 2008). 3.3 Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2021). (10) Material Contracts (31) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 31.1 Section 302 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer. (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Section 906 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer. (101) Interactive Data Files 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith. 28 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. THE HEALING COMPANY INC. (Registrant) Dated: October 14, 2021 /s/ Larson Elmore Larson Elmore President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 thcc_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 thcc_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Larson Elmore, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Healing Company Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 14, 2021 /s/ Larson Elmore Larson Elmore President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 thcc_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 thcc_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Larson Elmore, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Healing Company Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of The Healing Company Inc. Dated: October 14, 2021 /s/ Larson Elmore Larson Elmore President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) The Healing Company Inc. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The Healing Company Inc. and will be retained by The Healing Company Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 thcc-20210630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 thcc-20210630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 thcc-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 thcc-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 thcc-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 thcc-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

