<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211022_10-K_edgar_data_1013237_0001013237-21-000142.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13662751</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283661</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3487596</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4156536</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2906046</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2625687</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001013237-21-000142.hdr.sgml : 20211022
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211022070200
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013237-21-000142
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211022
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211022

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001013237
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				133362547
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11869
		FILM NUMBER:		211338707

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		45 GLOVER AVENUE
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2038101000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		45 GLOVER AVENUE
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06850

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001013237-21-000142.txt : 20211022

10-K
 1
 fds-20210831.htm
 10-K

fds-20210831 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 Form Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2021 Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 . 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive office, including zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on February 26, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on that date, w as . 
 As of October 15, 2021, there were shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 For The Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2021 Page PART I 
 ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 ITEM 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 29 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 91 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 91 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 91 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 92 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 93 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 94 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 96 
 SIGNATURES 
 97 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. has made statements under the captions Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by words such as "may," "might," "will," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "intends," "projects," "indicates," "predicts," "potential," or "continue," and similar expressions. 
 These forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. There are many important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including the numerous factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, that should be specifically considered. 
 Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. We do not intend, and are under no duty, to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect actual results, future events or circumstances, or revised expectations. 
 We intend that all forward-looking statements we make will be subject to safe harbor protection of the federal securities laws as found in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Business Overview 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, "we," "our," "us," the "Company" or "FactSet") is a global financial data and analytics company with open and flexible technology and a purpose to drive the investment community to see more, think bigger, and do their best work. Our strategy is to become the leading open content and financial analytics platform in the industry that delivers differentiated advantage for our clients success. 
 For over 40 years, the FactSet platform has delivered expansive data, sophisticated analytics, and flexible technology that global financial professionals need to power their critical investment workflows. Over 160,000 asset managers and owners, bankers, wealth managers, corporate firms, including private equity and venture capital firms, and others, use our personalized solutions to identify opportunities, explore ideas, and gain a competitive advantage, in areas spanning investment research, portfolio construction and analysis, trade execution, performance measurement, risk management, and reporting across the investment lifecycle. 
 We provide financial data and market intelligence on securities, companies and industries to enable our clients to research investment ideas, as well as offering them the capabilities to analyze, monitor and manage their portfolios. We combine dedicated client service with open and flexible technology offerings, such as a configurable desktop and mobile platform, comprehensive data feeds, cloud-based digital solutions, and application programming interfaces ("APIs"). Our revenue is primarily derived from subscriptions to our products and services such as workstations, portfolio analytics, and market data. 
 We advance our industry by comprehensively understanding our clients workflows, solving their most complex challenges, and helping them achieve their goals. By providing them with the leading open content and analytics platform, an expansive universe of concorded data they can trust, next-generation workflow support designed to help them grow and see their next best action, and the industry s most committed service specialists, FactSet puts our clients in a position to outperform. 
 We are focused on growing our business through three reportable segments ("segments"): the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. Refer to Note 19, Segment Information, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. Within each of our segments, we primarily deliver insight and information through our three workflow solutions: Research Advisory; Analytics Trading; and Content Technology ("CTS"). 
 Corporate History 
 FactSet was founded in 1978 and has been publicly traded since June 1996. We are dual listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and the NASDAQ Stock Market ("NASDAQ") under the symbol "FDS". Fiscal 2021 marked our 43rd year of operations and, while much has changed in both markets and technology, our focus has always been to provide best-in-class products and exceptional client service. 
 Business Strategy 
 Client needs and market dynamics continue to evolve at an accelerated pace with an increasing demand for differentiated, personalized, and connected data, an ongoing shift to multi-asset class investing, and cost rationalization, as the shift from active to passive investing continues. Clients are seeking new cloud-based solutions that enable self-service and automation, open and flexible systems, and increased efficiencies when integrating and managing data as part of their own broader digital transformations. 
 FactSet s strategy focuses on building the leading open content and analytics platform that delivers differentiated advantages for our clients success in keeping with our purpose of enabling the investment community to see more, think bigger and do their best work. We want to be the trusted partner of choice for clients, to anticipate their needs and provide them with the most innovative solutions to make them more efficient. This includes transforming the way our clients discover, decide, and act on an opportunity using our digital platform; purposefully increasing our pace and speed to market by streamlining how we work; and investing in our future workforce. To execute on our strategy, we plan on the following: 
 Growing our digital platform: Scaling up our content refinery by providing the most comprehensive and connected inventory of industry, proprietary, and third-party data for the financial community, including granular data for key industry verticals, private companies, wealth, and environmental social and governance ("ESG"). We are driving next-generation workflow solutions by creating personalized and integrated workflows which include targeted solutions for 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 asset managers, asset owners, sell side, wealth and corporate clients. Our goal is to deliver tangible efficiencies to our clients by connecting data and analytics with a cloud based eco-system, enabling them to manage work more effectively through an integrated investment lifecycle. 
 Delivering execution excellence: Building a more agile and digital first-minded organization that increases the speed of our product creation and go-to-market strategy. To capitalize on market trends and give our clients innovative tools, we plan to release new products built on a cloud-based digital foundation as well as migrating our existing data and applications to the cloud. Additionally, we expect to rationalize our existing product portfolio to reinvest in higher return products. 
 Driving a growth mindset: Recruiting, training and empowering a diverse and operationally efficient workforce to drive sustainable growth. To drive a more performance-based culture, we are investing in talent who can create leading technological solutions, efficiently execute our go-to-market strategy and achieve our growth targets. 
 At the center of our strategy is the relentless focus on our clients and their FactSet experience. We want to be a trusted partner and service provider, offering hyper-personalized digital products for clients to research ideas, uncover relevant insights, and leverage cognitive computing to help get the most out of their data and analytics. Additionally, we continually evaluate business opportunities such as acquisitions and partnerships to help us expand our capabilities and competitive differentiators across the investment portfolio lifecycle. 
 We are focused on growing our global business in three segments: the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. We believe this geographical strategic alignment helps us better manage our resources, target our solutions and interact with our clients. We further execute on our growth strategy by offering data, products, and analytical applications within our three workflow solutions: Research Advisory; Analytics Trading; and CTS. 
 Research Advisory 
 Our Research Advisory workflow is designed to personalize and automate vital aspects of the research process, providing idea generation, company and market analysis, presentation building and distribution, and research management. Research offerings focus on providing tools that optimize workflows of portfolio managers, buy and sell side analysts, investments bankers, investment relationship professionals and other clients within our expanding user base. Our workstation, mobile, API, and Research Management Solutions ("RMS") easily integrate with our clients ecosystems, powering a streamlined workflow and enabling users to focus more time on high-value tasks. Our RMS advisory solutions also enable our wealth clients to provide market leading support across their entire enterprise, including home office, advisory, and client engagement. These solutions deliver essential and integrated content into one flexible platform with global coverage, deep history, and transparency through both FactSet and third-party sourced databases. 
 Analytics Trading 
 Analytics Trading provides solutions for institutional asset managers and asset owners across the investment portfolio lifecycle, connecting all essential front and middle office investment functions. Fundamental and quantitative research, portfolio construction, order management and trade execution tie into advanced portfolio attribution and performance measurement, risk management, and reporting. The proprietary and third-party models, concorded data, analytics and reporting are in an open framework supporting flexible access through the platform and APIs, and can be deployed as an enterprise system that meets evolving, holistic multi-asset class needs or as individual workflow components that can connect into our clients investment technology ecosystems. 
 CTS 
 CTS focuses on delivering data directly to our clients by leveraging FactSet's core content and technology. Clients seamlessly discover, explore, and access organized and connected content via multiple delivery channels. Whether a client needs market, company, alternative data, or customized client facing digital solutions, we provide structured data through a variety of technologies, such as APIs and cloud infrastructures. Through our Data Management Services ("DMS"), we provide entity mapping and integration of client data. Our symbology links and aggregates a diverse set of content sources to ensure consistency, transparency, and data integrity across a client s business. By enabling our clients to utilize their preferred choice of cloud infrastructure and industry standard databases, programming languages, and data visualization tools, our clients can centralize, integrate, and analyze disparate data sources for faster and more cost-effective decision making. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 FactSet Clients 
 Buy-side 
 Buy-side clients continue to shift increasingly towards multi-asset class investment strategies and we are well-positioned to be a partner of choice in this space. Our ability to provide enterprise-wide solutions to our clients across their entire workflow, covering virtually every asset class, enables us to compete for greater market share. Buy-side clients primarily include asset managers, asset owners, wealth managers, hedge funds, corporate firms and channel partners. They access our multi-asset-class tools by utilizing our workstations, Analytics Trading tools, proprietary content, data feeds, APIs and portfolio services. 
 The buy-side annual subscription value ("ASV") growth rate for fiscal 2021 was 6.5 . Buy-side clients accounted for 83.2 of our ASV as of August 31, 2021. ASV at any point in time represents the forward-looking revenue for the next 12 months from all subscription services currently being supplied to clients and excludes professional service fees, which are not subscription-based. 
 Sell-side 
 We deliver comprehensive solutions to sell-side clients including workstation, proprietary and third-party content, productivity tools for Microsoft Office, web and mobile, and RMS for research authoring and publishing. Our focus remains on expanding the depth of content offered and increasing workflow efficiency for sell-side firms. These firms primarily include broker-dealers, banking and advisory, private equity and venture capital firms. 
 The sell-side ASV growth rate for fiscal 2021 was 12.0 . Sell-side clients accounted for 16.8 of our ASV as of August 31, 2021. 
 Client and User Additions 
 Our total client count as of August 31, 2021 was 6,453, representing a net increase of 578 or 9.8 in the last 12 months. primarily driven by an increase in wealth management and corporate clients as well as third-party data providers. The count includes clients with ASV of 10,000 and above. As of August 31, 2021 there were 160,932 professionals using FactSet, representing a net increase of 19,796 or 14.0 in the last 12 months, primarily driven by an increase in research, wealth and corporate solutions users. 
 Annual ASV retention was greater than 95 for the period ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020. When expressed as a percentage of clients, annual retention increased to approximately 91 for the period ended August 31, 2021, compared with approximately 90 for the period ended August 31, 2020. 
 Organic ASV plus Professional Services Growth 
 Organic ASV plus Professional Services at any point in time equals our forward-looking revenue for the next 12 months from all subscription services currently being supplied to clients, excluding ASV from acquisitions and dispositions completed within the last 12 months and the effects of foreign currency movements on the current year period, plus professional services. 
 As of August 31, 2021, our Organic ASV plus Professional Services totaled 1.68 billion, up 7.2 over the prior year comparable period. Organic ASV increased across all our geographic segments, with the majority of the increase related to the Americas, followed by EMEA and Asia Pacific. This increase was driven by additional sales in our workflow solutions, primarily in Analytics Trading, CTS and Research. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The following chart provides a snapshot of our historic Organic ASV plus Professional Services growth: 
 
 Financial Information on Geographic Areas 
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that have the following characteristics: (i) they engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expense, (ii) their operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") for resource allocation decisions and performance assessment, and (iii) their discrete financial information is available. At FactSet, our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") functions as our CODM. 
 Our operating segments are aligned with how our CODM manages the business and the geographic markets in which we serve, with a primary focus on providing integrated global financial and economic information. Our internal financial reporting structure is based on three reportable segments: the Americas; EMEA; and Asia Pacific. Through fiscal 2021, within each of our segments, we delivered insight and information based on four workflow solutions: Research; Analytics Trading; CTS; and Wealth. Beginning with our 2022 fiscal year, we have reorganized our workflows into three solutions: Research Advisory; Analytics Trading; and CTS, to better align our products and go-to-market strategy. These workflow solutions provide global financial and economic information to investment managers, investment banks and other financial services professionals. 
 The Americas segment serves our clients throughout North, Central, and South America, with offices in 13 states throughout the United States ("U.S."), including our corporate headquarters in Norwalk, Connecticut, and an office in both Brazil and Canada. The EMEA segment serves our clients in countries in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and maintains office locations in Bulgaria, England, France, Germany, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland and the UAE. The Asia Pacific segment serves our clients in countries in Asia and Australia and includes office locations in Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, the Philippines, and Singapore. Segment revenue reflects sales to our clients based in these respective geographic locations. 
 Each segment records expenses related to its individual operations with the exception of expenditures associated with our data centers, third-party data costs and corporate headquarters charges, which are recorded by the Americas segment and are not allocated to the other segments. The content collection centers, located in India, the Philippines, and Latvia, benefit all our operating segments, and thus the expenses incurred at these locations are allocated to each segment based on a percentage of revenue. Refer to Note 19, Segment Information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the results of operations and financial information for each of our segments. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 The following charts depict revenue related to our reportable segments. 
 in millions) 

Human Capital Management 
 Who We Are 
 As of August 31, 2021, we had 37 offices across 20 countries with 10,892 employees, representing an increase of 3.9 in the last twelve months. Of our total employees, 7,080 (65 were located in Asia Pacific, 2,439 (22 in the Americas and 1,373 (13 in EMEA . In order to optimize productivity, we have invested in expanding o ur footprint and talent pool in India and the Philippines, where we now have a combined workforce of approximately 6,800 employees. Functionally, 22 of our employees are in Sales and Client Solutions; 30 are in Technology Product Development; 44 are in Content Operations; and 4 are in Corporate Support. As of August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, 460 of our employees were represented by mandatory works councils within certain of our French and German subsidiaries. No other FactSet employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements. 
 Our Purpose and Values 
 Our purpose is to drive the investment community to see more, think bigger, and do their best work. Intense client focus and support is a critical component of our strategic aim and operational approach. Our employees are critical to our success and enable us to execute at a high level. We have built a collaborative culture that recognizes and rewards innovation and offers employees a variety of opportunities and experiences. We believe that our continued focus on making our employees a top priority helps us provide high quality insights and information to clients globally. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 We conduct an annual, anonymous and confidential global employee engagement survey administered by a third party to capture our employees constructive feedback on a broad range of topics. The survey's scores and comments provide insight on appropriate action to improve our employees experience and our overall effectiveness as an organization. Aggregated survey results are reviewed by executive and senior leadership and direct managers to analyze and identify company-wide and 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 individual operational unit focus areas and action plans for improvement. We share survey results with all employees to highlight areas that employees believe are strengths of FactSet and reflect on areas where employees feel there are opportunities for positive change. Progress on initiatives is tracked to ensure that the actions taken address the underlying issues and promote an environment of continuous improvement. 
 In our fiscal 2021 employee engagement survey, we achieved a 92 response rate, indicating that we heard from the vast majority of our employees. Our overall engagement at the Company level was our highest since we implemented this survey. We increased scores for all questions at the Company level, and in over 10,000 comments received, employees told us that they felt supported through the COVID-19 pandemic and continue to have pride in their work, colleagues, and company. Our highest scores were in the areas of diversity, equity and inclusion and employee s understanding of how they contribute to FactSet s success, reflecting our culture where employees feel that they are treated fairly and are comfortable being themselves. 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 We recognize that our best ideas can come from anyone, anywhere, at any time, and help us provide the best solutions for our clients around the globe. We continually seek to expand our workforce with diverse perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences. By fostering a globally inclusive culture, we enable our people to be themselves at work and to join in, be heard, contribute, and grow. Together, we work to recruit, advance, and engage talent at FactSet with an inclusive culture unified by the FactSet spirit of going above and beyond. 
 In fiscal 2021, we continued our strong commitment to Diversity, Equity Inclusion ("DE I") in the following ways: 
 Governance Leadership Commitment 
 DE I at FactSet begins with a commitment from our CEO and the entire FactSet leadership team to improve diversity representation as part of our DE I strategy. In Fiscal 2021, we strengthened our DE I governance by creating the FactSet Global DE I Council, consisting of over 20 senior leaders from across FactSet who are empowered to drive our DE I progress and create strategic accountability for DE I results. In addition, our senior leaders serve as Executive Sponsors for our Business Resource Groups ("BRGs"), or employee networks. 
 Global DE I Strategy 
 In fiscal 2021 we refreshed our DE I strategy and expanded its scope. Our new DE I strategy consists of three impact areas - Workforce, Marketplace and Society - with twelve levers to drive these impact areas. For Workforce, the levers are leadership commitment, transparency and accountability, people processes, retention and advancement, recruitment, education and engagement, leading ultimately to inclusion, equity and belonging. For Marketplace, our levers are supplier diversity and collaboration with clients, with a goal to increase economic opportunity. For Society, our levers are investments, contributions and corporate voice, designed to drive social justice. 
 Investment in DE I Resources 
 In order to deliver on our commitments, we have significantly increased our investment in DE I, both in staffing and budget. This includes the appointment of our first ever Chief DE I Officer who leads a team of five dedicated DE I staff globally. 
 Key DE I Actions Taken in FY2021 
 During fiscal 2021, for the first time, we published our workforce demographics (including sharing our EEO-1 Federal data) in our annual Corporate Responsibility report. By reporting our workforce demographics, we made a visible step in our DE I commitment as we aspire to change the composition of our employee demographics by 2023 to better include underrepresented groups. For example, we aim to increase the percentage of women at FactSet overall, and specifically the percentage of women in our leadership group (vice president level and above) and in our technical areas. We will continue to report on our progress annually to increase transparency and to facilitate accountability. 
 Other DE I actions taken during Fiscal 2021 included: launching new BRGs globally; providing education on DE I topics across our organization; joining the Human Rights Campaign Business Coalition for the Equality Act and MLT Black Equity At Work; providing opportunities for two employees, on full pay/benefits, to join the CEO Action for Racial Equity Fellowship; holding all-staff DE I events such as #StopAsianHate; launching our Racial Justice Allies initiative; creating a new Diversity Recruitment role and changing our recruitment processes to mandate diverse interview slates while developing relationships with historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs); and observing Juneteenth as a paid holiday in the U.S. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Supporting Our Employees Through COVID-19 
 As the onset and spread of the COVID-19 pandemic created uncertainty and anxiety, our highest priority concern has been the health and safety of our employees, our families and our communities. During fiscal 2021, we required the vast majority of our employees at our offices across the globe (including corporate headquarters) to work remotely on a temporary basis, and provided them with support to be able to continue to work productively while being remote. We presented regular all-company meetings led by our CEO and offered extensive benefit resources and mental health support. Employees were offered additional paid time off for COVID-19 illness and family care and to receive and recover from COVID-19 vaccinations. 
 We have begun to re-open offices and welcome employees back, utilizing a three-phased approach to provide flexibility for employees with a focus on safety. Our offices will not re-open until local authorities permit us to do so and our own criteria and conditions to ensure employees health and safety are satisfied. Additionally, we have been implementing and will continue to support a variety of work options, such as flexible work arrangements permitting remote working or hybrid arrangements with the ability to split time between working remotely and in the office. 
 Learning Development 
 At FactSet, we are lifelong learners. We believe that learning and development emboldens our employees, fosters outperformance with a growth mindset, demonstrates our commitment to core values, and contributes to the success of FactSet s culture and business. 
 This year we centralized and expanded our Global Learning Development department, allowing us to better leverage the training, content, product, and technology expertise that exists across our business lines to provide all employees with more opportunities to learn and grow their careers with FactSet. As a commitment to making learning accessible for employees around the world, our CEO and Executive Leadership Team strongly encourage all employees to set aside four hours each month for active learning. 
 During fiscal 2021, we launched LinkedIn Learning for all FactSet employees, providing curated content by experts in numerous fields, allowing employees to take courses based on their interests, performance goals, and/or professional enrichment. In addition to LinkedIn Learning and other third-party eLearning providers, we create hundreds of in-house eLearnings each year to help our employees learn about our business, industry, clients, and products. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, all employee education was quickly transitioned to virtual classrooms. As employees adjusted to remote work and a changing world, we offered eLearning on remote working, remote collaboration tools, and mental health. 
 Compensation, Benefits and Well-being 
 FactSet offers our employees a broad range of competitive compensation, benefits and well-being programs which are designed to meet the diverse needs of our global employee population and which are reflective of our Company s values and culture. Offering competitive and performance-focused compensation is essential to our talent strategies regarding recruitment, development, and retention. Programs are designed to be competitive in the markets in which we compete for talent and align with the short and long-term objectives of FactSet and our individual business units. 
 Our employee compensation may include one or more of the following elements: base salaries, annual incentive awards, sales incentive awards, and equity awards. We differentiate individual salary, bonus and equity awards based on performance against key objectives and how effectively our managers and employees demonstrate behaviors consistent with our values and culture. 
 FactSet is committed to offering high-quality, affordable, locally competitive benefits options designed to meet the needs of our employees and their families and to support our employees physical, emotional, financial, and social well-being at every stage of life. Employees in all FactSet locations globally have access to an Employee Assistance Program, providing employees and their immediate family members access to experienced professional counselors for personal and professional support. In addition to offering access to professional counseling services, we provide our employees and families with education and resources. We provide regular updates on health coverage and resources available through our health plans. 
 Third-Party Content 
 We aggregate content from third-party data suppliers, news sources, exchanges, brokers and contributors into our dedicated managed database, which our clients access through our flexible delivery platforms to perform their analysis. We seek to maintain contractual relationships with a minimum of two content providers for each major type of financial data, though certain data sets on which we rely have a limited number of suppliers. We make every effort to assure that, where reasonable, alternative sources are available. We are not dependent on any one third-party data supplier in order to meet the needs of our clients. We have entered into third-party content agreements of varying lengths, which in some cases can be terminated on one 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 year s notice, at predefined dates, and in other cases on shorter notice. We are not dependent on any one third-party data supplier in order to meet the needs of our clients, with only two data suppliers representing more than 10 of our total data costs for the twelve months ended August 31, 2021. 
 Data Centers and Cloud Computing 
 Our business is dependent on our ability to process substantial volumes of data and transactions rapidly and efficiently on our networks and systems. Our global technology infrastructure supports our operations and is designed to facilitate the reliable and efficient processing and delivery of data and analytics to our clients. Our data centers contain multiple layers of redundancy to enhance system performance, including maintaining, processing and storing data at multiple data centers. User connections are load balanced between data centers. In the event of a site failure, equipment problem or localized disaster, the remaining centers have the capacity to handle the additional load. We continue to be focused on maintaining a global technological infrastructure that allows us to support our growing business. 
 We continue to operate fully redundant data centers in both Virginia and New Jersey in the U.S. that can handle our entire client capacity. In addition, as we look to host more of our infrastructure and products on the cloud, we are migrating select systems and applications to diverse cloud computing regions utilizing premier, market-leading cloud providers. 
 The Competitive Landscape 
 We are a part of the financial information services industry, providing financial data, analytics and workflow solutions to the global investment community. This competitive market is comprised of both large, well-capitalized companies and smaller, niche firms including market data suppliers, news and information providers and many third-party content providers that supply us with financial information included in our products. Our largest competitors are Bloomberg L.P., Refinitiv (a London Stock Exchange Group business) and Market Intelligence (an S P Global business). Other competitors and competitive products include online database suppliers and integrators and their applications, such as BlackRock Solutions, Morningstar Inc. and MSCI Inc. Many of these firms provide products or services similar to our own offerings. 
 We believe there are high barriers to entry and we expect it would be difficult for another vendor to quickly replicate the extensive data we currently offer. Through our in-depth analytics and client service, we believe we can offer clients a more comprehensive solution with one of the broadest sets of functionalities delivered through a desktop or mobile user interface or through a standardized or bespoke data feed as well as an API. In addition, our applications, including our client support and service offerings, are entrenched in the workflow of many financial professionals given the downloadable functionality, instant data refresh and portfolio analysis/screening capabilities offered. We are entrusted with significant amounts of our clients' own proprietary data, including portfolio holdings. As a result, we believe our products are central to our clients investment analysis and decision-making. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We have registered trademarks and copyrights for many of our products and services and will continue to evaluate the registration of additional trademarks and copyrights as appropriate. We enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, clients, data suppliers and vendors. We seek to protect our workflow solutions, documentation and other written materials under trade secret, copyright and patent laws. While we do not believe we are dependent on any one of our intellectual property rights, we do rely on the combination of intellectual property rights and other measures to protect our proprietary rights. Despite these efforts, existing intellectual property laws may afford only limited protection. 
 Research Product Development Costs 
 A key aspect of our growth strategy is to offer new solutions and enhance our existing products and applications by making them faster with more reliable data. We strive to rapidly adopt new technology that can improve our products and services. We do not have a separate research and product development department, but rather rely on these departments to work closely with our strategists, product managers, sales and other client-facing specialists to develop new products and process innovations and enhance existing products. These costs primarily consist of personnel-related expenses, such as salaries and related benefits for our product development, software engineering and technical support departments and, if not capitalized, are included in employee compensation (found within of Cost of Services expense and Selling, general, and administrative ("SG A") in the Consolidated Statements of Income). Research and product development costs include the salary and benefits for our product development, software engineering and technical support staff working on these initiatives. We incurred research and product development costs of 250.1 million, 224.0 million, and 214.7 million during fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to reporting requirements, disclosure obligations and other recordkeeping requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and the various local authorities that regulate each location in which we operate. Our P.A.N. Securities, LP subsidiary is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. and is a registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. P.A.N. Securities, LP, as a registered broker-dealer, is subject to Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which requires that we maintain minimum net capital requirements. We claim exemption under Rule 15c3-3(k)(2)(i). 
 Corporate Contact Information 
 FactSet was founded as a Delaware corporation in 1978, and our principal executive office is in Norwalk, Connecticut. 
 Mailing address of FactSet's headquarters: 45 Glover Avenue Norwalk, CT 06850 
 Telephone number: +1 (203) 810-1000 
 Website address: www.factset.com 
 Available Information 
 Through the Investor Relations section of our website (https://investor.factset.com), we make available free of charge the following filings as soon as practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements for the annual stockholder meetings, Reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 Additionally, we broadcast our quarterly earnings calls live via the investor relations section of our website. We also provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including investor events and press and earnings releases on our investor relations website. The contents of this website section are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC and any reference to this section of our website is intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 The following table shows FactSet s current executive officers: Name of Officer Age Office Held with FactSet Officer Since F. Philip Snow 57 Chief Executive Officer 2014 Linda S. Huber 63 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 2021 Rachel R. Stern 56 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Global Head of Strategic Resources and Secretary 2009 Gene D. Fernandez 54 Executive Vice President, Chief Technology and Content Officer 2017 Robert J. Robie 43 Executive Vice President, Head of Analytics Trading Solutions 2018 Helen L. Shan 54 Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer 2018 Daniel Viens 64 Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 2018 Goran Skoko 60 Executive Vice President, Managing Director EMEA and Asia Pacific, Head of Research Advisory Solutions 2019 Kristina W. Karnovsky 42 Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer 2021 Jonathan Reeve 53 Executive Vice President, Head of Content Technology Solutions 
 2021 
 F. Philip Snow Chief Executive Officer . Mr. Snow was named Chief Executive Officer effective July 1, 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Snow held the title of President. He began his career at FactSet in 1996 as a Consultant, before moving to Asia to hold positions in the Tokyo and Sydney offices. Following his move back to the U.S. in 2000, Mr. Snow held various sales leadership roles prior to assuming the role of Senior Vice President, Director of U.S. Investment Management Sales in 2013. Mr. Snow received a Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry from the University of California at Berkeley and a Master of International Management from the Thunderbird School of Global Management. He has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. 
 Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Huber was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of FactSet in October 2021. As Chief Financial Officer, she is responsible for FactSet s global finance organization and oversees all financial functions, including accounting, corporate development, financial planning and analysis (FP A), treasury, tax, and investor and media relations. Prior to joining FactSet, Ms. Huber served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at MSCI Inc. Prior to joining MSCI, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Moody s Corporation from May 2005 to June 2018. Earlier in her career, Ms. Huber served in several increasingly senior roles in financial services, including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at U.S. Trust Company, a subsidiary of Charles Schwab Company, Inc.; Managing Director at Freeman Co.; Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development and Vice President and Assistant Treasurer at PepsiCo.; Vice President of Energy Investment Banking Group at Bankers Trust Co.; and Associate in the Natural Resources Group at The First Boston Corp. Ms. Huber also held the rank of Captain in the U.S. Army. Ms. Huber earned an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a B.S. degree in business and economics from Lehigh University. 
 Rachel R. Stern Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Global Head of Strategic Resources and Secretary. Ms. Stern was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Global Head of Strategic Resources and Secretary in October 2018. In addition to her role in the Legal Department, Ms. Stern is also responsible for Compliance, Facilities Management and Real Estate Planning and the administration of our offices in Hyderabad, Manila and Riga. Ms. Stern joined FactSet in January 2001 as General Counsel. Ms. Stern is admitted to practice in New York, Washington D.C., and as House Counsel in Connecticut. Ms. Stern received a Bachelor of Arts from Yale University, a Master of Arts from the University of London and a Juris Doctor from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. 
 Gene D. Fernandez Executive Vice President, Chief Technology and Content Officer. Mr. Fernandez was appointed Chief Technology and Content Officer in July 2021. He joined FactSet as Chief Technology and Product Officer in November 2017 from J.P. Morgan, where he served as the Chief Technology Officer, New Product Development. In this role, he developed the strategy and built the engineering function responsible for new product innovation. During a decade at J.P. Morgan, Mr. Fernandez held various other roles, including Chief Technology Officer for Client Technology and Research and Banking 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Information Technology. Prior to J.P. Morgan, he worked at Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch. Mr. Fernandez received a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Economics from Rutgers University. 
 Robert J. Robie Executive Vice President, Head of Analytics Trading Solutions. Mr. Robie was appointed Executive Vice President, Head of Analytics Tradition Solutions in September 2018. In his current role, he oversees strategy, research, development and engineering for Analytics Trading platforms. Mr. Robie joined FactSet in July 2000 as a Product Sales Specialist. During his tenure at FactSet, Mr. Robie has held several positions of increased responsibility, including Senior Director of Analytics and Director of Global Fixed Income. Although Mr. Robie joined FactSet in 2000, he did work at BTN Partners from 2004 through 2005 in their quantitative portfolio management and performance division, before returning to continue his career with FactSet. Mr. Robie holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Fine Arts from Beloit College. 
 Helen L. Shan Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer. Ms. Shan was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer effective May 3, 2021. As the Chief Revenue Officer, she is responsible for driving revenue growth by managing global sales, client solutions, and marketing. Ms. Shan joined FactSet as Chief Financial Officer in September 2018 where she oversaw all financial functions at FactSet. Prior to that, she was at Marsh McLennan Companies, where she served in a variety of roles, including as the company's Corporate Treasurer and also as Chief Financial Officer for Mercer, a professional services firm where she was responsible for global financial reporting and performance, operational finance, investments, and corporate strategy. Preceding that, Ms. Shan also served as the Vice President and Treasurer for Pitney Bowes Inc. and served as a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan. In September 2018, Ms. Shan joined the Board of Directors of EPAM Systems Inc., a global provider of digital platform engineering and software development services. Ms. Shan holds dual degrees with a Bachelor of Science and a Bachelor of Applied Science from t he University of Pennsylvania s Wharton School of Business and School of Applied Science and Engineering. Ms. Shan also has a Master of Business Administration from Cornell University s SC Johnson College of Business. 
 Daniel Viens Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer. Mr. Viens was appointed Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer in October 2021. Mr. Viens joined FactSet in September 1998 as a Vice President, Director of Human Resources and has held several leadership positions of increased responsibility in Human Resources. Prior to joining FactSet, Mr. Viens was a Director of Human Resources for First Data Solutions and Donnelly Marketing (a former company of Dun Bradstreet), where he developed significant Human Resources acumen. Mr. Viens graduated from Boston University, and holds both a Master's Degree from Eastern Illinois University in Clinical Psychology and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia University. 
 Goran Skoko Executive Vice President, Managing Director EMEA and Asia Pacific, Head of Research Advisory Solutions. Mr. Skoko was appointed Executive Vice President, Managing Director EMEA and Asia Pacific and Head of Research Advisory in July 2021. In his current role, Mr. Skoko is responsible for providing direction to address the product and content needs for EMEA and Asia Pacific clients while also focusing on increased deployment and building community with our Research Advisory solutions. Prior to that, Mr. Skoko was Executive Vice President, Managing Director EMEA and Asia Pacific and Head of Wealth Solutio ns. He joined FactSet in 2004 as a Senior Product developer and has held a number of positions of increased responsibility. Prior to FactSet, he spent 16 years in various engineering and product management roles at Thomson Financial. Mr. Skoko earned his B.S. in Physics and Computer Science from Fordham University. 
 Kristina W. Karnovsky Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer. Ms. Karnovsky was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer in July 2021. In her current role she works across the entire product portfolio to deliver a differentiated advantage for clients and support their success. Prior to this role, Ms. Karnovsky was Head of Research Solutions. Ms. Karnovsky joined FactSet in 2001 as a Consultant and spent over a decade building FactSet's sell-side business in Sales leadership roles. Ms. Karnovsky earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Scranton. 
 Jonathan Reeve Executive Vice President, Head of Content Technology Solutions. Mr. Reeve was appointed Executive Vice President, Head of Content Technology Solutions at FactSet in October 2021. As Head of Content Technology Solutions, he oversees and leads the development of FactSet s off-platform products, including financial data solutions, application technologies, and the delivery of FactSet proprietary and third-party content over our data feeds, API s, Open FactSet Marketplace, and cloud-delivery solutions. Mr. Reeve joined FactSet in April 2020 as Senior Vice President and Head of Content Technology Solutions. Prior to joining FactSet, Mr. Reeve led Connectivity, Feeds and Desktop Businesses at Intercontinental Exchange (ICE). Earlier in his career, he held various positions at S P Global, including Chief Data Officer and Head of Product Content for the S P Market Intelligence Division. Mr. Reeve earned a B.A in Economics from Concordia University in Montreal. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Additional Information 
 Additional information with respect to our business is included in the following pages and is incorporated herein by reference: Page(s) Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Investors should also refer to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s and our Consolidated Financial Statements including the related Notes. Investors should carefully consider all risks, including those disclosed here, before making an investment decision. 
 Technology Data Security Risks 
 Loss, corruption and misappropriation of data and information relating to clients and others 
 Many of our products, as well as our internal systems and processes, involve the collection, retrieval, processing, storage and transmission through a variety of media channels of our own, as well as supplier and customer, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. We rely on, and continuously invest in, a complex system of internal processes and controls, along with policies, procedures and training, designed to protect data that we receive in the ordinary course of business, including information from client portfolios and strategies. However, these measures do not guarantee security, and improper access to or release of confidential information may still occur through, for example, employee error or malfeasance, system error, other inadvertent release, failure to properly purge and protect data, or cyberattack. Additionally, the maintenance and enhancement of our systems may not be completely effective in preventing loss, unauthorized access or misappropriation. Data misappropriation, unauthorized access or data loss could instill a lack of confidence in our products and systems and damage our brand, reputation and business. Breaches of security measures could expose us, our clients or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, potentially resulting in litigation and liability for us, as well as the loss of existing or potential clients and suppliers. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection of personal information, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, which became effective May 25, 2018, California's Consumer Privacy Act, which became effective January 1, 2020, and China's Personal Information Protection Law, which becomes effective November 1, 2021. These laws contain requirements regarding the handling of personal and sensitive data, including our use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. The law in this area continues to develop and the changing nature of privacy laws could impact our processing of personal and sensitive information related to our content, operations, employees, clients, and suppliers, and may expose us to claims of violations. 
 Successful prohibited data access and other cyber-attacks and the failure of cyber-security systems and procedures 
 In providing our digital-enabled services to clients, we rely on information technology infrastructure that is managed internally along with placing reliance on third-party service providers for critical functions. We and these third-party service providers are subject to the risks of system failures and security breaches, including cyber-attacks (including those sponsored by nation-states, terrorist organizations, or global corporations seeking to illicitly obtain technology or other intellectual property), such as phishing scams, hacking, viruses, denials of service attacks, tampering, intrusions, physical break-ins, ransomware and malware as well as employee errors or malfeasance. In some cases, these risks might be heightened when employees are working remotely. Our and our vendors' use of mobile and cloud technologies may increase our risk for such threats. Our protective systems and procedures and those of third parties to which we are connected, such as cloud computing providers, may not be effective against these threats. Our information technology systems must be constantly updated and patched to protect against known vulnerabilities and to optimize performance. While we have dedicated resources responsible for maintaining appropriate levels of cybersecurity and implemented systems and processes intended to help identify cyberattacks and protect and remediate our network infrastructure, we are aware that these attacks have become increasingly frequent, sophisticated, and difficult to 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 detect and, as a result, we may not be able to anticipate, prevent or detect all such attacks. We also may be impacted by a cyberattack targeting one of our vendors or within our technology supply chain or infrastructure. Our contracts with service providers typically require them to implement and maintain adequate security controls, but we may not have the ability to effectively monitor these security measures. As a result, inadequacies of the third-party security technologies and practices may not be detected until after a security breach has occurred. These risks may be heightened in connection with employees working from remote work environments, as our dependency on certain service providers, such as video conferencing and web conferencing services, has significantly increased. In addition, to access our network, products and services, customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own security risk. We could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation: if a cyber-attack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized access to, or modification of, clients or suppliers data, other external data, internal data or information technology systems; if the services provided to clients were disrupted; or if products or services were perceived as having security vulnerabilities. The costs we would incur to address and resolve these security incidents would increase our expenses. These types of security incidents could also lead to lawsuits, regulatory investigations and claims, loss of business and increased legal liability. Cyberattacks, security breaches or third-party reports of perceived security vulnerability to our systems, even if no breach has occurred, also could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, regulatory actions, loss of client confidence and increased legal liability. We also make acquisitions periodically. While significant effort is placed on addressing information technology security issues with respect to the acquired companies, we may inherit such risks when these acquisitions are integrated into our infrastructure. 
 A prolonged or recurring outage at our data centers and other business continuity disruptions at facilities could result in reduced service and the loss of clients 
 Our clients rely on us for the delivery of time-sensitive, up-to-date data and applications. Our business is dependent on our ability to process substantial volumes of data and transactions rapidly and efficiently on our computer-based networks, database storage facilities, and other network infrastructure, which are located across multiple facilities globally. If we experience significant growth of our customer base or increases in the number of products or services or in the speed at which we are required to provide products and services, it may strain our systems. Additionally, our systems and networks may become strained due to aging or end-of-life technology that we have not yet updated or replaced. Our computer operations, as well as our other business centers, and those of our suppliers and clients, are vulnerable to interruption by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, civil unrest, internet failures, computer viruses, security breaches, and other events beyond our reasonable control. In addition, in the remote work environments, the daily activities and productivity of our workforce is now more closely tied to key vendors, such as video conferencing services, consistently delivering their services without material disruption. Our ability to deliver information using the internet and to operate in a remote working environment may be impaired because of infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, malicious attacks, or other factors. We maintain back-up facilities and certain other redundancies for each of our major data centers to minimize the risk that any such event will disrupt those operations. However, a loss of our services involving our significant facilities may materially disrupt our business and may induce our clients to seek alternative data suppliers. Any such losses or damages we incur could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we seek to minimize these risks through security measures, controls, back-up data centers and emergency planning, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful or effective. Additionally, we may also face significant increases in our use of power and data storage and may experience a shortage of capacity and increased costs associated with such usage. 
 Transition to new technologies, applications and processes could expose us to unanticipated disruptions 
 The technology landscape is constantly evolving. To remain competitive, we must adapt and migrate to new technologies, applications and processes. Use of more advanced technologies and infrastructure is critical to the development of our products and services, the scaling of our business for future growth, and the accurate maintenance of our data and operations. The implementation of new technologies and infrastructure, such as migration to new cloud-based systems, is complex and can involve substantial expenditures as well as risks inherent in the conversion to any new system, including potential loss of information and disruption to operations. We may experience unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products and services. Certain of our technologies are also dependent upon third-party providers to maintain adequate systems to protect the security of our confidential information and data. Failure by our providers to maintain appropriate security could result in unauthorized access to our systems or a network disruption that could further lead to improper disclosure of confidential information or data, regulatory penalties and remedial costs. Any disruption to either the provider s systems or the communication links between us and the provider could negatively affect our ability to operate our data systems and could impair our ability to provide services to our clients. If the services to our clients are disrupted, or if there is unauthorized access to the confidential information of our clients or our vendors, we could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation and lose clients. We also may incur increased operating expenses to recover data, repair or remediate systems, equipment or facilities, and to protect ourselves from such disruptions. As we increase our reliance on third-party 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 systems, our exposure to damages from services disruptions may increase, and we may incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by these disruptions. 
 Use of open source software could introduce security vulnerabilities, impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services, and subject us to increased costs 
 We use open source code in our software development and incorporate it into our products and internal systems. The use of open source code may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software. Open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality or security of the code. Some open source licenses provide that if we combine our proprietary applications with the open source software in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary applications to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. We have implemented procedures to control the use of source code so as to mitigate this risk; however, the terms of many open source licenses are also ambiguous and have not been interpreted by U.S. or other courts. Therefore, there is a risk that our internal procedures controlling the use of open source code could fail, or that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on us. If any of this were to occur, we could be required to seek alternative third-party licenses at increased costs or reduced scope, to re-engineer products or systems, or potentially to discontinue the licensing of certain products. Any remedial actions could divert resources away from our development efforts, be time intensive and have a significant cost. 
 Strategy Market Demand Risks 
 Competition in our industry may cause price reductions or loss of market share 
 We continue to experience intense competition across all markets for our products, with competitors ranging in size from smaller, highly specialized, single-product businesses to multi-billion-dollar companies. While we believe the breadth and depth of our suite of products and applications offer benefits to our clients that are a competitive advantage, our competitors may offer price incentives to attract new business. Future competitive pricing pressures may result in decreased sales volumes and price reductions, resulting in lower revenue and ASV. Weak economic conditions may also result in clients seeking to utilize lower-cost information that is available from alternative sources. The impact of cost-cutting pressures across the industries we serve could lower demand for our products. Clients within the financial services industry that strive to reduce their operating costs may seek to reduce their spending on financial market data and related services, such as ours. If our clients consolidate their spending with fewer suppliers, by selecting suppliers with lower-cost offerings or by self-sourcing their needs for financial market data, our business could be negatively affected. 
 The continued shift from active to passive investing could negatively impact user count growth and revenue 
 The predominant investment strategy today is still active investing, which attempts to outperform the market. The main advantage of active management is the expectation that the investment managers will be able to outperform market indices. They make informed investment decisions based on their experiences, insights, knowledge and ability to identify opportunities that can translate into superior performance. The main advantage of passive investing is that it closely matches the performance of market indices. Passive investing requires little decision-making by investment managers and low operating costs which result in lower fees for the investor. A continued shift to passive investing, resulting in an increased outflow to passively managed index funds, could reduce demand for the services of active investment managers and consequently, the demand of our clients for our services. 
 A decline in equity and/or fixed income returns may impact the buying power of investment management clients 
 Approximately 83 of our ASV is derived from our investment management clients. The profitability and management fees of these clients are tied to assets under management. An equity market decline not only depresses the value of assets under management but also could cause a significant increase in redemption requests from our clients customers, further reducing their assets under management. Reduced client profits and management fees may cause our clients to cut costs. Moreover, extended declines in the equity and fixed income markets may reduce new fund or client creation. Each of these developments may result in lower demand from investment managers for our services and workstations, which could negatively affect our business. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Uncertainty in the global economy and consolidation in the financial services industry may cause us to lose clients and users 
 Many of our clients are investment banks, asset managers, wealth advisors, and other financial services entities. Uncertainty in the global economy or a lack of confidence in the global financial system could negatively impact our clients, which could cause a corresponding negative impact on our business results. Mergers, consolidation or contraction of our clients in the financial services industry also could directly impact the number of clients and prospective clients and users of our products and services. If our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our products and services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our products and services. Thus, economic uncertainty, lack of confidence in the global financial system, and consolidation in this sector could adversely affect our business, financial results and future growth. 
 Volatility in the financial markets may delay the spending pattern of clients and reduce future ASV growth 
 The decision on the part of large institutional clients to purchase our services often requires management-level sponsorship and typically depends upon the size of the client, with larger clients having more complex and time-consuming purchasing processes. The process is also influenced by market volatility. These characteristics often lead us to engage in relatively lengthy sales efforts. Purchases (and incremental ASV) may therefore be delayed as uncertainties in the financial markets may cause clients to remain cautious about capital and data content expenditures, particularly in uncertain economic environments. The COVID-19 pandemic may increase this risk as it may curtail our client's spending and lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions or product service implementations, or cause them to cancel or reduce their spending with us, which could negatively impact our revenues and future growth. 
 Failure to develop and market new products and enhancements that maintain our technological and competitive position and failure to anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace for our products and customer demands 
 The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological change, including methods and speed of delivery, changes in client demands, development of new investment instruments and evolving industry standards. The direction of these trends can render our existing products less competitive, obsolete or unmarketable. As a result, our future success will continue to depend upon our ability to identify and develop new products and enhancements that address the future needs of our target markets and to respond to their changing standards and practices. We may not be successful in developing, introducing, marketing, licensing and implementing new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis or without impacting the stability and efficiency of existing products and customer systems. Further, any new products and enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in products and services that satisfy our clients' needs and generate revenues required to provide the desired results. Our failure or inability to anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace, including competitor and supplier developments, may also adversely affect our business, operations and growth. 
 Errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's life cycle, but are more frequently found after the introduction of new products or enhancements to existing products. Despite internal testing and testing by clients, our products may contain errors. We may also experience delays while developing and introducing new products for various reasons, such as difficulties in licensing data inputs. Defects, errors, or delays in our products that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection or delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, lower rate of license renewals or upgrades, diversion of development resources, product liability claims or regulatory actions, or increases in service and support costs. 
 We have provisions in our client contracts to limit our exposure to potential liability claims brought by clients based on the use of our products or services or our delay or failure to provide services. Contracts with customers also increasingly include service level requirements and audit rights to review our security. Many of our customers in the financial services sector are also subject to regulations and requirements to adopt risk management processes commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of their third-party relationships, and provide rigorous oversight of relationships that involve certain "critical activities," some of which may be deemed to be provided by us. Any failure on our part to comply with the specific provisions in customer contracts could result in the imposition of various penalties, which may include termination of contracts, service credits, suspension of payments, contractual penalties, adverse monetary judgments, and, in the case of government contracts, suspension from future government contracting. Even if the outcome of any claims brought against us were ultimately favorable, such a claim would require the time and attention of our management, personnel, as well as financial and other resources and potentially pose a significant disruption to our normal business operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to identify, integrate, or realize anticipated benefits of acquisitions and strains on resources as a result of growth 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates for successful acquisition at acceptable prices. Additionally, there may be integration risks or other risks resulting from acquired businesses. Our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from past and future acquisitions and alliances depends in part upon our ability to integrate the offerings, technology, sales, administrative functions and personnel of these businesses effectively into our core business. We cannot guarantee that our acquired businesses will perform at the levels anticipated. In addition, past and future acquisitions may subject us to unanticipated risks or liabilities or disrupt operations. 
 Growth, such as the addition of new clients and acquisitions, puts demands on our resources, including our internal systems and infrastructure. These may require improvements or replacement to meet the additional demands of a larger organization. Further, the addition of new clients and the implementation of such improvements would require additional management time and resources. These needs may result in increased costs that could negatively impact results of operations. Failure to implement needed improvements, such as improved scalability, could result in a deterioration in the performance of our internal systems and negatively impact the performance of our business. 
 Failure to maintain reputation 
 We enjoy a positive reputation in the marketplace. Our ability to attract and retain clients and employees is affected by external perceptions of our brand and reputation. Reputational damage from negative perceptions or publicity could affect our ability to attract and retain clients and employees and our ability to maintain our pricing for our products. Although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Operational Risks 
 Failure to enter into, renew or comply with contracts supplying new and existing data sets or products on competitive terms 
 We collect and aggregate third-party content from data suppliers, news sources, exchanges, brokers and contributors into our own dedicated online service, which clients access to perform their analyses. We combine the data from these sources into our own dedicated databases. Clients have access to the data and content found within our databases. These databases are important to our operations as they provide clients with key information. We have entered into third-party content agreements of varying lengths, which in some cases can be terminated on one year s notice at predefined dates, and in other cases on shorter notice. Some of our content provider agreements are with competitors, who may attempt to make renewals difficult or expensive. We seek to maintain favorable contractual relationships with our data suppliers, including those that are also competitors. However, we cannot control the actions and policies of our data suppliers and we may have data suppliers who provide us with notice of termination, or exclude or restrict us from use of their content, or only license such content at prohibitive cost. Additionally, despite our efforts to comply with our third-party data supplier agreements, there can be no assurances that third-parties may not challenge our use of their content, which could result in increased licensing costs, loss of rights, and costly legal actions. Certain data sets that we rely on have a limited number of suppliers, although we make every effort to assure that, where reasonable, alternative sources are available. We are not dependent on any one third-party data supplier in order to meet the needs of our clients, with only two data suppliers representing more than 10 of our total data costs for the twelve months ended August 31, 2021. Our failure to be able to maintain these relationships, or the failure of our suppliers to deliver accurate data or in a timely manner, or the occurrence of a dispute with a vendor over use of their content, could increase our costs and reduce the type of content and products available to our clients, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace and adversely affect our business. 
 Increased accessibility to free or relatively inexpensive information sources may reduce demand for our products 
 Each year, an increasing amount of free or relatively inexpensive information becomes available, particularly through the internet, and this trend may continue. The availability of free or relatively inexpensive information may reduce demand for our products. While we believe our service offering is distinguished by such factors as customization, timeliness, accuracy, ease-of-use, completeness and other value-added factors, if users choose to obtain the information they need from public or other sources, our business, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Inability to hire and retain key qualified personnel 
 Our business is based on successfully attracting, motivating and retaining talented and diverse employees. Creating a diverse and inclusive environment that promotes empowerment and engagement is key to our ability to attract, retain, and develop talent. Competition for talent, especially engineering personnel, is strong. We need technical resources such as engineers to help 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 develop new products and enhance existing services. We rely upon sales personnel to sell our products and services and maintain healthy business relationships. Our future success also is dependent on the continued service and performance of the members of our senior leadership team. All of these personnel possess business and technical capabilities that are difficult to replace. If we are unsuccessful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected and could have a material, adverse effect on our business. 
 Operations outside the United States involve additional requirements and burdens that we may not be able to control or manage successfully 
 In fiscal 2021, approximately 40 of our revenue related to operations located outside the U.S. In addition, a significant number of our employees, approximately 78 , are located in offices outside the U.S. We expect our growth to continue outside the U.S., with non-U.S. revenues accounting for an increased portion of our total revenue in the future. Our non-U.S. operations involve risks that differ from or are in addition to those faced by our U.S. operations. These risks include difficulties in developing products, services and technology tailored to the needs of non-U.S. clients, including in emerging markets; different employment laws and rules; rising labor costs in lower-wage countries; difficulties in staffing and managing personnel that are located outside the U.S.; different regulatory, legal and compliance requirements, including in the areas of privacy and data protection, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, trade sanctions and currency controls, marketing and sales and other barriers to conducting business; social and cultural differences, such as language; diverse or less stable political, operating and economic environments and market fluctuations; civil disturbances or other catastrophic events that reduce business activity; limited recognition of our brand and intellectual property protection; differing accounting principles and standards; restrictions on or adverse tax consequences from entity management efforts; and changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws. If we are not able to adapt efficiently or manage the business effectively in markets outside the U.S., our business prospects and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The current COVID-19 pandemic and other global public health epidemics may adversely impact our business, our future results of operations and our overall financial performance 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the risk, or the public perception of risk, related to a pandemic or widespread health crisis, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic. A significant outbreak, epidemic or pandemic of contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread health crisis adversely affecting the broader economies, financial markets and overall demand for our products. In addition, any preventative or protective actions that governments implement or that we take in respect of a global health crisis, such as travel restrictions, quarantines or site closures, may interfere with the ability of our employees, vendors, and data suppliers to perform their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business, including our ability to gather content. Such results could have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Our operations have been affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control. For example, many jurisdictions have imposed a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement of our employees and vendors to limit the spread of COVID-19. While to date the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, due to the ongoing uncertainty related to the duration, magnitude and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, its potential effects on our business remain uncertain. The COVID-19 pandemic may still have a substantial impact on our employees' or vendors' productivity, which could result in our operations, including our ability to gather content, suffering, and in turn our results of operations, cash flows, and overall financial performance may be impacted. Furthermore, if our employees incur substantial medical expenses due to COVID-19, our expenses may increase due to our self-funded employee medical insurance model. Our management is focused on mitigating the effects of COVID-19 on our business, which has required and will continue to require a substantial investment of their time and may delay their other efforts. The continued impact of COVID-19 may also increase the severity or likelihood of the other risks described in this Item, any of which could have a material effect on us. 
 We continue to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and continually assess its potential effects on our business. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented a business continuity plan with a dedicated incident management team to respond quickly and provide ongoing guidance. However, given the dynamic nature of these circumstances, the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The extent to which our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows are affected by COVID-19 will depend in part on future developments which cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain, as there are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the potential effect of the spread of a global pandemic. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic depends upon various uncertainties, including the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the virus, the duration of the outbreak, and actions that may be taken by governmental authorities to contain the virus. This situation is changing continually, and additional effects may arise that we are not presently aware of or that we currently do not consider to be significant risks to our operations. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business and financial 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 condition could be negatively impacted. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - COVID-19 Update for additional information. 
 Legal Regulatory Risks 
 Legislative and regulatory changes in the environments in which we and our clients operate 
 As a business, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the U.S. and in the other countries in which we operate. These laws, rules, and regulations, and their interpretations, may change in the future or conflict, and compliance with these changes may increase our costs or cause us to make changes in or otherwise limit our business practices. In addition, the global nature and scope of our business operations make it more difficult to monitor areas that may be subject to regulatory and compliance risk. If we fail to comply with any applicable law, rule, or regulation, we could be subject to claims and fines and suffer reputational damage. Uncertainty caused by political change globally, and complex relationships across countries, including the U.S. and nations in Europe and Asia, heightens the risk of regulatory uncertainty. 
 Many of our clients operate within a highly regulated environment and must comply with governmental legislation and regulations. The U.S. regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of the financial services industry. Increased regulation of our clients may increase their expenses, causing them to seek to limit or reduce their costs from outside services such as ours. Additionally, if our clients are subjected to investigations or legal proceedings they may be adversely impacted, possibly leading to their liquidation, bankruptcy, receivership, reduction in assets under management, or diminished operations, which would adversely affect our revenue. Recent regulatory changes that we believe might materially impact us and our clients include: 
 MiFID 
 In the European Union, the new version of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (recast), also known as "MiFID II" became effective in January 2018. Prior to the effectiveness of the UK's withdrawal from the European Union on January 1, 2021, the UK laws and regulations implementing MiFID II were modified to transpose aspects of EU law and address deficiencies that would have otherwise been created as a result of the withdrawal. MiFID II built upon many of the initiatives introduced through MiFID and is intended to help improve the functioning of the European Union single market by achieving a greater consistency of regulatory standards. MiFID originally became effective in 2007. We believe that compliance with MiFID II requirements is time-consuming and costly for the investment managers who are subject to it and will cause clients to adapt their pricing models and business practices significantly. These increased costs may impact our clients spending and may cause some investment managers to lose business or withdraw from the market, which may adversely affect demand for our services. However, MiFID II may also present us with new business opportunities for new service offerings. We continue to monitor the impact of MiFID II on the investment process and trade lifecycle. We also continue to review the application of key MiFID II requirements and plan to work with our clients to navigate through them. 
 Brexit 
 On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom formally left the European Union when the UK-EU Withdrawal Agreement became effective. Under the Withdrawal Agreement, a transition period began that ran until December 31, 2020. On January 1, 2021, the UK left the EU Single Market and Customs Union, as well as all EU policies and international agreements. As a result, the free movement of persons, goods, services and capital between the UK and the EU ended, and the EU and the UK formed two separate markets. On December 24, 2020, the EU reached a trade agreement with the UK (the "Trade Agreement") The Trade Agreement offers UK and EU companies preferential access to each other's markets, ensuring imported goods will be free of tariffs and quotas; however, economic relations between the UK and EU will now be on more restricted terms than existed previously. The Trade Agreement does not incorporate the full scope of the services sector, and businesses such as banking and finance face uncertainty. In March, 2021, the UK and EU have agreed on a framework for voluntary regulatory cooperation and dialogue on financial services issues between the two countries in a Memorandum of Understanding (the "MOU"), which is expected to be signed after formal steps are completed, although this has not yet occurred. At this time, we cannot predict the impact that the Trade Agreement, the MOU or any future agreements on services, particularly financial services, will have on our business and our clients. It is possible that new terms may adversely affect our operations and financial results. We continue to evaluate our own risks and uncertainty related to Brexit, and partner with our clients to help them navigate the fluctuating international markets. This uncertainty may have an impact on our clients expansion or spending plans, which may in turn negatively impact our revenue or growth. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Adverse resolution of litigation or governmental investigations 
 We are party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business. Litigation and governmental investigations can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Unfavorable resolution of lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. For additional information regarding legal matters, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Third parties may claim we infringe upon their intellectual property rights or may infringe upon our intellectual property rights 
 We may receive notice from others claiming that we have infringed upon their intellectual property rights. Responding to these claims may require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur litigation costs, enter into settlements, stop selling or redesign affected products, or pay damages and satisfy indemnification commitments with our clients or suppliers under contractual provisions of various license arrangements. Additionally, third parties may copy, infringe or otherwise profit from the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, requiring us to litigate to protect our rights. Certain countries may not offer adequate protection of proprietary rights. If we are required to defend ourselves or assert our rights or take such actions mentioned, our operating margins may decline as a result. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, expenditures to acquire the use of technology and intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk. 
 Additional cost due to tax assessments resulting from ongoing and future audits by tax authorities as well as changes in tax laws 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to changes in tax laws as well as tax examinations by various governmental tax authorities. The global and diverse nature of our business means that there could be additional examinations by governmental tax authorities and the resolution of ongoing and other probable audits which could impose a future risk to the results of our business. In August 2019 and July 2021, we received Notices of Intent to Assess (the "Notices") additional sales/use taxes, interest and underpayment penalties from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Department of Revenue relating to prior tax periods. Based upon a review of the Notices, we believe the Commonwealth may assess sales/use tax, interest and underpayment penalties on previously recorded sales transactions. We filed an appeal to the Notices and we intend to contest any such assessment, if assessed, and continue to cooperate with the Commonwealth s inquiry. Further, on August 10, 2021, we received a letter (the Letter from the Commonwealth relating to additional prior tax periods, requesting sales information to determine if a notice of intent to assess should be issued to FactSet with respect to these tax periods. Based upon a preliminary review of the Letter, we believe the Commonwealth might seek to assess sales/use tax, interest and underpayment penalties on previously recorded sales transactions. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the assessment process, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of these matters and, as such, have not recorded a liability as of August 31, 2021. We believe that we ultimately will prevail if we are presented with a formal assessment; however, if we do not prevail, the amount could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Changes in tax laws or the terms of tax treaties in a jurisdiction where we are subject to tax could have an impact on our taxes payable. 
 Financial Market Risks 
 Exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the failure of hedging arrangements 
 Due to the global nature of our operations, we conduct business outside the U.S. in several currencies including the British Pound Sterling, Euro, Indian Rupee, and Philippine Peso. To the extent our international activities increase in the future, our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates may increase as well. To manage this exposure, we utilize derivative instruments (such as foreign currency forward contracts). By their nature, all derivative instruments involve elements of market and credit risk. The market risk associated with these instruments resulting from currency exchange movements is expected to offset the market risk of the underlying transactions, assets and liabilities being hedged. Credit risk is managed through the continuous monitoring of exposure to the counterparties associated with these instruments. Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of earnings with changes in foreign currency. Although we believe that our foreign exchange hedging policies are reasonable and prudent under the circumstances, our attempt to hedge against these risks may not be successful, which could cause an adverse impact on both our results of operations and cash flows. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Business performance may not be sufficient to meet financial guidance or publicly disclosed long-term targets 
 We provide public, full-year financial guidance based upon assumptions regarding our expected financial performance, including our ability to grow revenue and organic ASV plus professional services, to meet our planned expenses and maintain a certain tax rate, and our ability to achieve our profitability targets. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to maintain the levels of growth and profitability that we have experienced in the past, or that our growth strategies will be successful. If we are unable to successfully execute on our strategies to achieve our growth objectives and retain our existing clients, or if we experience higher than expected operating costs or taxes, we risk not meeting our full-year financial guidance or may find it necessary to revise such guidance during the year. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters is located at 45 Glover Avenue in Norwalk, Connecticut. We lease our headquarters location, which is 173,164 square feet, and also lease the other locations listed in the table below. We have data content collection offices located in India, the Philippines and Latvia. Additionally, we have data centers that support our technological infrastructure located in New Jersey and Virginia. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We believe the amount of leased space as of August 31, 2021 is adequate for our current needs and that additional space can be available to meet any future needs. 
 Segment Leased Location 
 Americas 
 Austin, Texas Boston, Massachusetts Chicago, Illinois Jackson, Wyoming Lakewood, Colorado Los Angeles, California Minneapolis, Minnesota New York, New York Norwalk, Connecticut Piscataway, New Jersey Reston, Virginia San Francisco, California Toronto, Canada Youngstown, Ohio EMEA 
 Amsterdam, the Netherlands Avon, France Cologne, Germany Dubai, United Arab Emirates Frankfurt, Germany Johannesburg, South Africa London, England Luxembourg City, Luxembourg Milan, Italy Paris, France Riga, Latvia Sofia, Bulgaria Zurich, Switzerland Asia Pacific 
 Chennai, India Hong Kong, China Hyderabad, India Manila, the Philippines Melbourne, Australia Mumbai, India Shanghai, China Singapore Sydney, Australia Tokyo, Japan 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property litigation. Based on currently available information, our management does not believe that the ultimate outcome of these unresolved matters against us, individually or in the aggregate, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, annual results of operations and cash flows. However, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of these matters may change in the future. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 (a) Market Information, Holders and Dividends 
 Market Information Our common stock is listed on the NYSE and NASDAQ under the symbol FDS. The following table sets forth, for each fiscal period indicated, the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the NYSE: First Second Third Fourth 2021 High 357.92 357.69 365.77 383.21 Low 303.11 294.21 302.92 319.65 2020 High 289.98 310.25 307.97 363.64 Low 233.09 275.12 195.22 279.01 
 Holders of Record As of October 15, 2021, we had approximately 2,346 holders of record of our common stock. However, because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. The closing price of our common stock on October 15, 2021, was 380.22 per share as reported on the NYSE. 
 Dividends - During fiscal years 2021 and 2020, our Board of Directors declared the following dividends on our common stock: Year Ended Dividends per Share of Common Stock Record Date Total Amount 
 (in thousands) 
 Payment Date Fiscal 2021 First Quarter 0.77 November 30, 2020 29,266 December 17, 2020 Second Quarter 0.77 February 26, 2021 29,141 March 18, 2021 Third Quarter 0.82 May 31, 2021 30,972 June 17, 2021 Fourth Quarter 0.82 August 31, 2021 30,845 September 16, 2021 Fiscal 2020 First Quarter 0.72 November 29, 2019 27,291 December 19, 2019 Second Quarter 0.72 February 28, 2020 27,251 March 19, 2020 Third Quarter 0.77 May 29, 2020 29,188 June 18, 2020 Fourth Quarter 0.77 August 31, 2020 29,283 September 17, 2020 
 Future dividend payments will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by us, and is subject to final determination by our Board of Directors. 
 (b) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during fiscal 2021. 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a month-to-month summary of the share repurchase activity under our current share repurchase program during the three months ended August 31, 2021: 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Period Total number 
 of shares 
 purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of 
 publicly announced plans or programs (2) 
 Maximum number of shares 
 (or approximate dollar value) that may yet be 
 purchased under the plans or programs (2) 
 June 2021 7,721 336.66 5,000 290,699 
 July 2021 173,398 342.32 172,526 231,635 August 2021 89,870 360.83 88,000 199,893 (3) 270,989 265,526 
 (1) Includes 265,526 shares purchased under the existing share repurchase program, as well as 5,463 shares repurchased from employees to cover their cost of taxes due upon the vesting or exercise of stock-based awards. 
 (2) Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market and privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions. No minimum number of shares to be repurchased has been fixed. There is no timeframe to complete the share repurchase program and it is expected that share repurchases will be paid using existing and future cash generated by operations. 
 (3) On March 23, 2021, the Board of Directors of FactSet approved a 205.6 million increase to the existing share repurchase program. As of August 31, 2021, a total of 199.9 million remained available for future share repurchases under the program. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans refer to Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The annual changes for the five-year period shown in the graph below assume 100 had been invested in our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Financial Services Index, and the S P 500 Financial Exchange and Data Index on August 31, 2016, or the origination date of each respective index. 
 The total cumulative dollar returns shown on the graph represent the value that such investments would have had on August 31, 2021. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 

28 

Table of Contents 

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 100 88 129 153 197 214 S P 500 Index 100 114 134 135 161 208 Dow Jones U.S. Financial Services Index 100 126 153 147 142 212 S P 500 Financial Exchanges and Data 100 119 155 191 222 276 
 The information contained in the above graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed or incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 The information required by Item 301 and Item 302 of Regulation S-K has been omitted as we have adopted the changes to Item 301 and Item 302 of Regulation S-K contained in SEC Release No. 33-10890. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a similar detailed discussion comparing fiscal 2020 and 2019, refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 MD A is designed to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A is presented in the following sections: 
 Executive Overview 
 Annual Subscription Value ("ASV") 
 Client and User Additions 
 Employee Headcount 
 Results of Operations 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Foreign Currency 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Executive Overview 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, "we," "our," "us," the "Company" or "FactSet") is a global financial data and analytics company with open and flexible technology and a purpose to drive the investment community to see more, think bigger, and do their best work. Our strategy is to become the leading open content and financial analytics platform in the industry that delivers differentiated advantage for our clients success. 
 For over 40 years, the FactSet platform has delivered expansive data, sophisticated analytics, and flexible technology that global financial professionals need to power their critical investment workflows. Over 160,000 asset managers and owners, bankers, wealth managers, corporate firms, including private equity and venture capital firms, and others use our personalized solutions to identify opportunities, explore ideas, and gain a competitive advantage, in areas spanning investment research, portfolio construction and analysis, trade execution, performance measurement, risk management, and reporting across the investment lifecycle. 
 We provide financial data and market intelligence on securities, companies and industries to enable our clients to research investment ideas, as well as offering them the capabilities to analyze, monitor and manage their portfolios. We combine dedicated client service with open and flexible technology offerings, such as a configurable desktop and mobile platform, comprehensive data feeds, cloud-based digital solutions, and application programming interfaces ("APIs"). Our revenue is primarily derived from subscriptions to our products and services such as workstations, portfolio analytics, and market data. 
 We advance our industry by comprehensively understanding our clients workflows, solving their most complex challenges, and helping them achieve their goals. By providing them with the leading open content and analytics platform, an expansive universe of concorded data they can trust, next-generation workflow support designed to help them grow and see their next best action, and the industry s most committed service specialists, FactSet puts our clients in a position to outperform. 
 We are focused on growing our business through three reportable segments ("segments"): the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. Refer to Note 19, Segment Information, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. Within each of our segments, we primarily deliver insight and information through our three workflow solutions: Research Advisory; Analytics Trading; and Content Technology ("CTS"). 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Business Strategy 
 Client needs and market dynamics continue to evolve at an accelerated pace with an increasing demand for differentiated, personalized, and connected data, an ongoing shift to multi-asset class investing, and cost rationalization as the shift from active to passive investing continues. Clients are seeking new cloud-based solutions that enable self-service and automation, open and flexible systems, and increased efficiencies when integrating and managing data as part of their own broader digital transformations. 
 FactSet s strategy focuses on building the leading open content and analytics platform that delivers differentiated advantages for our clients success in keeping with our purpose of enabling the investment community to see more, think bigger and do their best work. We want to be the trusted partner of choice for clients, to anticipate their needs and provide them with the most innovative solutions to make them more efficient. This includes transforming the way our clients discover, decide, and act on an opportunity using our digital platform; purposefully increasing our pace and speed to market by streamlining how we work; and investing in our future workforce. To execute on our strategy, we plan on the following: 
 Growing our digital platform: Scaling up our Content Refinery by providing the most comprehensive and connected inventory of industry, proprietary, and third-party data for the financial community, including granular data for key industry verticals, private companies, wealth, and environmental social and governance ("ESG"). Driving next-generation workflow solutions by creating personalized and integrated solutions to streamline workflows which includes solutions for asset managers, asset owners, sell side, wealth and corporate clients. Our goal is to deliver tangible efficiencies to our clients by connecting data and analytics with a cloud based eco-system, enabling them to manage work more effectively through an integrated investment lifecycle. 
 Delivering execution excellence: Building a more agile and digital first-minded organization that increases the speed of our product creation and go-to-market strategy. To capitalize on market trends and give our clients innovative tools, we plan to release new products built on a cloud-based digital foundation as well as migrating our existing data and applications to the cloud. Additionally, we expect to rationalize our existing product portfolio to reinvest in higher return products. 
 Driving a growth mindset: Recruiting, training and empowering a diverse and operationally efficient workforce to drive sustainable growth. To drive a more performance-based culture, we are investing in talent who can create leading technological solutions, efficiently execute our go-to-market strategy and achieve our growth targets. 
 At the center of our strategy is the relentless focus on our clients and their FactSet experience. We want to be a trusted partner and service provider, offering hyper-personalized digital products for clients to research ideas, uncover relevant insights, and leverage cognitive computing to help get the most out of their data and analytics. Additionally, we continually evaluate business opportunities such as acquisitions and partnerships to help us expand our capabilities and competitive differentiators across the investment portfolio lifecycle. 
 We are focused on growing our global business in three segments: the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. We believe this geographical strategic alignment helps us better manage our resources, target our solutions and interact with our clients. We further execute on our growth strategy by offering data, products, and analytical applications within our three workflow solutions: Research Advisory; Analytics Trading; and CTS. 
 Fiscal 2021 Year in Review 
 Revenue for the fiscal year 2021 was 1.6 billion, an increase of 6.5 from the prior year. Revenue increased across our operating segments, primarily in the Americas, followed by EMEA and Asia Pacific, supported by increased revenue from each of our workflow solutions, mainly in Analytics Trading, followed by CTS and Wealth. Revenue also grew due to the benefit from our annual price increase. The revenue growth of 6.5 was primarily attributed to organic revenue growth, which excludes the effects of acquisitions and dispositions completed in the last 12 months, changes in foreign currency rates in all periods presented and the deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting (Refer to Results of Operations, Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this MD A for further discussion on organic revenue). 
 Operating income increased 7.8 and diluted earnings per share ("EPS") increased 7.4 compared with the prior year. This increase in operating income and EPS was primarily driven by revenue growth of 6.5 , a decrease in non-compensatory employee related expenses, an impairment of an investment that occurred in fiscal 2020 and a decrease in professional fees. This increase was partially offset by higher spend in employee compensation, including stock-based compensation and 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 increased computer-related expenses. Additionally, EPS benefited from a reduction in interest expense and diluted weighted average shares outstanding compared with the prior year period. 
 Our clients and users reached new highs of 6,453 and 160,932, respectively, in fiscal 2021. Over the last 12 months, we returned 382.6 million to stockholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. 
 As of August 31, 2021, our employee count was 10,892, up 3.9 in the past 12 months, due primarily to an increase in net new employees of 6.6 in Asia Pacific and 0.7 in EMEA, partially offset by a decrease of 1.5 in the Americas. Of our total employees, as of August 31, 2021, 7,080 were located in Asia Pacific, 2,439 were located in the Americas and 1,373 were located in EMEA. Our centers of excellence, located in India, the Philippines, and Latvia, primarily focus on content collection that benefits all our segments. 
 We garnered multiple awards during fiscal 2021, with honors spanning multiple workflows, including research, risk, performance, trading, and wealth management. Our expanding suite of datasets stood out, most notably in the ESG and alternative categories, for its depth and innovation in delivery mechanisms. We were recognized by over thirty industry awards and rankings reports, including winning three categories in WatersTechnology s 2021 Inside Market Data Inside Reference Data awards: best alternative data provider, best ESG data provider, and best overall data or service provider for 2021. 
 Client Service / Customer Success 
 Our client service teams are a critical component of our comprehensive value proposition, and include a versatile group of financial data and modeling experts, with extensive knowledge of financial markets and FactSet solutions. Our client service teams take a consultative approach to understand our clients challenges and objectives to strategically leverage our workflow solutions and deliver support of the highest standard. Our clients have continuous access to our support desk, trained to respond to both project and technical support questions. A client-centric approach is foundational to our ongoing achievements, therefore client satisfaction is critical to how we measure our success. According to our global client satisfaction survey, greater than 94 of respondents were satisfied or very satisfied with our support. We believe that these strong relationships help ensure continued high rates of retention and account expansion. 
 COVID-19 Update 
 A novel strain of coronavirus, now known as COVID-19 ("COVID-19"), was first reported in December 2019, and it has since extensively impacted the global health and economic environment, with the World Health Organization characterizing COVID-19 as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented a business continuity plan with a dedicated incident management team to respond quickly and provide ongoing guidance so that we could continue offering our clients uninterrupted products, services and support while also protecting our employees. We believe these actions have been successful and that the pandemic, and our responses, have not significantly affected the financial results for our 2021 fiscal year. 
 At the outset of the pandemic, we required the vast majority of our employees at our offices across the globe (including our corporate headquarters) to work remotely and implemented global travel restrictions for our employees. Since that time, we have begun to re-open many of our offices globally, utilizing a three-phased approach to provide flexibility for employees wishing to work from our offices with a focus on social distancing and safety while acting consistently with applicable local regulations. We anticipate that the ability to open offices will vary significantly from region to region based on a number of factors, including the availability of COVID-19 vaccines and the spread of COVID-19 variants. We have worked with local organizations to procure vaccines for our employees and encouraged them to get vaccinated. Our offices will not re-open fully until local authorities permit us to do so and our own criteria and conditions to ensure employee health and safety are satisfied. 
 As of August 31, 2021, there have been minimal interruptions in our ability to provide our products, services and support to our clients. Working remotely has had relatively little impact on the productivity of our employees, including our ability to gather content. We continue to work closely with our clients to provide consistent access to our products and services and have remained flexible to achieve client priorities. 
 Based on our success in working in a remote environment during the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect to implement a new work standard under which employees in many of our locations, where permitted by local laws and regulations, and where the role permits, will have the opportunity to choose between different work arrangements. These include working either in a hybrid arrangement, where an employee can split time between working from the office and working from a pre-approved remote location, or a fully remote arrangement, where an employee can work entirely from a pre-approved remote location. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Our revenue, earnings, and ASV are relatively stable and predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model. To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material negative impact on our revenue, earnings or ASV. We incurred additional expenses at the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly relating to equipment to enable our employees to support our clients while working remotely, which were not material to our fiscal 2021 results. As we have continued to work in remote and hybrid environments, reductions in discretionary spending, particularly travel and entertainment, have more than offset any related increased expenses. Given our transition to our new work standard, we anticipate that many of these expense reductions will continue going forward, as we incur less travel and entertainment spending than we did pre-pandemic and seek to reduce our spending on office space that is no longer necessary in our new work environment. 
 Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 
 
 Annual Subscription Value ("ASV") 
 As of August 31, 2021, organic annual subscription value ("organic ASV") plus Professional Services totaled 1.7 billion, an increase of 7.2 over August 31, 2020. Organic ASV increased across all our geographic segments with the majority of the increase related to the Americas, followed by EMEA and Asia Pacific. 
 We believe ASV reflects our ability to grow recurring revenue and generate positive cash flow and is the key indicator of the successful execution of our business strategy. 
 
 "ASV" at any point in time represents our forward-looking revenue for the next 12 months from all subscription services currently being supplied to client, excluding revenues from Professional Services. 
 "Organic ASV" at any point in time equals our ASV excluding ASV from acquisitions and dispositions completed within the last 12 months and the effects of foreign currency movements on the current year period. 
 "Professional Services" are revenues derived from project-based consulting and implementation. 
 "Organic ASV plus Professional Services" at any point in time equals the sum of Organic ASV and Professional Services. 
 Organic ASV plus Professional Service 
 The following table presents the calculation the calculation of Organic ASV plus Professional Services as of August 31, 2021. With proper notice provided as contractually required, our clients can add to, delete portions of, or terminate service, subject to certain limitations. 
 (in millions) As of August 31, 2021 
 As reported ASV plus Professional Services (1) 
 1,688.3 Currency impact (2) 
 1.6 Acquisition ASV (3) 
 (11.4) Organic ASV plus Professional Services 1,678.5 Organic ASV plus Professional Services growth rate 7.2 
 (1) Includes 24.1 million in Professional Services fees as of August 31, 2021. 
 (2) The impact from foreign currency movements. 
 (3) Acquired ASV from acquisitions completed within the last 12 months. 
 As of August 31, 2021, Organic ASV plus Professional Services was 1.7 billion, an increase of 7.2 compared with August 31, 2020. The increase in year-over-year Organic ASV was largely attributed to existing clients, followed by new client sales and existing client price increases, partially offset by existing client cancellations. 
 Organic ASV increased across all our geographic segments with the majority of the increase related to the Americas, followed by EMEA and Asia Pacific. This increase was driven by additional sales in our workflow solutions, primarily in Research, followed by Analytics Trading and CTS. Sales increased in Research mainly due to higher demand for our workstations. Sales increased in Analytics Trading mainly from our portfolio analytics, portfolio reporting, performance and reporting, front office, and risk and quantitative solutions. CTS sales increased primarily due to core and premium content sets, specifically related to company financial data and data management solutions. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Segment ASV 
 As of August 31, 2021, ASV from the Americas was 1,039.4 million, an increase from 956.6 million as of August 31, 2020. Americas organic ASV increased to 1029.2 million as of August 31, 2021, a 7.4 increase compared with August 31, 2020. 
 As of August 31, 2021, ASV from EMEA was 450.0 million, an increase from 426.0 million as of August 31, 2020. EMEA organic ASV increased to 451.3 million as of August 31, 2021, a 5.6 increase compared with August 31, 2020. 
 As of August 31, 2021, Asia Pacific ASV was 174.7 million, an increase from 156.5 million as of August 31, 2020. Asia Pacific organic ASV increased to 174.6 million as of August 31, 2021, a 12.3 increase compared with August 31, 2020. 
 The increase in organic ASV across all our geographic segments was largely attributed to increased sales to existing clients, followed by new client sales and existing client price increases, partially offset by existing client cancellations. The increased organic ASV in the Americas was primarily driven by increased sales for Research, followed by higher sales of Analytics Trading and CTS. The EMEA organic ASV increase was mainly driven by higher sales of CTS followed by Analytics Trading. The Asia Pacific organic ASV increase was primarily due to increased sales of Research, Analytics Trading, and CTS. 
 Buy-side and Sell-side Organic ASV Growth 
 Buy-side and sell-side Organic ASV growth rates at August 31, 2021, compared with August 31, 2020, were 6.5 and 12.0 , respectively. Buy-side clients account for approximately 83 of our Organic ASV, consistent with the prior year period, and primarily include asset managers, asset owners, wealth managers, hedge funds and corporate firms. The remainder of our Organic ASV is derived from sell-side firms and primarily include broker-dealers, banking and advisory, private equity and venture capital firms. 
 Client and User Additions 
 As of and for the Year Ended August 31, 2021 2020 Change Clients (1) 
 6,453 5,875 9.8 Users (2) 
 160,932 141,136 14.0 
 (1) The client count includes clients with ASV of 10,000 and above. 
 (2) In the second quarter of fiscal 2021, we revised our user count methodology to include users across all our products, including workstations, StreetAccount and other workflow solutions. The prior year user count was adjusted to reflect this change for comparison purposes. 
 Our client count includes clients with ASV of 10,000 and above. Our total client count was 6,453 as of August 31, 2021, a net increase of 9.8 , or 578 clients in the last 12 months, mainly due to an increase in corporate and wealth management clients and third-party data providers. The client count increase was mainly driven by demand for our integrated content and workflow solutions, which are further enhanced by our continued investment in product innovation. As part of our long-term growth strategy, we continue to focus on expanding and cultivating relationships with our existing client base through sales of workstations, applications, services and content. 
 As of August 31, 2021, there were 160,932 professionals using FactSet, representing a net increase of 14.0 , or 19,796 users, in the last 12 months, primarily driven by an increase in wealth advisory professionals from our wealth management clients, as well as an increase in sell-side users from our banking clients. The increase in users was mainly due to a new wealth management client, improvement in our client retention and increased new hiring at our banking clients. 
 Annual ASV retention was greater than 95 of ASV for the period ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020. When expressed as a percentage of clients, annual retention was approximately 91.0 for the period ended August 31, 2021, an improvement from approximately 90 for the period ended August 31, 2020. 
 Employee Headcount 
 As of August 31, 2021, our employee headcount was 10,892, up 3.9 in the past 12 months, due primarily to an increase in net new employees of 6.6 in Asia Pacific and 0.7 in EMEA, partially offset by a decrease of 1.5 in the Americas. Of our total 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 employee headcount at August 31, 2021, 7,080 were located in Asia Pacific, 2,439 were located in the Americas and 1,373 were located in EMEA. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 For an understanding of the significant factors that influenced our performance during fiscal 2021 and 2020, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following table summarizes the results of operations for the periods described: 
 Years ended August 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2021 2020 Change Change Revenue 1,591,445 1,494,111 97,334 6.5 Cost of services 786,400 695,446 90,954 13.1 Selling, general and administrative 331,004 359,005 (28,001) (7.8) Operating income 474,041 439,660 34,381 7.8 Net income 399,590 372,938 26,652 7.1 Diluted earnings per common share 10.36 9.65 0.71 7.4 Diluted weighted average common shares 38,570 38,646 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased 6.5 to 1.6 billion in fiscal 2021, compared with 1.5 billion from the same period in the prior year. The increase in revenue was largely attributed to increased sales to existing clients, followed by new client sales and existing client price increases, partially offset by existing client cancellations. Revenue increased across all our segments, primarily from the Americas, followed by EMEA and Asia Pacific, driven by increased revenue in all our workflow solutions, mainly in Analytics Trading, CTS, and Research, compared with the prior year. Organic revenue increased to 1.6 billion for the fiscal year ended 2021, a 6.3 increase over the prior year period. (Refer to Item 7. Results of Operations, Non-GAAP Financial Measures in the MD A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion on organic revenue). 
 The revenue growth of 6.5 was composed of organic revenue growth of 6.3 , a 30 basis point increase from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, partially offset by a 10 basis point decrease from deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting and acquisition-related revenue. 
 Revenue by Segment 
 Years ended August 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Americas 1,008,046 943,649 64,397 6.8 of revenue 63.3 63.2 EMEA 
 427,700 406,498 21,202 5.2 of revenue 26.9 27.2 Asia Pacific 
 155,699 143,964 11,735 8.2 of revenue 9.8 9.6 Consolidated Revenue 1,591,445 1,494,111 97,334 6.5 
 Americas revenue increased 6.8 to 1,008.0 million in fiscal 2021, compared with 943.6 million from the same period in the prior year. The increase in revenue was largely attributed to increased sales to existing clients, followed by new client sales and existing client price increases, partially offset by existing client cancellations. This revenue growth was mainly due to increased sales in all of our workflow solutions, primarily in Analytics Trading and CTS. The revenue growth of 6.8 was due to 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 organic revenue growth of 6.3 and a 50 basis point increase in acquisition-related revenue and deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting. 
 EMEA revenue increased 5.2 to 427.7 million in fiscal 2021, compared with 406.5 million from the same period in the prior year. The increase in revenue was largely attributed to increased sales to existing clients, followed by new client sales and existing client price increases, partially offset by existing client cancellations. This revenue growth was mainly due to increased sales in all of our workflow solutions, primarily in CTS and Analytics Trading. The revenue growth of 5.2 was driven by organic revenue growth of 3.7 , a 110 basis point increase from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and a 40 basis point increase from deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting. 
 Asia Pacific revenue increased 8.2 to 155.7 million in fiscal 2021, compared with 144.0 million from the same period in the prior year. The increase in revenue was largely attributed to increased sales to existing clients, followed by new client sales and existing client price increases, partially offset by existing client cancellations. The revenue growth was mainly due to increased sales in all of our workflow solutions, primarily in Analytics Trading. The revenue growth of 8.2 was due mainly to organic revenue growth of 8.0 and a 20 basis point increase from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Revenue by Workflow Solution 
 Revenue increased 6.5 for fiscal 2021, compared with the same period in the prior, primarily driven by Analytics Trading and CTS. The increase in Analytics Trading was mainly driven by increased sales in our portfolio reporting, portfolio analytics, risk and quantitative solutions and performance and reporting. CTS sales increased primarily due to core and premium content sets, specifically related to company financial data and data management solutions. 
 Operating Expenses (in thousands) Years ended August 31, 2021 2020 Change Change Cost of services 786,400 695,446 90,954 13.1 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") 331,004 359,005 (28,001) (7.8) Total operating expenses 1,117,404 1,054,451 62,953 6.0 Operating income 474,041 439,660 34,381 7.8 Operating Margin 29.8 29.4 1.4 
 Cost of Services 
 Cost of services increased 13.1 to 786.4 million in fiscal 2021 compared with 695.4 from the same period in the prior year. Cost of services, expressed as a percentage of revenue, was 49.4 during fiscal 2021, an increase of 290 basis points over the prior year period. This increase was primarily due to an increase in employee compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, and computer-related expenses. 
 Employee compensation costs increased 150 basis points mainly due to higher annual base salaries and a net increase in employee headcount of 408 employees, with the majority of the compensation from new employee headcount included in cost of services, an increase in year-over-year variable compensation, and an increase in stock based compensation expense. Computer-related expenses increased by 150 basis points, primarily due to increased technology investments related to our migration to cloud-based hosting services, licensed software arrangements, and a 30 basis point increase in the amortization of intangibles, due to a higher investment in capitalized software that has been placed into service. This increase was partially offset by increased capitalization of compensation costs related to development of our internal-use software projects, as well as a shift in headcount to lower cost locations. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses decreased 7.8 to 331.0 million during fiscal 2021, compared with 359.0 million from the same period in the prior year. SG A expenses, expressed as a percentage of revenue, were 20.8 in fiscal 2021, a decrease of 320 basis points over the prior year period. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in non- 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 compensatory employee related expenses, an impairment on an investment in a company in fiscal 2020, and a decrease in professional fees, partially offset by increased compensations costs. 
 Non-compensatory employee-related expenses, inclusive of travel, entertainment and office expenses, decreased 150 basis points, mainly due to restrictions and impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic, as most employees continued to work from home. The prior year investment impairmen t res ulted in a 110 basis point decrease in the current year. Professional fees decreased 50 basis points, primarily due to the completion of certain projects to support our technology plan and business transformation activities and lower tax consulting and accounting fees, compared with the prior year period. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in employee compensation costs of 70 basis points, primarily driven by higher annual base salaries and a net increase in employee headcount, as well as higher variable compensation expense. 
 Operating Income and Operating Margin 
 Operating income increased 7.8 to 474.0 million in fiscal 2021 compared with 439.7 million in the prior year. Operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth, inclusive of our annual price increase, a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses, a prior year investment impairment, decreased professional fees and occupancy costs, partially offset by an increase in employee compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, and computer-related expenses. Operating income was negatively impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates on a year-over-year basis. Our operating margin increased in fiscal 2021 to 29.8 , compared with 29.4 for fiscal 2020. Operating margin increased primarily due to a decrease in non-compensatory employee related expenses, a prior year investment impairment, decreased professional fees and occupancy costs, partially offset by higher employee compensation costs and computer-related expenses. 
 Operating Income by Segment 
 Our internal financial reporting structure is based on three reportable segments, the Americas , EMEA and Asia Pacific. Refer to Note 19 , Segment Information , for further discussion regarding our segments. 
 Years ended August 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Americas 218,180 182,037 36,143 19.9 EMEA 
 159,704 165,317 (5,613) (3.4) Asia Pacific 96,157 92,306 3,851 4.2 Total Operating Income 474,041 439,660 34,381 7.8 
 Americas 
 Americas operating income increased 19.9 to 218.2 million during fiscal 2021, compared with 182.0 million from the prior year. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth of 6.8 , inclusive of our annual price increase, a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses, a prior year investment impairment and lower professional fees, partially offset by an increase in employee compensation expense and computer-related expenses. 
 Non-compensatory employee related expenses, inclusive of travel, entertainment and office expenses, decreased mainly due to restrictions and impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Professional fees decreased, primarily due to the completion of certain projects to support our technology plan and business transformation activities, as well as lower tax consulting fees, compared with the prior year period. The expense decreases were partially offset by higher employee compensation expense, mainly due to increased annual base salaries, an increase in year-over-year variable compensation, partially offset by higher capitalization of compensation costs related to development of our internal-use software projects, and increases in computer-related expenses, due to increased technology investments, including costs from cloud-based hosting and licensed software arrangements. Additionally, amortization of intangible assets increased, primarily due to a higher investment in capitalized software that has been placed into service. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 EMEA 
 EMEA operating income decreased 3.4 to 159.7 million during fiscal 2021, compared with 165.3 million from the prior year. The decrease in EMEA operating income was primarily due to an increase in employee compensation costs, bad debt expense, and amortization of intangibles, partially offset by revenue growth of 5.2 , inclusive of our annual price increase and a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses. Operating income was negatively impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates on a year-over-year basis. Employee compensation increased primarily due to a net increase in employee headcount over the past 12 months, increased annual base salaries, higher variable compensation and higher vacation expense. Non-compensatory employee related expenses, inclusive of travel, entertainment and office expenses, decreased, mainly due to restrictions and impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by investment in technology to allow employees to work from home. 
 Asia Pacific 
 Asia Pacific operating income increased 4.2 to 96.2 million during fiscal 2021, compared with 92.3 million from the prior year. The increase in Asia Pacific operating income was mainly due to revenue growth of 8.2 , inclusive of our annual price increase, and a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses, partially offset by an increase in employee compensation costs. Operating income was favorably impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates on a year-over-year basis. Non-compensatory employee related expenses, inclusive of travel, entertainment and office expenses, decreased, mainly due to restrictions and impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by investments in technology to allow employees to work from home. Employee compensation increased mainly due to a 6.6 increase in our Asia Pacific workforce in the last 12 months and increased annual base salaries. 
 Income Taxes, Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Share Years ended August 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Provision for income taxes 68,027 54,196 13,831 25.5 Net income 399,590 372,938 26,652 7.1 Diluted earnings per common share 10.36 9.65 0.71 7.4 
 Income Taxes 
 The fiscal 2021 provision for income taxes was 68.0 million, compared with 54.2 million in fiscal 2020, an increase of 25.5 . The increase was primarily due to net changes in jurisdictional pre-tax book income in fiscal 2021, compared with the prior year. Additionally, the increase was driven by a 4.4 million lower windfall tax benefit from stock-based compensation for fiscal 2021, compared with fiscal 2020, changes in tax rates in certain jurisdictions, and a lower benefit from finalizing prior year tax returns of 1.2 million. The increase was partially offset by the impact of the true-up of certain foreign deferred tax balances, and higher research and development tax credits. 
 Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Share 
 Net income increased 7.1 to 399.6 million during fiscal 2021 compared with 372.9 million in fiscal 2020. Diluted earnings per share increased 7.4 to 10.36 in fiscal 2021 compared with 9.65 in fiscal 2020. Net income and diluted EPS increased primarily due to increased operating income and a reduction in interest expense, partially offset by an increase in the provision for income taxes. Interest expense decreased as a result of a decrease in LIBOR compared with the prior year, which reduced the interest rate under our 2019 Revolving Credit Facility. Refer to Note 13, Debt of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on LIBOR and the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") , we use non-GAAP financial measures including organic revenue, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are show in the tables below. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures reported in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, these non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 all the items associated with the operations of the business as determined in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures differently that we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 Despite the limitations of these non-GAAP financial measures, we believe these adjusted financial measures and the information they provide are useful in viewing our performance using the same tools that management uses to gauge progress in achieving our goals. Adjusted measures may also facilitate comparisons to our historical performance. 
 The table below provides an unaudited reconciliation of revenue to adjusted revenue and organic revenue. Twelve Months Ended August 31, (In thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Revenue 1,591,445 1,494,111 97,334 6.5 Deferred revenue fair value adjustment (1) 
 539 4,192 (3,653) (87.1) Adjusted revenue 1,591,984 1,498,303 93,681 6.3 Acquired revenue (2) 
 (4,119) (4,119) Currency impact (3) 
 4,472 4,472 Organic revenue 1,592,337 1,498,303 94,034 6.3 
 (1) The amortization effect of the purchase accounting adjustment on the fair value of acquired deferred revenue. 
 (2) Revenues from acquisitions completed within the last 12 months. 
 (3) The impact from foreign currency movements over the past 12 months. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The table below provides an unaudited reconciliation of operating income, operating margin, net income and diluted EPS to adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted EPS. 
 Twelve Months Ended August 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2021 
 2020 
 Change Operating income 474,041 439,660 7.8 Deferred revenue fair value adjustment 539 4,192 Intangible asset amortization 23,257 22,269 Impairment of Investment 16,500 Transformation costs (1) 
 14,113 16,478 Restructuring / severance 5,028 51 Real estate charges 716 4,253 Adjusted operating income 517,694 503,403 2.8 Operating margin 29.8 29.4 Adjusted operating margin (2) 
 32.5 33.6 Net income 399,590 372,938 7.1 Deferred revenue fair value adjustment 456 3,385 Intangible asset amortization 19,672 17,773 Impairment of Investment 16,500 Transformation costs (1) 
 11,938 13,171 Restructuring / severance 4,253 41 Real estate charges 606 3,399 Income tax items (3) 
 (4,466) (7,085) Adjusted net income (2) 
 432,049 420,122 2.8 Diluted earnings per common share 10.36 9.65 7.4 Deferred revenue fair value adjustment 0.01 0.10 Intangible asset amortization 0.51 0.46 Impairment of Investment 0.42 Transformation costs (1) 
 0.31 0.34 Restructuring / severance 0.11 Real estate charges 0.02 0.08 Income tax items (3) 
 (0.12) (0.18) Adjusted diluted earnings per common share (4) 
 11.20 10.87 3.0 Weighted average common shares (Diluted) 38,570 38,646 
 (1) Costs primarily related to professional fees associated with the ongoing multi-year investment plan. 
 (2) Adjusted operating margin is calculated as adjusted operating income divided by adjusted revenue as shown in the organic revenue table above. 
 (3) Income tax items for the year ended August 31, 2021 reflects tax expenses primarily related to a reduction in the estimated foreign pre-tax book income as well as an increase in estimated U.S. pre-tax book income. This was partially offset by a benefit from the finalization of the prior year tax return. Income tax items for the year ended August 31, 2020 includes income tax expenses primarily due to finalization of the prior year tax return. 
 (4) For purposes of calculating adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share, deferred revenue fair value adjustments and intangible asset amortization were taxed at the annual effective tax rates of 17.8 for fiscal 2021 and 17.7 for fiscal 2020. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity have been our cash flows generated from our operations, existing cash and cash equivalents and, when needed, our credit capacity under our existing credit facility. We use these sources of liquidity to, among other things, service our existing and future debt obligations, fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions, dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide us the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Long-Term Debt 
 On March 29, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement with PNC Bank, National Association ("PNC") (the "2019 Credit Agreement"), which provides for a 750.0 million revolving credit facility (the "2019 Revolving Credit Facility"). We may request borrowings under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility until its maturity date of March 29, 2024. The 2019 Credit Agreement also allows us, subject to certain requirements, to arrange for additional borrowings with PNC for an aggregate amount up to 500.0 million, provided that any such request for additional borrowings must be in a minimum amount of 25.0 million. 
 As of August 31, 2021, we have borrowed 575.0 million of the available 750.0 million provided by the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility, resulting in 175.0 million available to be withdrawn. We are required to pay a commitment fee using a pricing grid which was 0.10 as of August 31, 2021. This fee is based on the daily amount by which the available balance in the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility exceeds the borrowed amount. All outstanding loan amounts are reported as Long-term debt within the Consolidated Balance Sheets at August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020. The principal balance is payable in full on the maturity date. 
 Borrowings under the loan bear interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to LIBOR plus a spread using a debt leverage pricing grid, which was 0.875 as of August 31, 2021. The variable rate of interest on the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility can expose us to interest rate volatility due to changes in LIBOR. To mitigate this exposure, on March 5, 2020, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of 287.5 million to hedge the variable interest rate obligation on a portion of our outstanding balance under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, we will pay interest at a fixed rate of 0.7995 and receive variable interest payments based on the same one-month LIBOR utilized to calculate the interest expense from the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility. The interest rate swap agreement matures on March 29, 2024. There is currently a global transition, known as reference rate reform, away from referencing the LIBOR, and other interbank offered rates, and toward new reference rates. As a result of the reference rate reform initiative, these interbank offered rates, including LIBOR are expected to be discontinued. Refer to Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our evaluation of reference rate reform on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Including the effects of the interest rate swap agreemen t, the weighted average interest rate on amounts outstanding under our 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was 1.38 and 2.20 for the twelve months ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively. Interest on the outstanding balance under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility is payable quarterly, in arrears, and on the maturity date. 
 The 2019 Credit Agreement contains covenants and requirements restricting certain of our activities, which are usual and customary for this type of loan. In addition, the 2019 Credit Agreement requires that we maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio, as measured by total net funded debt/EBITDA (as defined in the 2019 Credit Agreement) below a specified level as of the end of each fiscal quarter. We were in compliance with all the covenants and requirements within the 2019 Credit Agreement as of August 31, 2021. 
 Letters of Credit 
 From time to time, we are required to obtain letters of credit in the ordinary course of business. Approximately 2.8 million of standby letters of credit have been issued in connection with our leased office spaces as of August 31, 2021. These standby letters of credit utilize the same covenants included in the 2019 Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 13, Debt of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on these covenants. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Uses of Liquidity 
 Returning Value to Shareholders 
 For the year ended August 31, 2021, we returned 382.6 million to stockholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 Under our share repurchase program, we may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time in the open market and privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions. In fiscal 2021, we repurchased 0.8 million shares for 264.7 million under our existing share repurchase program compared with 0.7 million shares for 199.6 million in fiscal 2020. A total of 199.9 million remains authorized for future share repurchases as of August 31, 2021. There is no defined number of shares to be repurchased over a specified timeframe through the life of the share repurchase program. It is expected that share repurchases will be paid using existing and future cash generated by operations. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 For the year ended August 31, 2021, capital expenditures were 61.3 million, compared with 77.6 million during the same period a year ago, a decrease of 16.3 million. Capital expenditures decreased as the cost related to the build-out of our office space in the Philippines during the year ended August 31, 2021 was less than the cost related to the build-out of our new corporate headquarters in Norwalk, Connecticut and office space in India during the prior year period. This decrease was partially offset by higher expenditures related to the development of capitalized internal-use software during the year ended August 31, 2021 compared with the prior year. 
 Dividends 
 On August 9, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly dividend of 0.82 which was paid on September 16, 2021. During fiscal 2021, the quarterly dividend increased 0.05 per share or 6.5 , which marked the 22nd consecutive year we have increased dividends, highlighting our continued commitment to returning value to stockholders. Over the last 12 months, we have paid 117.9 million in cash dividends. Future cash dividends will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by us and is subject to final determination by our Board of Directors. 
 Acquisitions 
 During fiscal 2021, we completed acquisitions of businesses, with the most significant cash flows related to the acquisition of Truvalue Labs, Inc. ("TVL") on November 2, 2020. We acquired all of the outstanding shares of TVL for a purchase price of 41.9 million, subject to working capital and other adjustments. TVL is a leading provider of ESG information. TVL applies artificial intelligence driven technology to over 100,000 unstructured text sources in multiple languages, including news, trade journals, and non-governmental organizations and industry reports, to provide daily signals that identify positive and negative ESG behavior. The acquisition of TVL further enhances our commitment to providing industry leading access to ESG data across our platforms. Refer to Note 7, Acquisition, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the TVL acquisition. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Purchase obligations represent committed payments due in future periods to our various data vendors and for other goods and services. These purchase commitments are agreements that are enforceable and legally binding on us, and they specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, we had total purchase commitments with suppliers of 191.9 million and 226.0 million, respectively. We also have contractual obligations related to our lease liabilities and outstanding debt. Refer to Note 12, Leases and Note 13, Debt for information regarding lease commitments and outstanding debt obligations, respectively. 
 Our purchase obligations consist of two primary arrangements, data content and hosting services. Data content is an integral component of the value we provide to our clients. Hosting services support our technology investments related to our migration to cloud-based hosting services, the majority of which rely on third-party hosting providers. Of the 191.9 million in purchase commitments, 84.0 million relates to hosting services and 78.7 million relates to data content. Additional commitments relate primarily to third-party software providers. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Cash Flows 
 The table below, for the periods indicated, provides selected cash flow information: 
 Years ended August 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Net cash provided by operating activities 555,226 505,840 49,386 9.8 Net cash used in investing activities (135,992) (73,632) (62,360) 84.7 Net cash used in financing activities (322,711) (218,075) (104,636) 48.0 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (263) 11,673 (11,936) (102.3) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 96,260 225,806 (129,546) (57.4) 
 Cash and cash equivalents aggregated to 681.9 million as of August 31, 2021, compared with 585.6 million as of August 31, 2020. Our cash and cash equivalents increased 96.3 million during the twelve months ended August 31, 2021, primarily due to inflows of 555.2 million from net cash provided by operating activities and 64.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options, partially offset by cash outflows of 264.7 million in share repurchases, 117.9 million in dividend payments, 58.1 million for the acquisition of businesses and 61.3 million of capital expenditures. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents are held in numerous locations throughout the world, with 266.9 million within the Americas, 369.3 million within EMEA (predominantly within the UK, Germany, and France) and the remaining 45.8 million within Asia Pacific (predominantly within the Philippines and India) as of August 31, 2021. We intend to reinvest substantially all of our accumulated undistributed foreign earnings, except in instances where repatriation would result in minimal additional tax. As a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA"), we believe that the income tax impact if such earnings were repatriated would be minimal. 
 Operating 
 For fiscal 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was 555.2 million compared with 505.8 million for fiscal 2020, an increase of 49.4 million. This increase was primarily driven by higher net income and the timing of tax payments in certain jurisdictions, partially offset by certain working capital changes, inclusive of increases in variable compensation accruals. 
 Investing 
 For fiscal 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 136.0 million, representing a 62.4 million increase from the prior year. This increase was mainly due to the acquisition of businesses, primarily related to the acquisition of TVL for approximately 41.9 million in cash, net of cash acquired, and a 16.3 million decrease in capital expenditures. 
 Financing 
 For fiscal 2021, net cash used by financing activities was 322.7 million, representing a 104.6 million increase in cash outflows compared with the prior year. Financing activities were impacted by a 65.1 million increase in share repurchases, a 31.3 million decrease in proceeds from employee stock plans, and an increase of 7.5 million in dividend payments. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We define free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, as cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property, equipment, leasehold improvements and capitalized internal use software. We present free cash flow solely as a supplemental disclosure to provide useful information to investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after necessary capital expenditures. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after necessary capital expenditures. The following table reconciles our net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow: 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Years ended August 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 555,226 505,840 Capital expenditures (1) 
 (61,325) (77,642) Free cash flow 493,901 428,198 
 (1) Capital expenditures are included in net cash used in investing activities during each fiscal period reported and include property, equipment, leasehold improvements and internal-use software. 
 For fiscal 2021, we generated free cash flow of 493.9 million compared with 428.2 million in fiscal 2020, an increase of 65.7 million. This increase reflects an increase of 49.4 million in cash provided by operating activities and decreases in capital expenditures of 16.3 million. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 At August 31, 2021 and 2020, we had no off-balance sheet financing or other arrangements with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships (such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities) established for purposes of facilitating off-balance sheet financing other debt arrangements, or other contractually limited purposes. 
 
 Foreign Currency 
 Foreign Currency Exposure 
 Certain wholly-owned subsidiaries, primarily within the EMEA and Asia Pacific segments, where approximately 78 of our employees are located, are exposed to volatility in currency exchange rates through translation of the foreign subsidiaries' net assets or liabilities from their respective functional currencies into U.S. dollars, using an end of period exchange rate. The net translation gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a component of stockholders equity. 
 During fiscal 2021, foreign currency movements decreased operating income by 5.4 million, compared with a 5.0 million increase to operating income in the prior year. To mitigate the foreign currency exposure, we entered into a series of forward contracts to hedge a portion of our British Pound Sterling, Euro, Indian Rupee, and Philippine Peso exposures ranging from 25 to 75 over their respective hedged periods as of August 31, 2021. The current foreign currency forward contracts are set to mature at various points between the first quarter of fiscal 2022 through the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 As of August 31, 2021, the gross notional value of foreign currency forward contracts to purchase Philippine Pesos and Indian Rupees with U.S. dollars was 1.4 billion and Rs2.6 billion, respectively. The gross notional value of foreign currency forward contracts to purchase U.S. dollars with Euros and British Pound Sterling was 33.8 million and 37.7 million, respectively. 
 A loss on foreign currency forward contracts of 5.0 million was recorded into operating income during fiscal 2021, compared with a loss of 1.6 million in fiscal 2020. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires us to make certain estimates and apply judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable at the time the Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared and, as such, they may ultimately differ materially from actual results. 
 We describe our significant accounting policies in Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The critical accounting estimates and judgments that we believe to have the most significant impacts to our Consolidated Financial Statements are described below. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our tax provision is an estimate based on our understanding of laws in Federal, state and foreign tax jurisdictions. These laws can be complicated and are difficult to apply to 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 any business. The tax laws also require us to allocate our taxable income to many jurisdictions based on subjective allocation methodologies and information collection processes. Our effective tax rates differ from the statutory rate primarily due to the impact of state taxes, foreign operations, research and development ("R D") and other tax credits, tax audit settlements, incentive-stock options and the foreign derived intangible income ("FDII") deduction. Our annual effective tax rate was 14.5 , 12.7 and 16.4 in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by numerous factors such as changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, including accounting for uncertain tax positions or interpretations of them. Significant judgment is required to determine recognition and measurement. Further, as a result of certain ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates and in some cases is wholly exempt from tax. Our failure to meet these commitments could adversely affect our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 
 To account for unrecognized tax benefits, we first determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date. A tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority. The determination of liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits, including associated interest and penalties, requires significant estimates. There can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, however, we have no reason to believe that such audits will result in the payment of additional taxes and/or penalties that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position, beyond current estimates. For this reason and due to ongoing audits by multiple tax authorities, we regularly engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. We do not currently anticipate that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12 months. 
 We classify the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as Taxes Payable (non-current) and to the extent that we anticipate payment of cash within one year, the benefit will be classified as Taxes Payable (current). Additionally, we accrue interest on all tax exposures for which reserves have been established consistent with jurisdictional tax laws. This interest is classified as income tax expense in the financial statements. As of August 31, 2021 , we had gross unrecognized tax benefits totaling 14.9 million, including 1.3 million of accrued interest, recorded as Taxes Payable (non-current) within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 11, Income Taxes in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 Performance-based Equity Awards 
 Performance-based equity awards require management to make assumptions regarding the likelihood of achieving performance targets. The number of performance-based awards that vest will be predicated on achieving performance levels during the measurement period subsequent to the date of grant. Dependent on the financial performance levels attained, a percentage of the performance-based awards will vest to the grantees. However, there is no current guarantee that such awards will vest in whole or in part. Refer to Note 17, Stock-Based Compensation in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill is assigned to one or more reporting units on the date of acquisition. Our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. Goodwill is not amortized as it is estimated to have an indefinite life. We review our goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any one of our reporting units below its respective carrying amount. 
 We may elect to perform a qualitative analysis for the reporting units to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. In performing a qualitative assessment, we consider such factors as macro-economic conditions, industry and market conditions in which we operate, including the competitive environment and significant changes in demand for our services. We also consider the share price both in absolute terms and in relation to peer companies. If the qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 carrying amount or if we elect not to perform a qualitative analysis, a quantitative analysis is performed to determine whether a goodwill impairment exists. 
 The quantitative goodwill impairment analysis is used to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount using an income approach, along with other relevant market information, derived from a discounted cash flow model to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. An impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, if any, would be recognized. The loss recognized would not exceed total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 We completed our annual goodwill impairment test during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. We determined, after performing a qualitative review of each reporting unit, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit substantially exceeds their respective carrying amounts. Accordingly, there was no indication of impairment and a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not performed. 
 Our identifiable intangible assets consist of acquired content databases, client relationships, software technology, and trade names resulting from acquisitions, which have been fully integrated into our operations, as well as internal-use software. We amortize intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which are evaluated quarterly to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. The weighted average useful life of our identifiable intangible assets at August 31, 2021 was 9.1 years. If the estimate of the remaining useful life is changed, the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over that revised remaining useful life. There were no material adjustments to the useful lives of intangible assets subject to amortization during any of the periods presented. These intangible assets had no assigned residual values as of August 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss for intangible assets that management expects to hold, and use is based on the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, which may be based on estimated future cash flows (discounted). No indicators of impairment of intangible assets has been identified during any of the periods presented. Our ongoing consideration of recoverability could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The carrying value of intangible assets as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 was 135.0 million and 121.1 million, respectively. Refer to Note 9, Goodwill and Note 10, Intangible Assets in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 Long-lived assets, comprised of property, equipment and leasehold improvements and lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. In evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, we use our best estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and excluding interest charges). If the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that such asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, based on the most appropriate valuation technique, including discounted cash flows. 
 In determining indicators for impairment, we take various factors into account, including, but not limited to, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; changes in expected useful life; unanticipated competition; slower growth rates, ongoing maintenance and improvements of the assets, or changes in the usage or operating performance. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred and in calculating the inputs to the impairment calculation such as estimates related to future cash flows and asset fair values, forecasting asset useful lives and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows. If actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions included in our impairment assessment, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. 
 There have been no long-lived asset impairment charges and no change to our impairment assessment methodology for each of the last three years. The carrying value of long-lived assets was 131.4 million as of August 31, 2021 and 133.1 million as of August 31, 2020. Refer to Note 8, Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 Contingencies 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims and litigation that have arisen in the ordinary course of business, which involve inherent uncertainties including, but not limited to, employment matters, and commercial and intellectual property litigation. Assessing the probability of loss for such contingencies and determining how to accrue the appropriate liabilities 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 requires judgment. If actual results differ from our assessments, our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows would be affected. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations using the purchase method of accounting. The acquisition purchase price is allocated to the underlying identified, tangible and intangible assets and liabilities assumed, based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase consideration over the fair values of the identified assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill and assigned to one or more reporting units. The amounts and useful lives assigned to acquisition-related tangible and intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the expected useful life, requires management s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. Acquisition-related expenses and restructuring costs, if any, are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption, which we include here by reference. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as we conduct business outside the U.S. in several currencies including the British Pound Sterling, Euro, Indian Rupee, and Philippine Peso. Changes in the exchange rates for such currencies into U.S. dollars can affect our revenues, earnings, and the carrying values of our assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet, either positively or negatively. 
 To manage the exposures related to the effects of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, we utilize derivative instruments (foreign currency forward contracts). The changes in fair value for these foreign currency forward contracts are initially reported as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCL") and subsequently reclassified into operating expenses when the hedged exposure affects earnings. 
 A sensitivity analysis was performed based on the estimated fair value of all foreign currency forward contracts outstanding at August 31, 2021. If the U.S. dollar had been 10 weaker, the fair value of outstanding foreign currency forward contracts would have increased by 15.3 million, which would have had an immaterial impact on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Such a change in fair value of our financial instruments would be substantially offset by changes in our expense base. If we had no hedges in place as of August 31, 2021, a hypothetical 10 weaker U.S. dollar against all foreign currencies from the quoted foreign currency exchange rates at August 31, 2021, with operating results held constant in local currencies, would result in a decrease in operating income of 38.2 million over the next 12 months. A hypothetical 10 weaker U.S. dollar against all foreign currencies at August 31, 2021 would have increased the fair value of total assets by 71.4 million and equity by 46.7 million. 
 Refer to Note 6, Derivative Instruments in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our foreign currency exposures and our foreign currency forward contracts. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Investments 
 The fair market value of our cash and cash equivalents and investments at August 31, 2021 was 717.8 million. Our cash and cash equivalents consist of demand deposits and money market funds with original maturities of three months or less and are reported at fair value. We are exposed to interest rate risk through fluctuations of interest rates on our investments. As we have a restrictive investment policy, our financial exposure to fluctuations in interest rates is expected to remain low. Refer to Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Debt 
 As of August 31, 2021, we had long term debt outstanding under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility with a principal balance of 575.0 million. The debt bears interest on the outstanding principle at a rate equal to LIBOR plus a spread, using a debt leverage pricing grid. The variable rate of interest on our long-term debt can expose us to interest rate volatility due to changes in LIBOR. To mitigate this exposure, on March 5, 2020, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of 287.5 million to hedge the variable interest rate obligation, effectively converting the floating interest rate to fixed for the hedged portion. Thus, we are only exposed to base interest rate risk on floating rate borrowings in excess of any amounts that are not hedged, or 287.5 million of our outstanding principal balance. Assuming all terms of our outstanding long-term debt remained the same, a hypothetical 25 basis point change (up or down) in the one-month LIBOR would result in a 0.7 million change to our annual interest expense for the portion of the long-term debt not hedged by the interest rate swap agreement. Refer to Note 13, Debt in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our outstanding debt obligations. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Management s Statement of Responsibility for Financial Statements 
 50 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 50 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 51 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 55 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended August 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 
 58 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 94 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Statement of Responsibility for Financial Statements 
 FactSet s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared by management, which is responsible for their fairness, integrity and objectivity. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include amounts based on management s estimates and judgments. All financial information in this Report on Form 10-K has been presented on a basis consistent with the information included in the accompanying financial statements. 
 FactSet s policies and practices reflect corporate governance initiatives that are compliant with the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Stock Market and the corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Management, with oversight by our Board of Directors, has established and maintains a strong ethical climate so that our affairs are conducted to the highest standards of personal and corporate conduct. 
 FactSet maintains accounting systems, including internal accounting controls, designed to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of financial records and the protection of assets. The concept of reasonable assurance is based on recognition that the cost of a system should not exceed the related benefits. The effectiveness of those systems depends primarily upon the careful selection of financial and other managers, clear delegation of authority and assignment of accountability, inculcation of high business ethics and conflict-of-interest standards, policies and procedures for coordinating the management of corporate resources, and the leadership and commitment of top management. In compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, FactSet assessed its internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021 and issued a report (see below). 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for FactSet. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of FactSet; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of FactSet are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of FactSet; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management (with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of FactSet s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that FactSet s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2021. Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of FactSet s internal control over financial reporting and has issued a report on FactSet s internal control over financial reporting, which is included in their report on the subsequent page. 

/s/ F. PHILIP SNOW /s/ LINDA S. HUBER F. Philip Snow Linda S. Huber Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer October 22, 2021 October 22, 2021 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of FactSet Research Systems Inc. (the Company) as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 8 (collectively referred to as the Consolidated Financial Statements ). In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated October 22, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02 
 As discussed in Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases in 2020 due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Measurement of income tax provision Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and 11, Income Taxes, of the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company serves international markets and is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, which affect the Company s provision for income taxes. The tax provision is an estimate based on management s understanding of current enacted tax laws and tax rates of each tax jurisdiction and the use of subjective allocation methodologies to allocate taxable income to tax jurisdictions based upon the structure of the Company s operations and customer arrangements. For the year-ended August 31, 2021, the Company recognized a consolidated provision for income taxes of 68 million with 41 million related to its U.S. operations and 27 million related to its non-U.S. operations. 
 
 Management s calculation of the provision for income taxes was significant to our audit because the provision for income taxes involved subjective estimation and complex audit judgement related to the evaluation of tax laws, including the methods used to allocate taxable income, and the amounts and disclosures are material to the financial statements. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over management s calculation of its provision for income taxes. For example, we tested controls over management s evaluation of the allocation methodologies and management s review of the assumptions and data utilized in determining the allocation of income to applicable tax jurisdictions. 
 Among other audit procedures performed, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s allocation methodologies by analyzing the methodology based on the Company s structure, operations and current tax law. We recalculated income tax expense using management s methodology and agreed the data used in the calculations to the Company s underlying books and records. We involved our tax professionals to evaluate the application of tax law to management s allocation methodologies and tax positions. This included assessing the Company s correspondence with the relevant tax authorities and evaluating third-party reports and advice obtained by the Company. We also performed a sensitivity analysis to evaluate the effect from changes in management s allocation methodologies and assumptions. We have evaluated the Company s income tax disclosures included in Note 11, Income Taxes , of the Consolidated Financial Statements in relation to these matters. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 Stamford, CT 
 October 22, 2021 

52 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited FactSet Research System Inc. s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and our report dated October 22, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Stamford, CT 
 October 22, 2021 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (in thousands, except per share data) For the years ended August 31, 2021 2020 2019 Revenues Operating expenses Cost of services Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Basic weighted average common shares Diluted weighted average common shares 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) For the years ended August 31, 2021 2020 2019 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Net unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 thousand, tax expense of thousand, and a tax expense of thousand, respectively. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share data) August 31, 2021 2020 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Investments Accounts receivable, net of reserves of at August 31, 2021 and at August 31, 2020 
 Prepaid taxes Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred taxes Lease right-of-use assets, net Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current lease liabilities Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Dividends payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred taxes Deferred revenue, non-current Taxes payable Long-term lease liabilities Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (see Note 14) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding at August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost: and shares at August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Years ended August 31, 2021 2020 2019 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Amortization of lease right-of-use assets Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Impairment Charge Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions Accounts receivable, net of reserves ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Accrued compensation ) Deferred fees Taxes payable, net of prepaid taxes ) ) Lease liabilities, net ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property, equipment, leasehold improvements and internal-use software ) ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from maturity or sale of investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Dividend payments ) ) ) Repayment of debt ) Proceeds from debt Proceeds from employee stock plans Other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the year for interest Cash paid during the year for income taxes, net of refunds Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Transactions Dividends declared, not paid 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity Shares Par Value Shares Amount Balance as of September 1, 2018 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock issued for employee stock plans Vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of accounting standards Balance as of August 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss Common stock issued for employee stock plans ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common stock issued for employee stock plans ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2021 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Note 1 
 Description of Business 
 59 
 Note 2 
 Basis of Presentation 
 60 
 Note 3 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 60 
 Note 4 
 Revenue Recognition 
 66 
 Note 5 
 Fair Value Measures 
 67 
 Note 6 
 Derivative Instruments 
 69 
 Note 7 
 Acquisition 
 71 
 Note 8 
 Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
 71 
 Note 9 
 Goodwill 
 72 
 Note 10 
 Intangible Assets 
 72 
 Note 11 
 Income Taxes 
 73 
 Note 12 
 Leases 
 76 
 Note 13 
 Debt 
 78 
 Note 14 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 78 
 Note 15 
 Stockholders' Equity 
 80 
 Note 16 
 Earnings Per Share 
 81 
 Note 17 
 Stock Based Compensation 
 82 
 Note 18 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 86 
 Note 19 
 Segment Information 
 86 
 Note 20 
 Risks and Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 88 
 Note 21 
 Subsequent Events 
 90 

1. 
 reportable segments ("segments"): the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. Refer to Note 19, Segment Information, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. Within each of our segments, we primarily deliver insight and 
 59 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 
 Use of Estimates 

3. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

million and million during fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million, including million of accrued interest, recorded as Taxes payable (non-current) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

61 

Table of Contents 

 million, which will be billed in fiscal 2022. As of August 31, 2020, the amount of accounts receivable that was unbilled totaled million, which were billed in fiscal 2021. 
 Accounts receivable are recorded net of an allowance for credit losses based on a variety of factors, including our historical write-off activity, current economic environment, customer-specific information and expectations of future economic conditions. We write-off account balances against our reserve when we have exhausted our collection efforts. In accordance with this policy, our receivable reserves were million and million as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, recorded as a reduction to Accounts receivable, within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 for computers and related equipment and for furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their respective useful lives or the related lease term. Repairs and maintenance expenditures, which are not considered leasehold improvements and do not extend the useful life of the property and equipment, are expensed as incurred. 
 We perform a test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an individual asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Should projected undiscounted future cash flows be less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, an impairment charge reducing the carrying amount to fair value is required. Fair value is determined based on the most appropriate valuation technique, including discounted cash flows. If we recognize an impairment loss, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. The new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining useful life of that asset. 
 reporting units, Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific, which are consistent with the operating segments reported, as discrete financial information is not available for subsidiaries within the operating segments. 
 We may elect to perform a qualitative analysis for the reporting units to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. In performing a qualitative assessment, we consider such factors as macro-economic conditions, industry and market conditions in which we operate, including the competitive environment and significant changes in demand for our services. We also consider the share price both in absolute terms and in relation to peer companies. If the qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or if we elect not to perform a qualitative analysis, a quantitative analysis is performed to determine whether a goodwill impairment exists. 
 The quantitative goodwill impairment analysis is used to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount using an income approach, along with other relevant market information, derived from a discounted cash flow model to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The annual review of carrying value of goodwill requires us to develop estimates of future business performance. These estimates are used to derive expected cash flows and include assumptions regarding future sales levels and the level of working capital needed to support a given business. The discounted cash flow model also includes a determination of our weighted average cost of capital by reporting unit. Cost of capital is based on assumptions about interest rates, as well as a risk-adjusted rate of return required by our equity investors. Changes in these estimates can impact present value of expected cash flows used in determining fair value of a reporting unit. An impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, if any, would be recognized. The loss recognized would not exceed total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment test during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 utilizing a qualitative analysis and concluded it was more likely than not the fair value of each reporting unit was greater than its respective carrying value and impairment charge was required. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 impairment of intangible assets has been identified during any of the fiscal years presented. The intangible assets have no assigned residual values. 
 Internally Developed Software 
 . These assets are subject to the impairment test guidance specified in the acquired intangible assets above. 
 to just over years. The lease ROU assets and lease liabilities recognized did not include any renewal or termination options that were not yet reasonably certain to be exercised. 
 
 million and million as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 million revolving credit facility (the "2019 Revolving Credit Facility"). The outstanding principal balance of million bears interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus a spread, using a debt leverage pricing grid. The variable rate of interest on our long-term debt can expose us to interest rate volatility due to changes in LIBOR. To mitigate this exposure, on March 5, 2020, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of million to hedge the variable interest rate obligation, effectively converting the floating interest rate to fixed for the hedged portion. Thus, we are only exposed to base interest rate risk on floating rate borrowings in excess of any amounts that are not hedged, or million of the outstanding principal balance. 
 Derivative Instrument Classification 
 The changes in fair value for these cash flow hedges are initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCL") and subsequently reclassified into operating expenses when the hedged exposure affects earnings. All derivatives are assessed for effectiveness at each reporting period. 
 million and million at August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 million and corresponding Current and Long-term lease liabilities of million, related primarily to the Company s real estate leases. There was no material impact to the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity. Refer to Note 12, Leases for more information regarding the Company's lease accounting. 
 Hedge Accounting Simplification 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we adopted the accounting standard updated issued by the FASB in August 2017, which focused on reducing the complexity of and simplifying the application of hedge accounting. The guidance refines and expands hedge accounting for both financial and non-financial risk components, eliminates the need to separately measure and report 
 65 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 EMEA Asia Pacific Total Revenue 

5. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Mutual Funds (2) 
 Derivative instruments (4) 
 Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Derivative instruments (4) 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 (in thousands) Fair Value Measurements at August 31, 2020 Level 1 Level 2 Total Assets Corporate money market funds (1) 
 Mutual funds (2) 
 Certificates of deposit (3) 
 Derivative instruments (4) 
 Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Derivative instruments (4) 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 (1) Our corporate money market funds are readily convertible into cash and the net asset value of each fund on the last day of the quarter is used to determine its fair value. Our corporate money market funds are classified as Level 1 assets and are included in Cash and cash equivalents within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Our mutual funds have a fair value based on the fair value of the underlying investments held by the mutual funds, allocated to each share of the mutual fund using a net asset value approach. The fair value of the underlying investments is based on observable inputs. Our mutual funds are classified as Level 2 and are included in Investments (short-term) within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Our certificates of deposit held for investment are classified as Level 2 assets. These certificates of deposit have original maturities greater than three months but less than one year and are included in Investments (short-term) within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (4) We utilize the income approach to measure fair value for our foreign exchange forward contracts. The income approach uses pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as spot, forward and interest rates, as well as credit default swap spreads, and are classified as Level 2 assets. To estimate fair value for the interest rate swap agreement, we utilize a present value of future cash flows, leveraging a model-derived valuation that uses Level 2 observable inputs such as interest rate yield curves. Refer to Note 6, Derivative Instruments for more information on our derivative instruments designed as cash flow hedges and their classification within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (b) Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis relate primarily to our tangible fixed assets, operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets, goodwill and intangible assets. The fair values of these non-financial assets and 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 million, which approximated its carrying amount given the application of a floating interest rate equal to LIBOR plus a spread using a debt leverage pricing grid. As the interest rate is a variable rate, adjusted based on market conditions, it approximates the current market-rate for similar instruments available to companies with comparable credit quality and maturity, and therefore, the long-term debt is categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 6. 
 to over their respective hedged periods. The current foreign currency forward contracts are set to mature at various points between the first quarter of fiscal 2022 through the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 . 
 As of August 31, 2021, the gross notional value of foreign currency forward contracts to purchase Philippine Pesos and Indian Rupees with U.S. dollars was billion and Rs billion, respectively. The gross notional value of foreign currency forward contracts to purchase U.S. dollars with Euros and British Pound Sterling was million and million, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
 On March 5, 2020, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of million to hedge the variable interest rate obligation on a portion of our outstanding debt under our 2019 Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below in Note 13, Debt ). As of August 31, 2021 , we have borrowed million of the available million under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility, which bears interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to a contractual one month LIBOR plus a spread using a debt leverage pricing grid, which was as of August 31, 2021. Refer to Note 13, Debt, for further discussion on the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility The variable interest rate on our long-term debt can expose us to interest rate volatility arising from changes in LIBOR. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, we will pay interest at a fixed rate of and receive variable interest payments based on the same one-month LIBOR utilized to calculate the interest expense from the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility. The interest rate swap agreement matures on March 29, 2024. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate swap agreement Total cash flow hedges 
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses Interest rate swap agreement Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other assets Other liabilities Total cash flow hedges 
 
 All derivatives were designated as hedging instruments as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
 ) SG A ) ) Interest rate swap agreement ) Interest expense, net ) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) 
 As of August 31, 2021 , we estimate that net pre-tax derivative losses of million included in AOCL will be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. No amount of ineffectiveness was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for these designated cash flow hedges and all components of each derivative s gain or loss were included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

7. 
 million, subject to working capital and other adjustments. TVL is a leading provider of environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") information. TVL applies artificial intelligence driven technology to over 100,000 unstructured text sources in multiple languages, including news, trade journals, and non-governmental organizations and industry reports, to provide daily signals that identify positive and negative ESG behavior. The acquisition of TVL further enhances our commitment to providing industry leading access to ESG data across our platforms. The TVL purchase price was in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired, resulting in the recognition of goodwill. We finalized the purchase accounting for the TVL acquisition during the third quarter of fiscal 2021 and did not record any material changes to the preliminary purchase price allocation. 
 
 Amortizable intangible assets Software technology years Straight-line Client relationships years Straight-line Trade names years Straight-line Goodwill Other assets Current liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Total purchase price 
 million represents the excess of the TVL purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired and is included in the Americas segment. Goodwill generated from the TVL acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. The results of TVL's operations have been included in our Consolidated Financial Statements, within the Americas segment, beginning with its acquisition on November 2, 2020. Pro forma information has not been presented because the effect of the TVL acquisition is not material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 8. 
 Computers and related equipment Furniture and fixtures Subtotal Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Foreign currency translations Balance at August 31, 2020 Acquisitions Foreign currency translations ) Balance at August 31, 2021 
 impairment charge was required. 
 
 10. 
 
 to 
 Client relationships to 
 Software technology to 
 Developed technology to 
 Non-compete agreements to 
 Trade names to 
 Total 
 The weighted average useful life of our intangible assets at August 31, 2021 was years. We assess intangible assets for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis, including an evaluation of our useful lives to determine if events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. If indicators of impairment are present, amortizable intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value to undiscounted cash flows and, if impaired, written down to fair value based on discounted cash flows. We have t identified a material impairment, nor a material change to the estimated remaining useful lives of our intangible assets during fiscal years 2021 and 2020. The intangible assets have no assigned residual values. 
 Amortization expense recorded for intangible assets was million, million, and million during fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019 , respectively. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 

11. 
 Non-U.S. operations Income before income taxes U.S. operations Non-U.S. operations Total provision for income taxes Effective tax rate 
 U.S. state and local Non-U.S. Total current taxes Deferred U.S. federal U.S. state and local ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) Total deferred taxes ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State and local taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax benefit Foreign income at other than U.S. rates ) ) ) 
 Foreign derived intangible income ("FDII") deduction ) ) ) Income tax benefits from R D tax credits ) ) ) Share-based payments ) ) ) One-time transition tax from TCJA ) (1) 
 Other, net ) Effective tax rate 
 million net benefit revision recorded during fiscal 2019 associated with finalizing the accounting for the tax effects of the TCJA during fiscal 2019. 
 
 The fiscal 2021 provision for income taxes was million, compared with million in fiscal 2020, an increase of . The increase was primarily due to net changes in jurisdictional pre-tax book income in fiscal 2021, compared with the same period in the prior year. Additionally, the increase was driven by a million lower windfall tax benefit from stock-based compensation for fiscal 2021, compared with fiscal 2020, changes in tax rates in certain jurisdictions, and a lower benefit from finalizing prior year tax returns of million. The increase was partially offset by the impact of the true-up of certain foreign deferred tax balances, and higher research and development tax credits. 
 Due to the changes in taxation of undistributed foreign earnings under the TCJA, we will continue to analyze foreign subsidiary earnings, as well as global working capital requirements, and may repatriate earnings when the amounts are remitted substantially free of additional tax. 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 Stock-based compensation Unrealized tax loss on investment Other Total deferred tax assets 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Purchased intangible assets, including acquired technology Lease right-of-use assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Unrecognized Tax Positions 
 Applicable accounting guidance prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, classification and disclosure of uncertain tax positions that a company has taken or expects to take on a tax return. We recognize the financial effect of an income tax position only if it is more likely than not (greater than 50 that the tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits of the tax position. Otherwise, no benefit or expense can be recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The tax benefits recognized are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority . Additionally, we accrue interest on all tax exposures for which reserves have been established consistent with jurisdictional tax laws. 
 The determination of liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits , including associated interest and penalties, requires significant estimates. There can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the audit outcomes, h owever, we have no reason to believe that such audits will result in the payment of additional taxes and/or penalties that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position, beyond current estimates. For this reason and due to ongoing audits by multiple tax authorities, we will regularly engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. We do not currently anticipate that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12 months. 
 We classify the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as Taxes Payable (non-current) and to the extent that we anticipate payment of cash within one year, the benefit will be classified as Taxes Payable (current). Additionally, we accrue interest on all tax exposures for which reserves have been established consistent with jurisdictional tax laws. This interest is classified as income tax expense in the financial statements. As of August 31, 2021 , we had gross unrecognized tax benefits totaling million, including million of accrued interest, recorded as Taxes Payable (non-current) within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Statute of limitations lapse ) Unrecognized income tax benefits at August 31, 2019 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Release for tax positions of prior years ) Unrecognized income tax benefits at August 31, 2020 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Release for tax positions of prior years ) Unrecognized income tax benefits at August 31, 2021 

12. 
 million of Lease right-of-use assets, net and million of combined Current and Long-term lease liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such leases have a remaining lease term ranging from less than to just over years and did not include any renewal or termination options that were not yet reasonably certain to be exercised. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Imputed Interest Present Value 
 Variable lease cost 2 
 
 1. Operating lease costs included costs associated with fixed lease payments and index-based variable payments that qualified for lease accounting under ASC 842, Leases and complied with the practical expedients and exceptions elected by us. 
 2. Variable lease costs were not included in the measurement of lease liabilities. These costs primarily included variable non-lease costs and leases that qualified for the short-term lease exception. Our variable non-lease costs included costs that were not fixed at the lease commencement date and are not dependent on an index or rate. These costs relate to utilities, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance. 
 The following table summarizes our lease term and discount rate assumptions related to the operating leases recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: At August 31, 2021 2020 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 
 Weighted average discount rate (IBR) 
 
 The following table summarizes supplemental cash flow information related to our operating leases: At August 31, (in millions) 
 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 2019 Revolving Credit Facility debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 2019 Credit Agreement 
 On March 29, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement, as the borrower, with PNC Bank, National Association ("PNC"), as the administrative agent and lender (the "2019 Credit Agreement"). The 2019 Credit Agreement provides for a million revolving credit facility (the "2019 Revolving Credit Facility"). We may request borrowings under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility until its maturity date of March 29, 2024. The 2019 Credit Agreement also allows us, subject to certain requirements, to arrange for additional borrowings with PNC for an aggregate amount up to million, provided that any such request for additional borrowings must be in a minimum amount of million. 
 We borrowed million of the available million provided by the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility, resulting in million available to be withdrawn. We are required to pay a commitment fee using a pricing grid currently at based on the daily amount by which the available balance in the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility exceeds the borrowed amount. All outstanding loan amounts are reported as Long-term debt within the Consolidated Balance Sheets at August 31, 2021. The principal balance is payable in full on the maturity date. 
 Borrowings under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility bear interes t on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to the daily LIBOR plus a spread using a debt leverage pricing grid, currently at . During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we recorded interest expense on our outstanding debt, including the amortization of debt issuance costs, net of the effects of the interest rate swap agreement of million and million, respectively. Including the effects of the interest rate swap agreement, the year-to-date weighted average interest rate on amounts outstanding under our 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was and as of August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively. Refer to Note 6, Derivative Instruments for further discussion on the interest rate swap agreement. Interest on the loan outstanding under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility is payable quarterly, in arrears, and on the maturity date. 
 During fiscal 2019, we incurred approximately million in debt issuance costs related to the 2019 Credit Agreement. These costs were capitalized as debt issuance costs and are amortized into interest expense ratably over the term of the 2019 Credit Agreement. 
 The 2019 Credit Agreement contains covenants and requirements restricting certain of our activities, which are usual and customary for this type of loan. In addition, the 2019 Credit Agreement requires that we maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio, as measured by total net funded debt/EBITDA (as defined in the 2019 Credit Agreement) below a specified level as of the end of each fiscal quarter. We were in compliance with all covenants and requirements within the 2019 Credit Agreement as of August 31, 2021. 
 
 14. 
 million and million, respectively. We also have contractual obligations related to our lease liabilities and outstanding debt. Refer to Note 12, Leases and Note 13, Debt for information regarding lease commitments and outstanding debt obligations, respectively. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million of standby letters of credit outstanding. These standby letters of credit utilize the same covenants included in the 2019 Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 13, Debt for more information on these covenants. 
 Contingencies 
 Income Taxes 
 Uncertain income tax positions are accounted for in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, refer to Note 11, Income Taxes for further details. We are currently under audit by tax authorities and have reserved for potential adjustments to our provision for income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated settlements with, these tax authorities. We believe that the final outcome of these examinations or settlements will not have a material effect on our results of operations nor our cash flows. If events occur which indicate payment of these amounts is unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in the recognition of tax benefits in the period we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. If our estimates of the federal, state, and foreign income tax liabilities are less than the ultimate assessment, additional expense would result. 
 Legal Matters 
 We accrue non-income-tax liabilities for contingencies when management believes that a loss is probable, and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. Contingent gains are recognized only when realized. We are engaged in various legal proceedings, claims and litigation that have arisen in the ordinary course of business, including employment matters, commercial and intellectual property litigation. The outcome of all the matters against us are subject to future resolution, including the uncertainties of litigation. Based on information available at August 31, 2021, our management believes that the ultimate outcome of these unresolved matters against us, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, our results of operations or our cash flows. 
 Sales Tax Matters 
 On August 8, 2019, we received a Notice of Intent to Assess (the "First Notice") additional sales taxes, interest and underpayment penalties from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Department of Revenue (the "Commonwealth") relating to the tax periods from January 1, 2006 through December 31, 2013. On July 20, 2021, we received a Notice of Intent to Assess (the "Second Notice", cumulatively with the First Notice, the "Notices") additional sales taxes, interest and underpayment penalties from the Commonwealth relating to the tax periods from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2018. Based upon the Notices, it is the Commonwealth's intention to assess sales tax, interest and underpayment penalties on previously recorded sales transactions. We have filed an appeal to the Notices and intend to contest any such assessment, if assessed. We continue to cooperate with the Commonwealth's inquiry with respect to the Notices. 
 On August 10, 2021, we received a letter (the Letter from the Commonwealth relating to the tax periods from January 1, 2019 through June 30, 2021, requesting additional sales information to determine if a notice of intent to assess should be issued to FactSet with respect to these tax periods. Based upon a preliminary review of the Letter, we believe the Commonwealth might seek to assess sales tax, interest and underpayment penalties on previously recorded sales transactions. We are cooperating with the Commonwealth's inquiry with respect to the Letter. 
 Due to the uncertainty surrounding the assessment process for both the Notices and Letter, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of these matters and, as such, have not recorded a liability for any of these matters as of August 31, 2021. We believe that we will ultimately prevail if we are presented with a formal assessment for any of these matters; however, if we do not prevail, the amount of any assessment could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Indemnifications 
 As permitted or required under Delaware law and to the maximum extent allowable under that law, we have certain obligations to indemnify our current and former officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is, or was serving, at our request in such capacity. These indemnification obligations are valid as long as the director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of FactSet, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification obligations is unlimited; however, we have a director and officer insurance policy that we believe mitigates our exposure and may enable us 
 79 

Table of Contents 

15. 
 Common stock issued for employee stock plans Repurchase of common stock from employees (1) 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock under the share repurchase program ) ) ) Balance, end of year at August 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively 
 
 (1) For fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 , we repurchased , and shares, or million, million and million, of common stock, respectively, primarily to satisfy tax withholding obligations due upon the vesting of stock-based awards. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 Under our share repurchase program, we may repurchase shares of our common stock from time-to-time in the open market and privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions. For the year ended August 31, 2021, we repurchased million shares for million compared with million shares for million for the year ended August 31, 2020. 
 On March 23, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a million increase to our existing share repurchase program. As of August 31, 2021, a total of million remained authorized for future share repurchases under this program. It is expected that share repurchases will be paid using existing and future cash generated by operations. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Restricted stock awards entitle the holders to receive shares of common stock as the awards vest over time. For the year ended August 31, 2021, shares of previously granted restricted stock vested and were included in common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2021 (recorded net of shares repurchased from employees at a cost of million to cover their cost of taxes upon vesting of the restricted stock). For the year ended August 31, 2020, shares of previously granted restricted stock vested and were included in common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2020 (recorded net of shares repurchased from employees at a cost of million to cover their cost of taxes upon vesting of the restricted stock). 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 November 30, 2020 December 17, 2020 Second Quarter February 26, 2021 March 18, 2021 Third Quarter May 31, 2021 June 17, 2021 Fourth Quarter August 31, 2021 September 16, 2021 Fiscal 2020 First Quarter November 29, 2019 December 19, 2019 Second Quarter February 28, 2020 March 19, 2020 Third Quarter May 29, 2020 June 18, 2020 Fourth Quarter August 31, 2020 September 17, 2020 
 Future cash dividend payments will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by us and are subject to final determination by our Board of Directors. 
 On May 5, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a increase in the regular quarterly dividend from to per share. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) ) Accumulated foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Total AOCL ) ) 

16. 
 Denominator Weighted average common shares used in the calculation of basic income per share Common stock equivalents associated with stock-based compensation plan Shares used in the calculation of diluted income per share Basic income per share Diluted income per share 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 stock options excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 performance-based awards excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. As of August 31, 2020 there were performance-based awards excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. 
 
 17. 
 million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of August 31, 2021, million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. There was stock-based compensation capitalized as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Stock Option Awards 
 Granted non-performance-based Granted non-employee Directors grant Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of August 31, 2019 Granted non-performance-based Granted non-employee Directors grant Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of August 31, 2020 Granted non-performance-based Granted non-employee Directors grant Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of August 31, 2021 Options vested and exercisable as of August 31, 2021 Options expected to vest as of August 31, 2021 
 The aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between our closing stock price as of August 31, 2021 of and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of options exercisable as of that date. 
 The total pre-tax intrinsic value of stock options exercised during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 stock options under the FactSet Research Systems Inc. Stock Option and Award Plan as Amended and Restated (the "LTIP") with a weighted average exercise price of to existing employees of FactSet, using the lattice-binomial option-pricing model. The majority of the stock options granted during the twelve months ended August 31, 2021 are related to the annual employee grant on November 9, 2020 under the LTIP. The stock option awards granted on November 9, 2020 vest annually on the anniversary date of the grant and are fully vested after , expiring from the date of grant. 
 Employee Stock Option Fair Value Determinations 
 We utilize the lattice-binomial option-pricing model ("binomial model") to estimate the fair value of new employee stock option grants. The binomial model is affected by our stock price, as well as, assumptions regarding several variables, which nclude, but are not limited to our expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, interest rates, option forfeitures and employee stock option exercise behaviors, to determine the grant date stock option award fair value. 
 Expected life (years) Term structure of volatility Dividend yield Weighted average estimated fair value Weighted average exercise price Fair value as a percentage of exercise price 
 The risk-free interest rate assumption for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Expected volatility is based on a combination of historical volatility of our stock and implied volatilities of publicly traded options to buy FactSet common stock with contractual terms closest to the expected life of options granted to employees. The approach to utilize a mix of historical and implied volatility was based upon the availability of actively traded options on our stock and our assessment that a combination of implied volatility and historical volatility is best representative of future stock price trends. We use historical data to estimate option exercises and employee termination within the valuation model. The dividend yield assumption is based on our history and expectation of dividend payouts. The expected life of employee stock options represents the weighted average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding and is a derived output of the binomial model. The binomial model estimates employees exercise behavior based on the option s remaining vested life and the extent to which the option is in-the-money. The binomial model estimates the probability of exercise as a function of these two variables based on the entire history of exercises and cancellations of all past option grants made by us. 
 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Awards 
 The FactSet Research Systems Inc. Non-Employee Directors Stock Option and Award Plan as Amended and Restated (the Director Plan provides for the grant of share-based awards, including stock options, to non-employee directors of FactSet. The expiration date of the Director Plan is December 19, 2027. The non-qualified stock options granted to directors vest 100 after on the anniversary date of the grant and expire from the date the options were granted. As of August 31, 2021, shares available for future grant under the Director Plan was . 
 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Fair Value Determinations 
 We utilize the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of new non-employee Director stock option grants. The Black-Scholes model is affected by our stock price, as well as, assumptions regarding several variables, which include, but are not limited to, our expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, interest rates, option forfeitures and employee stock option exercise behaviors, to determine the grant date stock-based payment award fair value. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 , , and stoc k options, respectively, to our non-employee Directors using the weighted average fair values, based on the following weighted average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model: 
 (Weighted average assumptions) Years ended August 31, 2021 2020 2019 Fair value Risk-free interest rate Expected life (years) Expected volatility Dividend yield 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Our LTIP provides for the grant of share-based awards, including awards of restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance share units ("PSUs"; RSUs and PSUs, collectively, "Restricted Stock Awards"). The Restricted Stock Awards are subject to continued employment over a specified period. The Restricted Stock Awards granted to employees entitle the holders to shares of common stock as the Restricted Stock Awards vest over time, but not to dividends declared on the underlying shares, while the stock subject to the Restricted Stock Awards is unvested. Vesting of the shares underlying the PSUs are also subject to achieving certain specified performance levels during the measurement period subsequent to the date of grant. 
 The grant date fair value of Restricted Stock Awards is measured by reducing the grant date price of our common stock by the present value of the dividends expected to be paid on the underlying stock during the requisite service period, discounted at the appropriate risk-free interest rate. The expense associated with Restricted Stock Awards is amortized over the vesting period. 
 As of August 31, 2021, a total of shares underlying Restricted Stock Awards were unvested and outstanding, which results in unamortized stock-based compensation of million to be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the remaining vesting period of years. 
 Granted - RSUs (1) 
 Vested - RSUs ) Forfeited ) Balance at August 31, 2019 Granted - Restricted Stock Awards (1) (2) 
 Vested - RSUs ) Forfeited ) Balance at August 31, 2020 Granted - Restricted Stock Awards (1)(2) 
 Vested - Restricted Stock Awards ) Forfeited ) Balance at August 31, 2021 
 (1) Each Restricted Stock Award granted is equivalent to shares granted under the LTIP. 
 (2) During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 we granted RSUs and PSUs, During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 we granted RSUs and PSUs. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Granted non-performance-based options ) Granted non-employee Directors options ) Granted RSUs (1) 
 ) Forfeited - Share-based awards (2) 
 Balance at August 31, 2019 Granted non-performance-based options ) Granted non-employee Directors options ) Granted RSUs (1) 
 ) Granted PSUs(1) ) Forfeited Share-based awards (2) 
 Balance at August 31, 2020 Granted non-performance-based options ) Granted non-employee Directors options ) Granted RSUs (1) 
 ) Granted PSUs (1) 
 ) Forfeited Share-based awards (2) 
 Balance at August 31, 2021 
 (1) Each Restricted Stock Award granted is equivalent to shares granted under the LTIP. 
 (2) Under the LTIP, for each Restricted Stock Award canceled/forfeited, an equivalent of shares is added back to the available share-based awards balance. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Shares of FactSet common stock may be purchased by eligible employees under the FactSet Research Systems Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as Amended and Restated (the "ESPP") in intervals. The purchase price is equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of our common stock on the first day or the last day of each offering period. Employee purchases may not exceed of their gross compensation and there is a contribution limit per employee during an offering period. Dividends paid on shares held in the ESPP are used to purchase additional ESPP shares at the market price on the dividend payment date. 
 During fiscal 2021, employees purchased shares at a weighted average price of compared with shares at a weighted average price of in fiscal 2020 and shares at a weighted average price of in fiscal 2019. Stock-based compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 relating to the ESPP was million, million and million, respectively. At August 31, 2021, the ESPP had shares reserved for future issuance. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 , and per share, respectively, with the following weighted average assumptions: 
 Expected life (months) Expected volatility Dividend yield 

18. 
 of their eligible annual compensation, subject to annual limitations established by the IRC. We matched up to of employees earnings, capped at the Internal Revenue Service annual maximum. Company matching contributions are subject to a graduated vesting schedule. All full-time, U.S. employees are eligible for the matching contribution by FactSet. We contributed million, million, and million in matching contributions to employee 401(k) accounts during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 19. 
 segments: the Americas; EMEA; and Asia Pacific. Within each of the segments, we primarily deliver insight and information through four workflow solutions: Research; Analytics Trading; Content Technology Solutions ("CTS"); and Wealth. Commencing with the our 2022 fiscal year, we have reorganized our workflows into three solutions: Research Advisory; Analytics Trading; and CTS, to better align our products and go-to-market strategy. These workflow solutions provide global financial and economic information to asset managers, investment banks and other financial services professionals. 
 The Americas segment serves our clients throughout North, Central, and South America. The EMEA segment serves our clients in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The Asia Pacific segment serves our clients in Asia and Australia. Segment revenue reflects sales to clients based in these respective geographic locations. 
 Each segment records expenses related to its individual operations with the exception of expenditures associated with our data centers, third-party data costs and corporate headquarters charges, which are recorded by the Americas segment and are not allocated to the other segments. The content collection centers, located in India, the Philippines, and Latvia, benefit all our segments and the expenses incurred at these locations are allocated to each segment based on a percentage of revenue. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Capital expenditures 
 Year Ended August 31, 2020 Americas EMEA Asia Pacific Total Revenue Operating income Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Capital expenditures 
 Year Ended August 31, 2019 Americas EMEA Asia Pacific Total Revenue Operating income Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Capital expenditures 
 Segment Total Assets 
 The following table reflects the total assets for our segments: As of August 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Segment Assets Americas EMEA Asia Pacific Total assets 
 
 Geographic Information 
 The following tables reflect our revenues and long-lived assets, split geographically by our country of domicile (the United States) and other countries where major subsidiaries are domiciled. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 United Kingdom Other European Countries All Other Countries Total revenue 
 Geographic Long-Lived Assets 
 Philippines India United Kingdom All Other Countries Total long-lived assets 

20. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 million. Our cash and cash equivalents consist of demand deposits and money market funds with original maturities of three months or less and are reported at fair value. We are exposed to interest rate risk through fluctuations of interest rates on our investments. As we have a restrictive investment policy, our financial exposure to fluctuations in interest rates is expected to remain low. 
 Refer to Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more information on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Debt 
 As of August 31, 2021, we had long term debt outstanding under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility with a principal balance of million. The debt bears interest on the outstanding principle at a rate equal to LIBOR plus a spread, using a debt leverage pricing grid. The variable rate of interest on our long-term debt can expose us to interest rate volatility due to changes in LIBOR. To mitigate this exposure, on March 5, 2020, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of million to hedge the variable interest rate obligation, effectively converting the floating interest rate to fixed for the hedged portion. Thus, we are only exposed to base interest rate risk on floating rate borrowings in excess of any amounts that are not hedged, or million of our outstanding principal balance. Assuming all terms of our outstanding long-term debt remained the same, a hypothetical basis point change (up or down) in the one-month LIBOR would result in a million change in our annual interest expense. 
 Refer to Note 13, Debt for additional information regarding our outstanding debt obligations. 
 Current market events have not required us to modify materially or change our financial risk management strategies with respect to our exposures to foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Cash equivalents 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. We are exposed to credit risk for cash and cash equivalents held in financial institutions in the event of a default, to the extent that such amounts are in excess of applicable insurance limits. We have not experienced any losses from maintaining cash accounts in excess of such limits. We do not believe our concentration of cash and cash equivalents present a significant credit risk as the counterparties to the instruments consist of multiple high-quality, credit-worthy financial institutions. 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Our accounts receivable are subject to collection risk as they are unsecured and derived from revenue earned from clients located around the globe. We do not require collateral from our clients. We maintain reserves for potential write-offs and evaluate the adequacy of the reserves periodically. These losses have historically been within expectations. No single client represented more than of our total subscription revenue in any period presented. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the receivable reserve was million and million, respectively. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Our use of derivative instruments exposes us to credit risk to the extent counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of their agreements. To mitigate credit risk, we limit counterparties to credit-worthy financial institutions and distribute contracts among these institutions to reduce the concentration of credit risk. We do not expect any losses as a result of default by our counterparties. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 of our total data costs for the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 
 21. 
 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. Cobalt is a leading portfolio monitoring solutions provider for the private capital industry. The acquisition of Cobalt advances our strategy to scale our data and workflow solutions and expands our private market offering. Results of Operations from Cobalt will be recognized based on geographic business activities in accordance with how our operating segments are currently aligned. We expect the majority of the Cobalt purchase price to be allocated to goodwill and acquired intangible assets. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as of the end of the annual period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the annual period covered by this report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 See Item 8. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 See Item 8. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 10. is incorporated herein by reference to our Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of August 31, 2021 (the "Proxy Statement"). 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this item relating to our executive officers is included in Item 1. Executive Officers of the Registrant of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 11. is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 12. is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes as of August 31, 2021, the number of outstanding equity awards granted to employees and non-employee directors, as well as the number of equity awards remaining available for future issuance, under our equity compensation plans: 
 (In thousands, except per share data) Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuances under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,474 (1) 
 214.89 (2) 
 5,456 (3) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 2,474 (1) 
 214.89 (2) 
 5,456 (3) 
 
 (1) Includes 2,277 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding option s, 128 sh ares issuable upon vesting of awards of restricted stock units and 69 shares issuable upon the conversion of outstanding performance share units. 
 (2) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options only. 
 (3) Includes 5,079,693 shares available for future issuance under the FactSet Research Systems Inc. Stock Option and Award Plan, as Amended and Restated, 237,749 shares available for future issuance under the FactSet Research Systems Inc. Non-Employee Directors Stock Option and Award Plan, as Amended and Restated, and 138,956 shares available for purchase under the FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as Amended and Restated. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 13. is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item 14. is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The information required by this item is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K which is incorporated herein. 
 
 2. Financial Statements Schedule 
 ) 2020 ) 2019 ) 
 (1) Additions to the receivable reserve for doubtful accounts are charged to bad debt expense. Additions to the receivable reserve for billing adjustments are charged against revenue. 
 Additional financial statement schedules are omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 The information required by this Item is set forth below. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 S-1/A 333-04238 3.1 6/26/1996 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-K 333-22319 3.12 11/20/2001 3.3 
 Second Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 001-11869 3.1 12/16/2011 3.4 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of FactSet Research Systems Inc. as amended September 1, 2018 
 8-K 001-11869 3.1 9/6/2018 3.5 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated By-laws of FactSet Research Systems Inc. effective September 27, 2021 
 8-K 001-11869 3.1 10/1/2021 4.0 
 Form of Common Stock 
 S-1/A 333-04238 4.1 6/26/1996 10.1 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2004 Employee Stock Option and Award Plan (1) 
 DEF-14A 001-11869 Exhibit A 11/10/2004 10.2 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2004 Stock Option and Award Plan, as Amended and Restated (1) 
 DEFR-14A 001-11869 Appendix A 12/6/2010 10.3 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. Stock Option and Award Plan as Amended and Restated (1) 
 8-K 001-11869 10.1 12/21/2017 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 10.4 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2008 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan (1) 
 DEF-14A 001-11869 Appendix A 10/30/2008 10.5 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. Non-Employee Directors Stock Option and Award Plan, as Amended and Restated (1) 
 8-K 001-11869 10.2 12/21/2017 10.6 
 Lease, dated February 14, 2018, between FactSet Research Systems Inc. and 45 Glover Partners, LLC (2) 
 10-Q 001-11869 10.1 4/9/2018 10.7 
 Credit Agreement with PNC Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A. and HSBC Bank USA, National Association as of March 29, 2019 
 8-K 001-11869 10.1 3/29/2019 10.8 
 Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 21, 2020, by and among FactSet Research Systems Inc., PNC Bank, National Association, as the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 001-11869 10.1 9/25/2020 10.9 
 FactSet Research Systems Inc. Executive Severance Plan (1) 
 8-K 001-11869 10.1 3/5/2020 10.10 
 Form of FactSet Research Inc. Equity Award Agreement (1) 
 8-K 001-11869 10.2 3/5/2020 21 
 Subsidiaries of FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 X 23 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 X 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 X 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 X 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase X 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase X 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 X 
 (1) Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 (2) Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this exhibit. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC. (Registrant) Date: October 22, 2021 /s/ F. PHILIP SNOW F. Philip Snow Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ F. PHILIP SNOW Chief Executive Officer and Director October 22, 2021 F. Philip Snow (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ LINDA S. HUBER Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer October 22, 2021 Linda S. Huber (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ GREGORY T. MOSKOFF Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer October 22, 2021 Gregory T. Moskoff (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ ROBIN A. ABRAMS Chair October 22, 2021 Robin A. Abrams /s/ SIEW KAI CHOY Director October 22, 2021 Siew Kai Choy /s/ MALCOLM FRANK Director October 22, 2021 Malcolm Frank /s/ SHEILA B. JORDAN Director October 22, 2021 Sheila B. Jordan /s/ JAMES J. MCGONIGLE Director October 22, 2021 James J. McGonigle /s/ LEE SHAVEL Director October 22, 2021 Lee Shavel /s/ LAURIE SIEGEL Director October 22, 2021 Laurie Siegel /s/ JOSEPH R. ZIMMEL Director October 22, 2021 Joseph R. Zimmel 
 
 97 

<EX-21>
 2
 fds-202108x31xexx21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 List of FactSet Research Systems, Inc. s Subsidiaries 

The following is a list of subsidiaries of FactSet Research Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation, as of August 31, 2021. This list includes companies owned (directly or indirectly) or controlled by FactSet Research Systems Inc. 

Name of Subsidiary State or Country of Incorporation or Organization BI-SAM Inc. Delaware BI-SAM Limited England Wales BI-SAM Technologies, S.A.S. France Bravo Consult EOOD Bulgaria BTU Analytics, LLC Colorado Cabot Investment Technology, Inc. Delaware Code Red, Inc. Massachusetts Cymba Technologies Limited England Wales FactSet Benelux B.V. Netherlands FactSet Brasil Consultoria Ltda Brazil FactSet Canada, Inc. Canada FactSet China Co., Ltd. China FactSet Data Systems, Inc. Delaware FactSet Switzerland AG Switzerland FactSet Digital Solutions Ltd. England Wales FactSet Digital Solutions Oy Finland FactSet Digital Solutions, LLC Delaware FactSet Europe Limited England FactSet Europe S. .r.l. Luxembourg FactSet France Inc. Delaware FactSet France S.a.r.l France FactSet GmbH Germany FactSet Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong FactSet Ireland Limited Ireland FactSet Italia S.R.l. Italy FactSet JCF France FactSet Limited Delaware FactSet Mergerstat, LLC Delaware FactSet Pacific, Inc. Delaware FactSet Philippines, Inc. Philippines FactSet Research Limited New York FactSet Research Systems South Africa Pty. Ltd. South Africa FactSet Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore FactSet Spain SL Spain FactSet Sweden AB Sweden FactSet Systems India Private Limited India FactSet (UAE) LTD United Arab Emirates FactSet UK Limited England Wales FinAnalytica Inc. Washington LionShares Europe S.A.S. France P.A.N. Securities, L.P. Delaware 

Portware International, LLC Delaware Portware, LLC Delaware PTS NET, LLC Delaware SIA FactSet Latvia Latvia StreetAccount LLC Wyoming TruValue Labs, Inc. Delaware Vermilion Holdings Limited Scotland Vermilion Software Inc. Delaware Vermilion Software Limited England Wales 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 fds-202108x31xexx23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Forms S-8 Nos. 333-222532, 333-201498, 333-171667, 333-156649 and 333-134298) of our reports dated October 22, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of FactSet Research Systems Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of FactSet Research Systems Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended August 31, 2021. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Stamford, Connecticut 
 October 22, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 fds-20210831xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, F. Philip Snow, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 22, 2021 s F. PHILIP SNOW F. Philip Snow Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 fds-20210831xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Linda S. Huber, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 22, 2021 s LINDA S. HUBER Linda S. Huber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 fds-20210831xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of FactSet Research Systems Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, F. Philip Snow, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s F. PHILIP SNOW F. Philip Snow Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 22, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 fds-20210831xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of FactSet Research Systems Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Linda S. Huber, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s LINDA S. HUBER Linda S. Huber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) October 22, 2021 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fds-20210831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fds-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fds-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fds-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fds-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

