<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211213_10-K_edgar_data_1500305_0001493152-21-031181.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5199721</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173944</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>312703</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1938083</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1481815</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1125775</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-031181.hdr.sgml : 20211213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211213063041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-031181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sustainable Projects Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500305
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				815445107
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54875
		FILM NUMBER:		211486920

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2316 PINE RIDGE ROAD, 383
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		239-316-4593

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2316 PINE RIDGE ROAD, 383
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sustainable Petroleum Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blue Spa Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100831

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-031181.txt : 20211213

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

United
states 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

Annual
 report pursuant to section 13 0r 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 

transition
 report pursuant to section 13 0r 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to __________________ 

Commission
file number 000-54875 

sustainable
 Projects group inc. 
 
 (Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Incorporated
 in the State of Nevada 
 
 81-5445107 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

2316
 Pine Ridge Rd #383, Naples, Florida 
 
 34109 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 305-814-2915 

(Former
 name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

common
 shares - 0.0001 par value 
 
 (Title
 of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes No 

Note
 - Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act from their obligations under those sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the last 12 months (or for such shorter period that the, registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Larger
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2020, the last day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock, 0.0001 par value, held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
prior to June 30, 2020 was approximately 10,066,179. For purposes of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and
10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates. 

State
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 at November 30, 2021 
 
 common
 shares - 0.0001 par value 
 
 8,085,877 

Documents
incorporated by reference: Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation ); Exhibit 3.2 By-laws ); and Exhibit 3.3 Certificate
of Amendment ); all filed as exhibits to SPGX s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on December 17, 2010; Exhibit 3.4 Certificate
of Amendment filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on December 19, 2016; Exhibit 3.5 Certificate of
Amendment filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on October 26, 2017; Exhibit 10.1 Share Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on August 11, 2016; Exhibit 10.2 Property Purchase Agreement filed
as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on March 17, 2017; Exhibit 10.3 Deposit Agreement filed as an Exhibit
to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on July 11, 2017; Exhibit 10.4 Share Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s
Form 8-K (Current Report) on July 11, 2017; Exhibit 10.5 Dividend Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current
Report) on July 11, 2017; Exhibit 10.6 Consulting Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 10-K (Annual Report) on
August 31, 2017; Exhibit 10.7 Services Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 10-K (Annual Report) on August 31,
2017; Exhibit 10.8 Share Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on December 7, 2017;
Exhibit 10.9 Share Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on January 19, 2018; Exhibit
10.10 Consultant Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on January 19, 2018; Exhibit 10.11 Share Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on January 31, 2018; Exhibit 10.12 Asset
Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on May 31, 2018; Exhibit 10.13 Letter of Intent filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on October 3, 2018; Exhibit 10.14 Shareholder s Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on October 3, 2018; Exhibit 10.15 Letter Agreement filed as an
Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on February 14, 2019; Exhibit 10.16 Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit
to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on February 14, 2019; Exhibit 10.17 Call Option Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s
Form 8-K (Current Report) on February 14, 2019; Exhibit 10.18 Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K
(Current Report) on February 14, 2019; Exhibit 10.19 Call Option Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current
Report) on February 14, 2019; Exhibit 10.20 Shareholder s Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current
Report) on March 1, 2019; Exhibit 10.21 Share Purchase Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report)
on August 29, 2019; Exhibit 10.22 Employment Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on August
29, 2019; Exhibit 10.23 Employment Agreement filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) on August 29, 2019;
and Exhibit 14 Code of Ethics filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form S-1 (Registration Statement) on September 13, 2010. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

The
information in this annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including statements
regarding SPGX s capital needs, business strategy and expectations. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of
historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology
such as may , will , should , expect , plan , intend ,
 anticipate , believe , estimate , predict , potential or continue ,
the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Actual events or results may differ materially. In evaluating these statements,
you should consider various factors, including the risks outlined from time to time, in other reports SPGX s files with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

The
information constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking
statements in this Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from the results expressed in or implied by the statements contained in this report. As a result, the identification
and interpretation of data and other information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from and among reasonable alternatives
requires the exercise of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events do not occur, the outcome may vary substantially from anticipated
or projected results, and accordingly, no opinion is expressed on the achievability of those forward-looking statements. No assurance
can be given that any of the assumptions relating to the forward-looking statements specified in the following information are accurate. 

All
forward-looking statements are made as of the date of filing of this Form 10-K and Sustainable Project Group Inc. SPGX disclaims any obligation to publicly update these statements or disclose any difference between its actual results and those reflected
in these statements. SPGX may, from time to time, make oral forward-looking statements. SPGX strongly advises that the above paragraphs
and the risk factors described in this Annual Report and in SPGX s other documents filed with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission should be read for a description of certain factors that could cause the actual results of SPGX to materially differ
from those in the oral forward-looking statements. SPGX disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any oral or written
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

As
used in this registration statement, unless the context otherwise requires, we , us , our , the
 Company , SPGX and Sustainable refers to Sustainable Projects Group, Inc. 

part
I 

Item
1. Business. 

(a)
Business Development 

Sustainable
Projects Group Inc. SPGX or the Company is a Nevada corporation that was incorporated on September
4, 2009 under the name Blue Spa Incorporated . On December 19, 2016, the company changed its name to Sustainable
Petroleum Group Inc. by a majority vote of its shareholders. On October 25, 2017, the company changed its name to Sustainable
Projects Group Inc. by a majority vote of its shareholders. 

The
Company is a business development company engaged in project development and holdings through value based investments and collaborative
partnerships with companies across sustainable sectors. It is continually evaluating and acquiring assets for holding and or development.
SPGX initiated its goals by pursuing investment and partnerships amongst diversified holdings and companies globally. 

The
Company maintains its statutory resident agent s office at 1859 Whitney Mesa Drive, Henderson, Nevada, 89014 and its U.S. headquarters
is located at 2316 Pine Ridge Rd #383, Naples, Florida, 34109 (phone number 305-814-2915). 

The
Company has an authorized capital of 500,000,000 common shares with a par value of 0.0001 per share with 7,948,113 common shares issued
and outstanding as of November 30, 2021. 

The
Company has not been involved in any bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings. There has been no material reclassification, merger
consolidation or purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course of SPGX s business. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 2 

(b)
Business 

The
Company was incorporated on September 4, 2009 in the State of Nevada. Sustainable Projects Group Inc. is a business development company
engaged in project development and holdings through value-based investments and collaborative partnerships with companies across sustainable
sectors: 

1. 
 Cormo
 USA Inc.; 

2. 
 Gator
 Lotto; 

3. 
 Hero
 Wellness Systems Inc. (fka Vitalizer Americas Inc.); and 

4. 
 Yer
 Brands Inc. 

1.
Cormo USA Inc. 

Cormo
USA Inc. Based on a letter of intent and a shareholder agreement, the Company entered into a joint venture with Cormo AG, a company
incorporated in Switzerland, to assist in the business development of Cormo s operations in the United States. Cormo AG is in the
business of producing and developing peat moss replacement and natural foam products and technologies. Also, for its participation in
the joint venture, the Company will be required to provide certain services, including U.S. business development, management, market
research, and determination of potential distribution channels. Under the agreement, Cormo USA Inc has exclusive marketing and distribution
rights to Cormo AG s sustainable agriculture business and suite of patents. Cormo s technology allows field waste from maize
farms to be turned into a variety of products, including peat moss. In May 2019, a site was chosen for its first production facility,
with production scheduled to start in late fall of 2020. The joint venture is controlled by Cormo AG (35 and SPGX (35 equally with
the balance of shares held by eight non-controlling shareholders. 

One
June 30, 2020 it was determined that Cormo USA Inc. is no longer a viable business model due to significant difficulties in fund-raising,
Covid-19 related impacts in both knowledge transfer and sourcing of required equipment to bring the venture to success. Effective June
30, 2020 the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interest of Cormo that were previously consolidated in the balance sheet have been
eliminated from the Company s consolidated statements. 

See
Exhibit 10.13 - Letter of Intent and Exhibit 10.20 - Shareholder s Agreement for more details. 

2.
Gator Lotto 

Gator
Lotto In 2018 the Company acquired all technology assets including source code, graphics, and online assets for US 400,000 through
the issuance of new shares. SPGX aims to commercialize this project which features a fully functioning lotto ticket management app (currently
in version 2.0) with more than 40,000 downloads. Management plans to spin out this technology into a newly formed partnership within
the next 24 months with the aim to increase monetization, user growth and eventual sale or licensing. The Company spent an additional
 11,000 to further develop the technology in 2019. See Exhibit 10.12 - Asset Purchase Agreement for more details. 

The
latest version of the Lotto App was launched February 2019. The product currently covers lottery players in the state of Florida. The
app is available for download on Android (Google Play) and iOS (App Store) and its associated website www.gatorlotto.com. The app is
currently in Version 2.0 offering stable optical character recognition of all major lottery games offered in the state of Florida, with
real time updates. 

In
December of 2018 the Company determined that an impairment of 168,000 was required. The Company currently does not have the resources
to exploit the app and effective June 30, 2020, the company has written the asset down in its entirety. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 3 

3.
 Hero Wellness Systems Inc. (fka Vitalizer Americas Inc.) 

Hero
Wellness Systems Inc. Hero Wellness Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a shareholder s agreement dated
in September 29, 2018, the Company entered into a joint venture relationship originally for the purpose of importing, selling and distributing
products offered by Vitalizer International of Switzerland. However, due to supplies and other processing issues, Hero Wellness has sourced
its own supplier and is now importing, selling and distributing its own products. SPGX s participation in the joint venture is
55 . SPGX s role is to provide certain services, including general management and day to day operations of the joint venture. Currently,
the joint venture is comprised of the following ownership: 55 the Company with the balance of ownership held by two non-controlling
owners. 

The
Company is focused on the retail and B2B market segment of the lifestyle and healthcare markets. B2B clients consist of spas and salons,
hotels and hospitality and entertainment venues in the United States. Additionally the company is active in the distribution of its Hero
Chroma massage chair through its webstore www.herochroma.com and additional websites operated by the company. The company is also
in discussions with several brick and mortar retail furniture, specialty sports and massage equipment establishments. 

Hero
Wellness Systems Inc. is dependent upon a functioning supply chain, as it sources finished products from its suppliers in China. Hero
Wellness sees this as a risk-factor and is looking for alternative suppliers at this time. Thus far, the supplier has never experienced
inventory shortfalls. Additionally, due to its wide marketing strategy, targeting retail customers through internet sales, as well as
key account management to gain corporate customers, Hero Wellness is not dependent on singular customers. However, the company s
products are considered luxury lifestyle products and thus are dependent on healthy consumer spending behavior. Slowdowns in consumer
confidence could have a negative impact on purchasing behavior of these types of products all across the economy. 

Hero
Wellness Systems operates in a crowded market place. Several providers of massage chair products from low-end to high-end exist. Hero
Wellness Systems Inc. operates in the high end-spectrum, competing against a number of established companies. The company aims to differentiate
itself from existing providers through a higher level of service, including white glove delivery and significantly faster delivery. 

While
previously predominantly focused on the B2B segment the unprecedented changes in hygiene requirements in shared spaces has had significant
impact on purchasing behaviour of B2B customers as it relates to leisure equipment. The company currently focuses virtually exclusively
in the B2C segment through direct distribution. This led to significantly lower than expected sales volumes and will require additional
funding for penetrating the market. Additionally, the past 12 months have shown a significant influx of lower cost alternatives distributed
by big-box retailers. 

See
Exhibit 10.14 - Shareholder s Agreement for more details. 

4.
 Yer Brands Inc. 

On
May 8th, 2020 Sustainable Projects Group Inc. signed a letter of intent with inventors of the Soy-yer Dough product line, Sawyer and
Samantha Sparks, to purchase all production rights, know-how, trademarks and manufacturing equipment of Soy-yer Dough. Soy-yer Dough
is a soy and corn-based, gluten free modeling clay. It is estimated that up 6 of the US population suffers from some form of gluten
intolerance, with approximately 1 of the US population suffering from the more severe form, Celiac Disease. 

The
product gained initial commercial success when it was featured on the TV Show ABC s Shark Tank and was named as one of the most
innovative product inventions by college students in the New York Times newspaper. Since its invention, the product has been sold in
all 50 states in the United States, and to a smaller extent internationally, both online and in retail locations. However, with limited
production capabilities and resources, growth prospects were limited. 

Sustainable
Projects Group has formed YER Brands Inc. as a wholly-owned subsidiary to establish increased production and distribution capabilities
of the Soy-yer Dough product line. Inventor and face of the brand, Sawyer Sparks, has agreed to take on the CEO position, while his wife
and co-inventor Samantha Sparks will be responsible for production. Production facilities will be co-located with one of the Company s
portfolio companies, Cormo USA Inc. manufacturing facility to benefit from raw material sourcing, logistics and marketing infrastructure
synergies. As of May 8 th , the new company has begun site improvement at the Rushville production site and is anticipated to
produce and ship first retail-ready products by mid-May 2020. 

Previously
Soy-yer Dough was sold through the Online B2C, Brick and Mortar, and Scholastic Market. Over the past years, predominantly driven by
limited production capacities, a heavy focus was placed on the scholastic market. With COVID-19 related shutdowns, that market has been
severely impacted and is currently virtually non-existent even as schools have reopened across the United States. 

Upon
production start, YER Brands Inc. will place initial focus on low-hanging online sales opportunities and upon increasing production capabilities
later in 2020, it will initiate a campaign to regain footing in the brick-and-mortar sales channel. 

There
is a multitude of modeling clays available on the market, Soy-yer Dough shines as a Made in the USA and a Gluten-Free 
product with a long track record of positive reviews in the US media. Management believes the product is well positioned for market expansion
in the near term. Additionally, YER Brands Inc is in the planning stages for additional, value-added products that involve Soy-yer Dough
modeling clay to further the product portfolio and potential revenue and profit generation. 

The
majority of raw ingredients required for the formulation of the product are widely available and produced in the United States. The company
does not anticipate supply chain issues for the main ingredients of the Soy-Yer Dough line of products. Additional raw materials are
widely available, and several sources of suppliers exist. The company is not dependent on one single source of supplies for any of its
ingredients and packaging materials and management sees limited supply chain and sourcing risks. 

At
the current time the company is actively seeking production partners for the upscaling process of Yer Brands Inc. Currently the product
is not expected to be a significant revenue driver until problems in upscaling and stability can be solved. 

Dependence
on Major Customers 

As
of the date of this filing, neither the Company nor any of its holdings are dependent on any major customers. 

Patents/Trade
Marks/Licences/Franchises/Concessions/Royalty Agreements or Labour Contracts 

SPGX
has an interest in the following intellectual property: 

Gator
Lotto - There are no registered patents or trademarks for this project, but SPGX holds the intellectual property for this technology. 

Yer
Brands Inc, - There are no registered patents on any of the products produced by Yer Brands Inc, but SPGX holds the intellectual property
for the technology. Yer Brands Inc. is the owner of the US Trademark for Yer Dough (Serial Number: 90015770). 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 4 

Government
Controls and Regulations 

The
Company s various business segments are subject to various levels of government controls and regulations, which are supplemented
and amended from time to time. Currently, the Company is in compliance with all business and operations licenses that are typically applicable
to most commercial ventures. However, management is unable to predict what additional legislation or revisions may be proposed that might
affect its business or when any such proposals, if enacted, might become effective. There can be no assurance that existing or new laws
or regulations that may be adopted in various jurisdictions in the future, will not impose additional fees and taxes on SPGX and its
business operations. Management is not aware of any such revisions to existing laws and regulations nor new laws or regulations that
could have a negative impact on the Company s business and/or any additional costs to the Company s business operations.
Such changes, however, could require increased capital and operating expenditures and could prevent or delay certain operations by the
Company. 

Currently
there is no effect of these existing regulations on the Company s business segments and the Company is able to carry out its business
operations as planned. However, it is possible that in the future, governments could change the regulations which could affect the business
operations and limit the Company s ability to continue its operations. 

Expenditures
on Research and Development During the Last Two Fiscal Years 

Since
September 4, 2009, the Company has not spent any funds on either company-sponsored research and development activities or customer-sponsored
research activities relating to the development of new products, services or techniques or the improvement of existing products, services,
or techniques with the exception of the following: 

Gator
Lotto - SPGX spent an additional 11,000 to further develop this technology before it was launched in February 2019. 

Number
of Total Employees and Number of Full Time Employees 

The
Company currently has two full time employees. In each segment of its plan of operations, the Company intends to retain the services
of key management to assist in the various aspects of its business operations, consulting services, and ongoing business development.
As soon as funding is available and/or secured, management intends to hire skilled employees to for its various operations. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

Item
2. Properties. 

The
Company maintains its statutory resident agent s office at 1859 Whitney Mesa Drive, Henderson, Nevada, 89014 and its U.S. headquarters
is located at 2316 Pine Ridge Rd #383, Naples, Florida, 34109 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company is not a party to any pending legal proceedings and, to the best of the Company s knowledge, none of the Company s
property or assets are the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 

N/A 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 5 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a)
Market Information 

From
December 19, 2016 to October 17, 2018 the Company s common shares were quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol SPGX .
The table below gives the high and low bid information for each fiscal quarter of trading for the last two fiscal years. The bid information
was obtained from Pink OTC Markets Inc. and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not
represent actual transactions. 

Period
 ended 
 High 
 Low 
 Source 
 
 30-Sep-21 
 0.08 
 0.01 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 30-Jun-21 
 0.46 
 0.04 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 31-Mar-21 
 0.45 
 0.02 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 31-Dec-20 
 0.46 
 0.15 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 30-Sep-20 
 1.60 
 0.38 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 30-Jun-20 
 2.85 
 1.00 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 31-Mar-20 
 4.00 
 0.75 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 31-Dec-19 
 4.00 
 4.00 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 30-Sep-19 
 4.00 
 1.20 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 30-Jun-19 
 1.50 
 1.00 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 
 
 31-Mar-19 
 3.30 
 3.01 
 OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 

(b)
Holders of Record 

The
Company had 93 holders of record as of November 29, 2021. 

(c)
Dividends 

The
Company has not declared any dividends on its common shares and is not subject to any restrictions that limit its ability to pay dividends
on its common shares. Dividends are declared at the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. 

(d)
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
have been no sales of unregistered securities within the last two years that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 701 of
Regulation S-K, with the exception of the following: 

During
May 2021, the board of directors authorized the issuance of 300,000 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for services rendered
valued at 10,500. The shares were issued on November 3, 2021. 

The
board of directors also authorized the issuance of 640,000 restricted common stock as redemption of a convertible loan and accrued interest
totaling 21,098. The shares have not been issued as of the date of this report. 

During
May 2020, the board of directors authorized the issuance of 105,264 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for the acquisition
of the intellectual property of Soyer Doug from Sawyer and Samantha Sparks., valued at 300,002. See Exhibit 10.12 - Asset Purchase Agreement
for more details. The Company relied upon Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 to issue the restricted shares in a private transaction.
The share certificate representing the shares has been legended with the applicable trading restrictions. 

The
board of directors authorized the issuance of 32,500 restricted shares of common stock as consideration for debt and services rendered
valued at 33,500. 

During
February 2019, the board of directors authorized the issuance of 725 restricted shares of common stock pursuant to a private placement
of 1,993. 

(e)
Penny Stock Rules 

Trading
in the Company s common shares is subject to the penny stock rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally
define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These
rules require that any broker-dealer who recommends SPGX s common shares to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors,
must, prior to the sale, make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written
agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction
involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny
stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage
broker-dealers from effecting transactions in the Company s securities, which could severely limit their market price and liquidity
of the Company s securities. The application of the penny stock rules may affect your ability to resell the Company s
securities. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 6 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

THE
FOLLOWING PRESENTATION OF THE PLAN OF OPERATION OF SUSTAINABLE Projects GROUP INC. SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE AUDITED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION INCLUDED HEREIN . 

Overview 

The
Company is a business development company engaged in project development and holdings through value based investments and collaborative
partnerships with companies across sustainable sectors. It is continually evaluating and acquiring assets for holding and or development.
The Company initiated its goals by pursuing investment and partnerships amongst diversified holdings and companies globally. The Company
is currently involved in the following businesses: (1) Consulting Services; and (2) Collaborative partnerships. 

Plan
of Operation 

The
Company s plan of operation for the next 12 months is to continue to streamline its operations and develop its activities for holding
or business development activities, and to collaborate, develop and create new assets with a continued focus on sustainability. The Company
is currently evaluating other projects to find attractive partnerships to expand its business development activities. Other projects
of interest that management is currently researching are in the field of sustainability. 

Accounting
and Audit Plan 

The
Company has retained a CPA to assist in the bookkeeping and organization of the Company s financial records. The Company s
accountant is expected to charge approximately 20,000 to maintain the Company s financial records for the next 12 months. The
Company s independent auditor is expected to charge approximately 3,750 to review each of the Company s quarterly financial
statements and approximately 28,000 to audit the Company s annual financial statements. In the next 12 months, SPGX anticipates
spending approximately 48,000 to pay for its accounting and audit requirements. 

SEC
Filing Plan 

As
a reporting company, the Company is required to file documents with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on a quarterly basis. The
Company expects to incur filing costs of approximately 6,000 per quarter to support its quarterly and annual filings. In the next 12
months, the Company anticipates spending approximately 24,000 for filing costs to pay for three quarterly filings and one annual filing. 

As at December 31, 2020, the Company had a cash from
continuing operations of of 1,265 (2019 - 38,825) and working capital (deficit) from continuing operations of 155,275) (2019 - 17,847). Accordingly, the Company will require additional financing to fund its obligations as a reporting
company under the Securities Act of 1934 and its general and administrative expenses for the next 12 months. 

Financial
Condition 

As
at December 31, 2020, the Company had a cash balance of 1,265 compared to a cash balance of 38,825 at December 31, 2019. Management
is seeking additional funds to develop the company s activities, additional funding will come from equity financing from the sale
of the Company s common shares or from debt financing. If the Company is successful in completing an equity financing, existing
shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in the Company. Management cannot provide investors with any assurance that the
Company will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of its common shares or from debt financing to fund its plan of operations.
In the absence of any required funding, the Company will not be able to execute its plan of operation and its business plan will fail.
Even if the Company is successful in obtaining the required financing and executes its plan of operation, if the Company does not continue
to obtain additional financing, it will be forced to abandon its business and plan of operations. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 7 

Based
on the nature of Company s business, management anticipates incurring operating losses in the foreseeable future. Management bases
this expectation, in part, on the fact that the Company will continue to acquire business assets. The Company s future financial
results are also uncertain due to a number of factors, some of which are outside its control. These factors include, but are not limited
to: 

The
 ability to raise additional funding; and 

The
 ability to find new projects; and 

The
 cost of maintaining or developing current assets. 

Due
to the Company s lack of operating history and present inability to generate consistent revenues, the Company s auditors
have stated their opinion that there currently exists a substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

COVID-19 

With
the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, this has created a challenge that none of us could imagine globally. Under these circumstances, the Company
will need to manage its cash flow during these difficult time and funding resources may not be available and the outlook is uncertain.
Our plan of operations may not proceed and may be held up. As a multinational business development company, the Company is dependent
on a free flow of goods and people, as well as a sound economic environment. The Company sees significant risks to the business operations
as prolonged timeline of ongoing travel restrictions and economic uncertainty creates the inability to raise finances to continue to
operate and expand. 

The
world continues to be collectively impacted by COVID-19. Curbing the expansion of the pandemic is in everyone s interest and although
there is still no clear end in sight, we are hopeful that we can navigate the challenges the Company is facing with our resourcefulness
and resiliency. We can not predict what the future holds. These are unprecedented times and the Company will adjust to the new realities. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had total assets of 355,227, and a working capital deficit of 155,275, compared with a total assets
of 1,175,305 and a working capital of 36,471 at December 31, 2019. The decrease in the working capital was primarily due to the fact
that the Company incurred reduced revenues during the year, the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic as well as the effect of the
discontinuation of its participation in Cormo USA Inc. and write-downs in the value of Gator Lotto Technology. The Company was short
staffed and didn t have the required resources to seek new customers and sales. 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

During
the period ended December 31, 2020, net cash used in operating activities was 66,459 compared to 272,482 for the same period ended
December 31, 2019. The decrease in cash used in operating activities was due re-organization of its internal structure and stringent
cost-cutting. The companies activities were limited due to the shortage of workers. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

During
the period ended December 31, 2020, net cash used in investing activities was 1,268 compared to 1,969 for the same period ended December
31, 2019. The net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the acquisition of assets, which was largely balanced out from
sale of assets. 

Net
Cash Generated from Financing Activities 

During
the period ended December 31, 2020, net cash flows provided from financing activities was Nil as compared with financing activities
of 93,768 for the same period ended December 31, 2019. The prior periods net cash used in financing activities was due to proceeds from
issuance of common shares, proceeds of sale of investments and from contributions from the non-controlling interest. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 8 

Results
of Operation 

The
Company had operating revenues of 4,569 during the period ended December 31, 2020 as compared to 105,729 during the same period ended
December 31, 2019. The decrease in revenues were primarily due to the discontinuation of certain consulting agreements, as well as the
Company was short staffed and didn t have skilled workers to maintain the sales. 

The
Company changed its business focus to pursue investments, partnerships and collaboration across sustainable sectors. The Company plans
to establish strategic business projects in sustainable fields. With the new acquisitions of assets and investments, the Company expected
the increase in operation expenditures to develop and build the business. However, during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company
didn t have enough resources and skilled workers to upkeep with sales. The Company s continued success and existence will
be impacted if the Company is not able to obtain enough capital through the services it provides or obtain enough capital through additional
equity financing. 

References
to the discussion below relates to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019: 

For
 the twelve 
 For
 the twelve 

months
 ended 
 months
 ended 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Revenues 

Gross
 revenues continuing operations 
 4,569 
 105,729 
 
 Cost
 of goods sold continuing operations 
 (4,278 
 - 
 
 Gross
 Margin continuing operations 
 (291 
 105,729 

Operating
 Expenses 

Administrative
 and other operating expenses 
 94,494 
 112,945 
 
 Advertising
 and Promotion 
 5,258 
 5,469 
 
 Depreciation 
 42,340 
 88,143 
 
 Consulting
 fees 
 46,495 
 59,500 
 
 Management
 fees 
 44,500 
 90,000 
 
 Professional
 fees 
 25,750 
 109,626 
 
 Rent 
 28,202 
 32,781 
 
 Salaries
 and wages 
 41,420 
 186,059 
 
 Travel 
 1,022 
 10,651 
 
 Amortized
 right of use assets 
 27,661 
 62,250 
 
 Loss/Gain
 on disposition of assets 
 145,249 
 - 
 
 Total
 Expenses 
 502,391 
 757,424 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses are the general office and operational expenses of the Company. They include, but not limited to, bank charges,
general office expenses, and filing and transfer agent fees. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
has no off-balance sheet arrangements including arrangements that would affect its liquidity, capital resources, market risk support
and credit risk support or other benefits. 

Material
Commitments for Capital Expenditures 

The
Company had no contingencies or long-term commitments at December 31, 2020. 

Tabular
Disclosure of Contractual Obligations 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 9 

Significant
Accounting Policies 

The
Company s financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting
policies. Management believes that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects
of the Company s financial statements is critical to an understanding of Company s financial statements. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company has limited operations and has sustained operating losses resulting in a deficit. In view of these matters, realization values
may be substantially different from carrying values as shown. The Company has accumulated a deficit of 3,100,629 since inception and
has yet to achieve profitable operations and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. The Company s ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or obtain the necessary financing
to meet its obligations when they come due. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. The Company has 1,265 cash on hand as at December 31, 2020. Cash used by operations was 66,459 for the twelve-month
period ended December 31, 2020. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional cash in order to fund ongoing operations over the
next 12-month period. The Company may seek additional equity as necessary and it expects to raise funds through private or public equity
investment in order to support existing operations and expand the range of its business. There is no assurance that such additional funds
will be available for the Company on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated unaudited financial statements include the accounts of the Company, it s wholly subsidiary
YER Brands Inc., and its joint ventures, Hero Wellness Systems Inc. (formerly Vitalizer Americas Inc.) and Cormo USA Inc. The Company
controls 55 of Hero Wellness Systems Inc. and 35 of Cormo USA Inc. Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810, both of
the joint venture companies are considered variable interest entities that requires the Company to consolidate their accounts. All intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation. The operating results of the joint ventures have been included in
the Company s consolidated financial statements and the non-controlling interest that were not attributable to the Company have
been reported separately. At June 30, 2020, Cormo USA Inc. s assets were impaired and the Company impaired its investment and eliminated
that company s accounts from the consolidated financial statements. 

Equity
Investments 

The
Company invests in equity securities of public and non-public companies for business and strategic purposes. Investments in public companies
are carried at fair value based on quoted market prices. Investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values are
carried at cost, minus impairment, if any. The Company reviews its equity securities without readily determinable fair values on a regular
basis to determine if the investment is impaired. For purposes of this assessment, The Company considers the investee s cash position,
earnings and revenue outlook, liquidity and management ownership, and among other factors in its review. If management s assessment
indicates that an impairment exists, the Company estimates the fair value of the equity investment and recognizes in current earnings
an impairment loss that is equal to the difference between the fair value of the equity investment and its carrying amount. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
May 2014, the FASB issued guidance on the recognition of Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The core principle of the guidance is
that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration which the company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, the guidance
provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The guidance addresses several areas including
transfer of control, contracts with multiple performance obligations, and costs to obtain and fulfill contracts. The guidance also requires
additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including
significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. 

Operating
Leases 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases Topic 842 ). The new standard establishes a right-of-use model that
requires a lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12
months. For leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of
underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense
for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating,
with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition. Similarly, lessors will be required to classify leases as sales-type,
finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of income recognition. Classification for both lessees and lessors will
be based on an assessment of whether risks and rewards as well as substantive control have been transferred through a lease contract.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years,
with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the new standard June 01, 2018. The Company has elected not to recognize lease assets
and lease liabilities for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. 

Correction
of an Error in Previously Issued Financial statements 

The
Company follows ASC Topic 250 , Accounting Changes and Error Corrections when accounting for accounting changes and
errors in previously issued financial statements. The former is a change in accounting principle, a change in accounting estimates or
a change in reporting entity. The latter is an error in recognition, measurement, presentation, or disclosure in financial statements
resulting from mathematical mistakes, mistakes in the application of generally accepted accounting principles, or oversight or misuse
of facts that existed at the time the financial statements were prepared. 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements: 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses . The provision sets forth a current
expected credit loss (CECL) model which requires SPGX to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at
the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable supportable forecasts. This replaces the existing
incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost and applies
to some off-balance sheet credit exposures. This provision is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including
interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. Recently, the FASB is expected to issue the final ASU to delay
adoption for smaller reporting companies to calendar year 2023. SPGX is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

The
Company adopts new pronouncements relating to generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the Company as they are issued,
which may be in advance of their effective date. Management does not believe that any pronouncement not yet effective but recently issued
would, if adopted, have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 10 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

SUSTAINABLE
projects GROUP INC. 

Financial
Statements 

for
the years ended december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019 

index
to the consolidated financial statements 

Report
 of Independent Accountant (2020) 
 F-2 

Report
 of Independent Accountant (2019) 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 to F-27 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 1 

K.
 R. MARGETSON LTD. 
 Chartered
 Professional Accountant 
 
 331
 East 5 th Street 
 Tel:
 604.220.7704 
 
 North
 Vancouver BC V7L 1M1 
 Fax:
 1.855.603.3228 
 
 Canada 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sustainable Projects Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

I
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sustainable Projects Group, Inc. the Company as of December
31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In my opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has limited operations and has sustained operating losses resulting in a deficit. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. r responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. I am a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and am required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

I
conducted my audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor was I engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of my audit,
I am required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, I express no such opinion. 

My
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. My audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. I believe that my audit provides
a reasonable basis for my opinion 

Critical
audit matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way my opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and I am not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

I
have determined that there are no critical audit matters to communicate in my auditor s report. 

/s/
K. R. Margetson Ltd. 

 Chartered Professional Accountant 

I
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

North
Vancouver BC 

 December 9, 2020 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sustainable Projects Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sustainable Projects Group, Inc. the Company as of December
31, 2019, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for
the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

 Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has limited operations and has sustained operating losses resulting in a deficit. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

Spokane,
Washington 

 April
14, 2020, except as to the Correction of Previously Issued Financial Statements (Note 19), of which the date is December 10, 2021 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 3 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31 
 December
 31 
 
 As
 at 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash 
 1,265 
 38,825 
 
 Other
 receivables related party - Note 4 
 - 
 132,273 
 
 Inventory
 Note 5 
 64,997 
 62,077 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses and deposits Note 6 
 8,622 
 12,521 
 
 Discontinued
 assets Note 16 
 - 
 30,167 

74,884 
 275,863 

ROU
 Asset lease Note 7 
 - 
 72,568 
 
 Office
 Equipment Note 7 
 4,873 
 7,468 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements Note 7 
 - 
 2,938 
 
 Intangible
 assets Note 8 
 118,718 
 162,000 
 
 Goodwill
 Note 9 
 156,752 
 - 
 
 Discontinued
 assets Note 16 
 - 
 654,468 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 
 355,227 
 1,175,305 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities Note 10 
 137,880 
 110,784 
 
 Amount
 due to related parties Note 17 
 51,841 
 23,153 
 
 Due
 to shareholders 
 36,332 
 36,332 
 
 Lease
 liability - Note 7 
 - 
 55,830 
 
 Interest
 payable Note 11, 17 
 4,106 
 1,750 
 
 Discontinued
 liabilities Note 16 
 - 
 11,543 
 
 TOTAL
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 230,159 
 239,392 

NON-CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Notes
 payable, related party Note 11 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 
 Convertible
 note payable, related party Note 11, 17 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 Obligations
 under operating lease - Note 7 
 - 
 14,365 
 
 TOTAL
 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 70,000 
 84,365 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 
 300,159 
 323,757 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Common
 Stock Note 14 

Par
 Value: 0.0001; Authorized 500,000,000 shares 

Common
 Stock Issued: 7,785,877 (Dec 31, 2019 7,648,113) 
 778 
 765 
 
 Additional
 Paid in Capital 
 3,080,627 
 2,747,138 
 
 Accumulated
 Deficit as restated, Note 18 
 (3,100,629 
 (2,879,796 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest - Note 15, 16 and restated, Note 19 

Discontinued 
 - 
 903,632 
 
 Continuing 
 74,292 
 79,809 
 
 TOTAL
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 55,068 
 851,548 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 355,227 
 1,175,305 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 4 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For
 the year ended 
 For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 2020 
 December
 31, 2019 

Gross
 Revenues continuing operations 
 4,569 
 105,729 
 
 Cost
 of goods sold continuing operations 
 (4,278 
 - 
 
 Gross
 Margin continuing operations 
 (291 
 105,729 

Operating
 Expenses 

Administrative
 and other operating expenses 
 94,494 
 112,945 
 
 Advertising
 and Promotion 
 5,258 
 5,469 
 
 Depreciation 
 42,340 
 88,143 
 
 Consulting
 fees 
 46,495 
 59,500 
 
 Management
 fees 
 44,500 
 90,000 
 
 Professional
 fees 
 25,750 
 109,626 
 
 Rent 
 28,202 
 32,781 
 
 Salaries
 and wages 
 41,420 
 186,059 
 
 Travel 
 1,022 
 10,651 
 
 Amortized
 right of use assets 
 27,661 
 62,250 
 
 Loss
 on disposal of assets 
 145,249 
 - 

502,391 
 757,424 

Loss
 from continuing operations before other items: 
 (502,100 
 (651,695 
 
 Government
 subsidies 
 54,327 
 - 
 
 Other
 interest income 
 - 
 4,548 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 (2,356 
 (1,750 
 
 Loss
 from continuing operations 
 (450,129 
 (648,897 
 
 Loss
 from discontinued operations (Note 16) 
 (64,861 
 (426,626 
 
 Net
 loss before gain on deconsolidation 
 (514,990 
 (1,075,523 
 
 Gain
 on deconsolidation (Note 15) 
 246,480 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss and comprehensive loss 
 (268,510 
 (1,075,523 

Net
 loss attributed to non-controlling interest, restated Note 19 

Continuing
 operations 
 (5,517 
 (26,791 
 
 Discontinued
 operations 
 (42,160 
 (277,307 

(47,677 
 (304,098 

Net
 loss attributed to shareholders 
 (220,833 
 (771,425 

Basic
 and diluted, net loss per share of common stock (restated) 
 (0.029 
 (0.100 
 
 Basic
 and diluted, net loss to continuing operations per share of common stock (restated) 
 
 (0.058 
 (0.081 

Weighted
 average no. of shares of common stock 

-Basic
 and diluted 
 7,734,246 
 7,648,014 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 5 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 

Par
 Value 
 Additional 
 
 Non- 

Common 
 at
 0.0001 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Controlling 

For
 December 31, 2020 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Total 

Balance, December
 31, 2019 

As
 restated, Note 19 
 7,648,113 
 765 
 2,747,138 
 (2,879,796 
 983,441 
 851,548 
 
 Shares
 issued for debt at 0.80 
 25,000 
 2 
 19,998 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Shares
 issued for services at 1.80 
 7,500 
 1 
 13,499 
 - 
 - 
 13,500 
 
 Shares
 issued for assets at 2.85 
 105,264 
 10 
 299,992 
 - 
 - 
 300,002 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest eliminated on deconsolidation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (861,472 
 (903,632 
 
 Net
 loss and comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (220,833 
 (47,677 
 (226,350 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 
 7,785,877 
 778 
 3,080,627 
 (3,100.629 
 74,292 
 55,068 

Par
 Value 
 Additional 
 
 Non
 - 

Common 
 at
 0.0001 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Controlling 

For
 December 31, 2019 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Total 

Balance,
 December 31, 2018 
 7,647,388 
 765 
 2,745,145 
 (2,108,371 
 1,265,764 
 1,903,303 
 
 Shares issued at
 2.75 
 725 
 - 
 1,993 
 - 
 - 
 1,993 
 
 Non-controlling
 interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 21,775 
 21,775 
 
 Net
 loss and comprehensive loss 

As
 restated, Note 19 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (771,425 
 (304,098 
 (1,075,523 
 
 Balance, December
 31, 2019 

As
 restated, Note 19 
 7,648,113 
 765 
 2,747,138 
 (2,879,796 
 983,441 
 851,548 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 6 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Year Ended 
 For
 the Year Ended 

December
 31, 2020 
 December
 31, 2019 
 
 Cash
 Flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss and comprehensive loss 
 (268,510 
 (1,075,523 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 (64,861 
 (426,626 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (203,649 
 (648,897 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Loss
 on disposal of asset 
 145,249 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on deconsolidation 
 (246,480 
 - 
 
 Shares
 issued for services 
 13,500 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 
 42,340 
 88,143 
 
 Interest
 on receivables 
 - 
 10,692 
 
 Lease
 interest 
 892 
 3,460 
 
 Amortization
 of ROU asset - Vehicle 
 5,207 
 11,362 
 
 Amortization
 of ROU asset - Office lease 
 22,454 
 53,889 
 
 Changes
 in current assets and liabilities 

Prepaid
 expenses 
 3,899 
 21,639 
 
 Inventory 
 330 
 (62,077 
 
 Account
 Receivables 
 132,273 
 - 
 
 Other
 receivables 
 - 
 664,262 
 
 Interest
 payable 
 2,356 
 1,750 
 
 Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 
 51,580 
 (19,418 
 
 Amount
 due to related parties 
 28,688 
 26,814 
 
 Operat ing
 lease payments 
 (23,686 
 (55,819 
 
 Net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

 From
continuing operations 
 (25,047 
 95,800 
 
 From discontinued
 operations 
 (41,412 
 (398,499 
 
 Total cash used in operating activities 
 (66,459 
 (302,649 

Cash
 Flows f rom investing activities: 

Equipment
 purchases 
 (3,675 
 (1,969 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of assets 
 3,000 
 - 
 
 Trademark 
 (593 
 - 
 
 Net
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (1,268 
 (1,969 

Cash
 Flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock 
 - 
 1,993 
 
 Proceeds
 from convertible notes payable 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Proceeds
 from notes payable 
 - 
 50,000 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest 
 - 
 21,775 
 
 Net
 Cash generated from financing activities 
 - 
 93,768 

Net
 decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (67,727 
 (210,850 
 
 Cash
 at beginning of year 
 68,992 
 249,675 
 
 Cash
 at end of year 
 1,265 
 38,825 

Supplemental
 Disclosures 

Cash
 paid for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 See
 Note 10, Common stock, for non-cash transactions 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 7 

SUSTAINABLE
PROJECTS GROUP INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2020 

1.
Organization and Nature of Operations 

Sustainable
Projects Group Inc. the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada, USA on September 4, 2009 as Blue Spa Incorporated
which was engaged in the development of an internet based retailer of a multi-channel concept combining a wholesale distribution with
a retail strategy relating to the quality personal care products, fitness apparel and related accessories. On December 19, 2016, the
Company amended its name from Blue Spa Incorporated to Sustainable Petroleum Group Inc. On September 6, 2017,
the Company obtained a majority vote from its shareholders to amend the Company s name from Sustainable Petroleum Group
Inc. to Sustainable Projects Group Inc. to better reflect the business it has undertaken. The name change was effective
on October 20, 2017. 

The
Company is a multinational business development company that pursues investments and partnerships with companies across sustainable sectors.
It is continually evaluating and acquiring assets for holding and/or for development. The Company is involved in consulting services
and collaborative partnerships. 

2.
Going Concern 

These
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States or GAAP , which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. However, the Company has limited operations
and has sustained operating losses resulting in a deficit. In view of these matters, realization of a major portion of the assets in
the accompanying balance sheet is dependent upon the continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company s
ability to meet its financing requirements, and the success of its future operations. 

The
Company has accumulated a deficit of 3,100,629 since inception and has yet to achieve profitable operations and further losses are anticipated
in the development of its business. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is in substantial doubt and is dependent
upon obtaining additional financing and/or achieving a sustainable profitable level of operations. The consolidated unaudited interim
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
Company has 1,265 cash on hand as at December 31, 2020. The Company will need to raise additional cash in order to fund ongoing operations
over the next 12 month period. The Company may seek additional equity as necessary and it expects to raise funds through private or public
equity investment in order to support existing operations and expand the range of its business. There is no assurance that such additional
funds will be available for the Company on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 8 

3.
Summary of principal accounting policies 

Use
of estimates 

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Management
makes its best estimate of the ultimate outcome for these items based on historical trends and other information available when the financial
statements are prepared. Changes in estimates are recognized in accordance with the accounting rules for the estimate, which is typically
in the period when new information becomes available to management. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, it s wholly subsidiary YER Brands Inc., and
its joint ventures, Hero Wellness Systems Inc. (formerly Vitalizer Americas Inc.) and Cormo USA Inc. The Company controls 55 of Hero
Wellness Systems Inc. and 35 of Cormo USA Inc. Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810, both of the joint venture companies
are considered variable interest entities that requires the Company to consolidate their accounts. All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in the consolidation. The operating results of the joint ventures have been included in the Company s consolidated
financial statements and the non-controlling interest that were not attributable to the Company have been reported separately. At June
30, 2020, Cormo USA Inc. s assets were impaired and the Company impaired its investment and eliminated that company s accounts
from the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Segment
Reporting 

The
Company reports segment information based on the management approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting
used by management for making decisions and assessing performance of its corporation wide basis in comparison to its various businesses.
The Company has three reportable segments. The business operations consist of Hero Wellness Systems, YER Brands and Sustainable Projects
Group. The segment for Cormo USA was de-consolidated effective June 30, 2020 (See Notes 15 and 16). The segments are determined based
on several factors including the nature of products and services, nature of production processes and delivery channels and consultancy
services. The operating segment s performance is evaluated based on its segment income. Segment income is defined as the gross
sales and miscellaneous income. As at December 31, 2020, revenues were reported from YER Brands and Hero Wellness Systems. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 9 

For
 the year 
 For
 the year 

ended 
 ended 

Dec
 31 2020 
 Dec
 31 2019 

Sales 

Sustainable
 Projects Group 
 - 
 95,986 
 
 YER
 Brands 
 4,069 
 - 
 
 Hero
 Wellness Systems 
 500 
 6,080 
 
 Cormo
 USA 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 Sales 
 4,569 
 103,066 

Total
 Assets 

Sustainable
 Projects Group 
 10,049 
 423,984 
 
 YER
 Brands 
 284,973 
 - 
 
 Hero
 Wellness Systems 
 60,205 
 66,686 
 
 Cormo
 USA 
 - 
 684,635 
 
 Total
 Assets 
 355,227 
 1,175,305 

Intangible
assets 

Intangible
assets are non-monetary identifiable assets, controlled by the Company that will produce future economic benefits, based on reasonable
and supportable assumptions about conditions that will exist over the life of the asset. An intangible asset that does not meet these
attributes will be recognized as an expense when it is incurred. Intangible assets that do, are capitalized and initially measured at
cost. Those with a determinable life will be amortized on a systematic basis over their future economic life. Those with a indefinite
useful life shall not be amortized until its useful life is determined to be longer indefinite. An intangible asset subject to amortization
shall be periodically reviewed for impairment. A recoverability test will be performed and, if applicable, unscheduled amortization is
considered. 

License
agreements have been capitalized, recorded at cost and amortized over the life of the contracts. Website costs have been capitalized
and will be subject to amortization once the website is operational. They will be amortized over the life of the license to which it
supports. 

Comprehensive
income 

The
Company has adopted ASU 220 Reporting Comprehensive Income , which establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive
income, its components and accumulated balances. The Company is disclosing this information on its Statement of Stockholders Equity.
Comprehensive income comprises equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. 

For
the year period ended December 31, 2020, there was 74,292 (December 31, 2019 - 983,441) of non-controlling interest that was reconciled
to the net loss and comprehensive loss presented in the statements of operations. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 10 

Loss
per share 

The
Company reports basic loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260 Earnings Per Share EPS ). Basic loss per share is
based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and diluted EPS is based on the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding and dilutive common stock equivalents. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net loss (numerator) applicable to common stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (denominator) for the period. All EPS presented in the financial statements
are basic EPS as defined by ASU 260, Earnings Per Share . There are no diluted net income/ (loss) per share on the
potential exercise of the equity-based financial instruments, hence a state of anti-dilution has occurred. 

Website
development costs 

The
Company recognized the costs associated with developing a website in accordance with ASC 350-50 Website Development Cost 
that codified the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants AICPA Statement of Position SOP NO. 98-1, Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use . Relating to website development
costs the Company follows the guidance pursuant to the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) NO. 00-2, Accounting for Website Development
Costs . The website development costs are divided into three stages, planning, development and production. The development stage
can further be classified as application and infrastructure development, graphics development and content development. In short, website
development cost for internal use should be capitalized except content input and data conversion costs in content development stage. 

Costs
associated with the website consist primarily of website development costs paid to third party. These capitalized costs will be amortized
based on their estimated useful life over three years upon the website becoming operational. Internal costs related to the development
of website content will be charged to operations as incurred. Web-site development costs related to the customers are charged to cost
of sales. 

Concentration
of credit risk 

The
Company places its cash and cash equivalents with a high credit quality financial institution. The Company maintains United States Dollars.
The Company minimizes its credit risks associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. 

Financial
instruments 

The
Company s financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and notes payable. The carrying
amounts of such financial instruments in the accompanying financial statements approximate their fair values due to their relatively
short-term nature or the underlying terms are consistent with market terms. It is the management s opinion that the Company is
not exposed to any significant currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 11 

Fair
value measurements 

The
Company follows the guidelines in ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures . Fair value is defined as the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair
value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk
measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions
and credit risk. 

The
Company applies the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases
the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement.
All financial instruments approximate their fair value. 

Level
 1 Observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets. 

Level
 2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical
 or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
 data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities 

Level
 3 inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants
 would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option
 pricing models and discounted cash flow models. 

Advertising
and Promotion Costs 

The
Company follows ASC 720 Advertising Costs and expenses costs as incurred. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 12 

Revenue
recognition 

In
May 2014, the FASB issued guidance on the recognition of Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The core principle of the guidance is
that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration which the company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, the guidance
provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The guidance addresses several areas including
transfer of control, contracts with multiple performance obligations, and costs to obtain and fulfill contracts. The guidance also requires
additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including
significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. 

Inventory 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in, first out (FIFO) cost method of accounting. Cost is determined
using the first in, first out (FIFO) cost method. Costs include the cost of purchase and transportation costs that are directly incurred
to bring the inventories to their present location, and duty. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price of the inventory in
the ordinary course of business, less any estimated selling costs. 

Stock
based compensation 

The
Company follows the guideline under ASC 718, Stock Compensation . The standard provides that for all stock based compensation
plans, including employee stock options, restricted stock, employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights, which requires
that all share-based payments to both employees and directors be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. For non-employees
stock based compensation, the Company applies ASC 505 Equity-Based Payments to Non-employees. This standard provides that all stock based
compensation related to non-employees be measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments
issued, whichever can be most reliably be measured or determinable. 

In
June 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Non-employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting , which is intended to improve the usefulness of the information provided to the users of financial
statements while reducing cost and complexity in financial reporting. Under the new standard, nonemployee share-based payment awards
within the scope of Topic 718 are measured at grant-date fair value of the equity instruments that an entity is obligated to issue when
conditions necessary to earn the right to benefit from the instruments have been satisfied. These equity-classified non-employee share-based
payment awards are measured at the grant date. Consistent with the accounting for employee share-based payment awards, an entity considers
the probability of satisfying performance conditions when nonemployee share-based payment awards contain such conditions. The new standard
also eliminates the requirement to re-assess classification of such awards upon vesting. The new standard is effective for annual periods,
and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018. The adoption of this new standard does not have an
impact on the Company s financial statements. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 13 

Operating
Leases 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases Topic 842 ). The new standard establishes a right-of-use model that
requires a lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12
months. For leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of
underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense
for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating,
with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition. Similarly, lessors will be required to classify leases as sales-type,
finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of income recognition. Classification for both lessees and lessors will
be based on an assessment of whether risks and rewards as well as substantive control have been transferred through a lease contract.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years,
with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the new standard June 01, 2018. The Company has elected not to recognize lease assets
and lease liabilities for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. 

Credit
Losses 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses . The ASU sets forth a current
expected credit loss (CECL) model which requires the Company to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held
at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable supportable forecasts. This replaces the existing
incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost and applies
to some off-balance sheet credit exposures. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim
periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. Recently, the FASB issued the final ASU to delay adoption for smaller
reporting companies to calendar year 2023. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this ASU on its financial
statements. 

Government
forgivable loans 

The
Company initially records government loans that may be forgiven as debt. The loan is shown as a cash inflow from financing activities
and then as a non-cash reconciling items on the operation cash flow when it is forgiven. However, it the Company reaches all the criteria
for forgiveness it may record the proceeds as a grant. 

Income
taxes 

The
Company follows the guideline under ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes. Accounting for Income Taxes which requires the recognition
of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements
or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between
the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory
tax rates, applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established,
when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Since the Company is in the developmental stage
and has losses, no deferred tax asset or income taxes have been recorded in the financial statements. There are no uncertain tax positions
as at December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 14 

Correction
of an Error in Previously Issued Financial statements 

The
Company follows ASC Topic 250 , Accounting Changes and Error Corrections when accounting for accounting changes and errors in previously
issued financial statements. The former is a change in accounting principle, a change in accounting estimates or a change in reporting
entity. The latter is an error in recognition, measurement, presentation, or disclosure in financial statements resulting from mathematical
mistakes, mistakes in the application of generally accepted accounting principles, or oversight or misuse of facts that existed at the
time the financial statements were prepared. 

Discontinued
operations 

Discontinued
operations are components of an entity that either have been disposed or abandoned or is classified as held for sale. Additionally, in
order to qualify as a discontinued operation, the disposal or abandonment must represent a strategic shift that has or will have, a major
effect on an entity s operations and financial results. 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements 

The
Company adopts new pronouncements relating to generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the Company as they are issued,
which may be in advance of their effective date. Management does not believe that any pronouncements not included above will have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

4.
Other receivables related party 

On
January 18, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with Amixca AG for a period of three years commencing February 1, 2018 in which
Amixca AG has agreed to provide business development services. The prepayment of 190,000 to Amixca AG was supposed to serve as consulting
fees over the next three year period. The consulting agreement with Amixca AG was never utilized and Amixca AG did not provide any services.
The consulting agreement was annulled and Amixca AG agreed to return the deposit with a payment schedule spanning over a year, beginning
July 5, 2019 of 20,000 and thereafter, the first of every month of 15,455 until the full 190,000 has been repaid. At December 31,
2020, the full amount was repaid. 

5.
Inventory 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in, first out (FIFO) cost method of accounting. Costs include
the cost of purchase and transportation costs that are directly incurred to bring the inventories to their present location, and duty.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price of the inventory in the ordinary course of business, less any estimated selling costs.
At December 31, 2020, inventory consists of following: 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Hero
 Wellness Systems (finished goods) 
 59,972 
 62,077 
 
 YER
 Brands (supplies) 
 5,025 
 - 
 
 Total 
 64,997 
 62,077 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 15 

6.
Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Prepaid
 expenses 
 8,622 
 7,521 
 
 Deposit
 on lease 
 - 
 5,000 
 
 Total 
 8,622 
 12,521 

7.
Right of Use Assets , leasehold improvements and office equipment 

ROU
Asset, Vehicle Lease 

On
June 12, 2018, the Company entered into an operating vehicle lease for a period of two years. The Company made an upfront payment of
 22,724 for its obligation which covered all the monthly lease payments. The Company returned the vehicle at the end of the lease period.
At September 30, 2020, the remaining right of use asset was Nil. 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Right
 of Use Asset 
 22,724 
 22,724 
 
 Accum.
 Amortization 
 (22,724 
 (17,517 
 
 Net 
 - 
 5,207 

ROU
Asset, Office Lease 

On
June 18, 2018, the Company entered into a sublease agreement to rent office space in Naples, Florida. The office lease commences September
01, 2018 through to March 31, 2021. The monthly base rent for the first year is 4,552.56 (annual 54,630.75); the monthly base rent
for the second year is 4,684.52 (annual 56,214.25); and the monthly base rent for the third year is 4,816.48 (annual 57,797.75).
The Company elected to separate the lease and non-lease components. 

On
May 31, 2020, the office lease was terminated and the Company agreed to pay the past due amount of 36,304. In addition, the Company
also agreed that the sub-landlord may add a late fee of 50 every week that there remains any past due rent. The Company is obligated
to pay the sub-landlord an additional 32,300 which represent all the remaining rent due, beginning June 1 2020 through to December 2020.
The 5,000 security deposit provided by the Company has been relinquished and the sub-landlord may use those funds to pay the rent obligation.
At December 31, 2020, the Company owed 36,304 and owed 27,688 for the additional remaining rent due. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 16 

At
June 30, 2020 the Company wrote off the remaining lease liability of 47,401 and the right of use asset of 44,907 to reflect the extinguishment
of the office lease, thereby creating a gain on disposal of the office lease of 2,494. 

Remaining
annual minimum lease commitments under the lease: 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Commitments 
 48,165 
 71,851 
 
 Amount
 representing interest 
 (764 
 (1,656 
 
 Lease
 obligation 
 47,401 
 70,195 
 
 Write
 down 
 (47,401 
 - 
 
 Balance 
 - 
 70,195 
 
 Current
 portion 
 - 
 55,850 
 
 Long
 term portion 
 - 
 14,365 

The
remaining right of use asset for the office lease: 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Right
 of Use Asset 
 139,212 
 139,212 
 
 Accumulated
 Amortization 
 (94,305 
 (71,851 
 
 Lease
 obligation 
 44,907 
 67,361 
 
 Write
 down 
 (44,907 
 - 
 
 Net 
 - 
 67,361 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 17 

Leasehold
Improvements 

The
leasehold improvements for the Florida office will be depreciated straight-line over the term of the office lease commencing September
1, 2018 and ending March 31, 2021. The Company s lease was terminated on May 31, 2020 and the Company has written down the balance
 1,959 to reflect the extinguishment of the leasehold improvements. 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 
 
 For
 Florida office 

Cost 
 6,072 
 6,072 
 
 Accumulated.
 Depreciation 
 (4,113 
 (3,134 
 
 Net 
 1,959 
 2,938 
 
 Write
 down 
 (1,959 
 - 
 
 Net 
 - 
 2,938 

Office
Furniture and Equipment 

The
office furniture and equipment are depreciated straight-line for a period of 3 years. 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Cost 
 13,698 
 13,698 
 
 Additions 
 10,070 
 1,394 
 
 Disposals 
 (13,979 
 - 

9,789 
 15,092 
 
 Accumulated.
 Depreciation 
 (4,916 
 (7,064 
 
 Net 
 4,873 
 8,028 

8.
Intangible Assets 

The
Company entered into an agreement with Global Gaming Media Inc., a company with a common majority shareholder and acquired the Gator
Lotto App on May 25, 2018 by issuing 100,000 restricted shares at 4.00 per share for the valuation of 400,000. The purchase includes
the application for the Florida lotteries, all software rights to the Gator Lotto App, the domain, etc. The Company spent an additional
 11,000 toward development costs. The Company commenced amortization of its intangible asset over a three-year period effective January
2019. The latest version of the Lotto App was launched February 2019. At December 31, 2018, the Company recorded an impairment of 168,000
reflecting its approximate market value at that time. The Company currently does not have the resources to exploit the app and effective
June 30, 2020, the Company wrote down the asset in its entirety. 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 
 
 For
 Gator Lotto App 

Cost 
 243,000 
 243,000 
 
 Accumulated.
 depreciation 
 (101,250 
 (81,000 
 
 Net 
 141,750 
 162,000 
 
 Write
 down 
 (141,750 
 - 
 
 Net 
 - 
 162,000 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 18 

Cormo
USA Inc., the joint venture with the Company (See Note 15), has an exclusive license agreement from Cormo AG (of Switzerland) for North
America. The exclusive license includes, but not limited to, the intellectual property, know-how, patent trade marks and all present
and future process improvements, product applications and related know how from Cormo AG. As part of the joint venture agreement, Cormo
AG s contribution for its 35 interest was the license to Cormo USA. The license was valued at 700,000 pursuant to its authorized
share capital. The license was to be amortized over its estimated useful life of fifteen years. The amortization commenced January 1,
2019. At June 30, 2020, the Company determined that Cormo USA Inc. was no longer a viable company and de-consolidated the assets, liabilities
and equity in that company thereby eliminating the asset from the Company s consolidated financial statements. (See Note13) 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 
 
 For
 Cormo USA License 

Cost 
 700,000 
 700,000 
 
 Accumulated.
 depreciation 
 (69,991 
 (46,666 
 
 Net 
 630,001 
 653,334 
 
 Disposal 
 (630,001 
 - 
 
 Net 
 - 
 653,334 

The
trademark for Cormo USA Inc. of 574 was similarly de-consolidated as of June 30, 2020. 

YER
Brands, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary acquired intellectual properties (see Note 11). 

The
Company entered into an asset purchase with Soy Yer Dough to acquire intellectual property and trademarks. The following assets were
identified as intangible assets with finite useful lives and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives of five years.
Amortization commences when the assets are available for use. Intellectual properties consist of production process, know-how, product
recipe, marketing, and branding, 

Cost 
 Amortization 
 Net 
 
 Intellectual
 properties 
 135,000 
 (16,875 
 118,125 
 
 Trademark 
 593 
 - 
 593 
 
 Balance
 as at December 31, 2020 
 135,593 
 (16,875 
 118,718 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 19 

Amortization
for over the next 5 years will be as follows: 

Year
 ended December 31 

2021 
 27,000 
 
 2022 
 27,000 
 
 2023 
 27,000 
 
 2024 
 27,000 
 
 2025 
 10,125 
 
 Total 
 118,125 

9.
Goodwill 

Goodwill
has been recorded on the Soy Yer Dough purchase as the amount of the investment was greater than the identifiable net assets purchased.
The amount is not amortized but rather is tested for impairment at least annually. A recap of the assets purchased from Soy Yer Dough
is as follows: 

Purchase
 Price 
 300,002 

Allocated
 to - License 
 135,000 
 
 Equipment 
 5,000 
 
 Inventory 
 3,250 
 
 Identifiable
 net assets 
 143,250 

Allocated
 to Goodwill 
 156,752 

10.
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 are summarized as follows: 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Accrued
 audit fees 
 11,000 
 42,750 
 
 Accrued
 accounting fees 
 31,250 
 26,000 
 
 Accrued
 legal fees 
 23,040 
 23,040 
 
 Accrued
 office expenses 
 72,590 
 18,964 
 
 Total 
 137,880 
 110,784 

11.
Notes Payable 

On
March 1, 2019, the Company entered into a loan agreement with a shareholder for 50,000 with an interest rate of 3.5 per annum. The
loan is due on or before April 15, 2022. As at December 31, 2020, there was 3,222 in accrued interest (see Note 13). 

On
July 12, 2019, the Company entered into a convertible loan agreement with a relative of the CEO for 20,000 with an interest rate of
3.0 per annum. The loan is due on or before July 12, 2022. The lender has the option to convert the whole loan and the accrued interest
into shares of the Company at the price of 1.45 per share. The closing price of the Company s stock was 1.45 at July 11, 2019.
As at December, 2020, there was 884 in accrued interest (See Note 13). 

On
May 5, 2020, the Company entered in a promissory note with the Bank of America for 52,327 pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The loan has a two-year
term and bears interest at a rate of 1.0 per annum. The monthly principal and interest payments are deferred for six months after the
date of disbursement. The PPP loan may be paid back at any time prior to the maturity date with no penalties. During the 2020 fiscal
year, the Company reached its criteria for loan forgiveness and the amount was recorded as a government grant. The loan was forgiven
on May 20, 2021. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 20 

12.
Asset Purchase 

On
May 8 th , the Company entered into a Letter of Intent with Sawyer Samantha Sparks to purchase all marketing rights, production
know-how and limited existing inventory and equipment (the Assets of Soy-yer Dough. Soy-yer Dough is a gluten free modeling
clay. As part of the agreement, the Company issued 105,264 common shares to Sawyer Samantha Sparks for meeting certain milestones
which were at 2.85 per share that was valued at 300,002. (See Note 8, Other intangibles and goodwill.) 

13.
Agreements 

On
May 1, 2020, the Company s joint venture Cormo USA Inc. entered into a commercial lease of approximately 100,000 square feet of
building space for one year with an option to renew. The monthly rent was 12,500. 

Effective
May 1, 2020, the Company s joint venture Cormo USA Inc. entered into a Development Agreement with the City of Rushville, Rushville
Development Commission, and Rushville Economic Development Commission (the City Parties to do business in Indiana. The
City Parties was to assist Cormo USA Inc. with its business in Indiana and provided financial incentives of up to 1,100,000 for Cormo
USA Inc. to pay for its project costs. These include: 

1. 
 Cash
 incentives sufficient to reimburse the acquisition of twenty acres of property in the Commerce Park at Rushville following purchase
 of site in the Commerce Park at Rushville which shall be subject to rights of first refusal and repurchase rights on the purchased
 site granted to the City 

2. 
 A
 commitment that at least twenty acres of land in the Commerce Park at Rushville or equivalent property suitable for the contemplated
 commercial development shall be kept available for a period of two years 

3. 
 Up
 to 225,000 in the form of forgivable loan 

4. 
 An
 initial 3 year tax abatement on eligible personal property in place in Rushville in 2020 with an alternative phase-in schedule of
 100 , 67 and 33 

5. 
 Tax
 abatement for future eligible personal property and real property improvements at a standard ten yar tax abatement schedule 

On
May 1, 2020, Cormo USA Inc. entered into a forgivable loan agreement and promissory note with the City of Rushville, Indiana in conjunction
to the Development Agreement of up to 225,000 at 9 interest rate for a period of two years. 

Effective
June 30, 2020, as a result of disappointing product performances, difficulty in fund raising for the project and impacts of Covid-19
on knowledge transfer and sourcing of equipment, the Company determined that Cormo was no longer a viable operation. Accordingly,
the operating results of Cormo USA Inc. were de-consolidated at that time. 

14.
Common stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued the following shares: 

a) 
 7,500
 shares of common stock for services rendered by a consultant at 1.80 per share valued at 13,500; 
 
 b) 
 25,000
 shares of common stock for debt was issued for a consultant at 0.80 per share valued at 20,000; and 
 
 c) 
 105,264
 shares of common stock for the acquisition of assets from Soy-Yer Dough at 2.85 per share valued at 300,002. (See Note 8, Other
 intangibles and goodwill.) 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 21 

Share
transactions during the year ended December 31, 2019: 

a) 
 Issued
 725 shares of common stock for cash at 2.75 per share. 

15.
Equity in joint venture, Non-controlling interest 

The
Company is involved in two joint venture businesses and has a majority control of both Hero Wellness Systems Inc. and Cormo USA Inc.
Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810, both of these companies are considered variable interest entities that requires
the Company to consolidate those entities. It runs the day-to-day operations, makes all managerial decisions and has the voting power
over these entities. The Company will provide and help in the financial support of these ventures, on an as needed basis. 

Hero
Wellness Systems Inc . 

The
Company has a controlling interest of 55 in a joint venture of Hero Wellness Systems Inc. (formerly Vitalizer Americas Inc.) Hero Wellness Systems Inc. is in the business of importing, marketing, distribution and sale of luxury massage therapeutic chairs.
As at June 30, 2020, Hero Wellness Systems is still in its early stages of development. The company participated in several conferences
in 2019 to showcase and introduce its products in the market. The company has ordered and received inventory for sale. The following
summary information on the joint venture amounts are based on contributions received from activities since inception through to December
31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 with intercompany transactions eliminated: 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 
 
 Assets 
 60,205 
 66,686 
 
 Liabilities 
 (2,000 
 (6,178 
 
 Net
 Assets 
 58,205 
 60,508 

Revenues 
 500 
 8,743 
 
 Expenses 
 (12,760 
 (68,279 
 
 Net
 Income 
 (12,260 
 (59,536 

Company s
 joint venture interest portion on net income 
 (6,743 
 (32,745 

Non-controlling
 joint venture interest on net income 
 (5,517 
 (26,791 

Company s
 Capital contribution to joint venture 
 286,825 
 250,191 

Company s
 joint venture interest portion in net assets 
 (31,127 
 33,279 

Total
 Equity of Joint Venture 
 443,275 
 443,275 
 
 Company s
 portion of the Joint Venture 
 286,825 
 286,825 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest portion in equity 
 156,450 
 156,450 
 
 Reduced
 by losses to date 

Prior
 years 
 (76,641 
 (49,850 
 
 Current
 years 
 (5,517 
 (26,791 
 
 Net
 non-controlling interest in portion of equity, adjusted for losses to date 
 74,292 
 79,809 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 22 

Cormo
USA Inc . Cormo 

The
Company had a controlling interest of 35 in a joint venture of Cormo. (See Note 13) Cormo was in the business of producing and developing
peat moss replacement and natural foam products and technologies. Cormo was incorporated November 2018 and started operations shortly
thereafter. The following summary information on the joint venture amounts are based on contributions received from activities since
inception through to abandonment on June 30, 2020 with intercompany transactions eliminated. Effective June 30, 2020, the assets, liabilities
and non-controlling interest of Cormo that were consolidated on the balance sheet were eliminated (See Note 15). 

June
 30, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Assets 
 633,950 
 684,635 
 
 Liabilities 
 (18,958 
 (11,543 
 
 Net
 Assets 
 614,992 
 673,092 

Revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expenses 
 (64,861 
 (426,626 
 
 Net
 Income 
 (64,861 
 (426,626 

Company s
 joint venture interest portion of net income 
 (22,701 
 (149,319 

Company s
 Capital contribution to joint venture 
 - 
 - 

Company s
 joint venture interest share in net assets 
 214,580 
 235,582 

Non-controlling
 joint venture interest on net income 
 (42,160 
 (277,307 

Total
 equity of joint venture received 
 1,900,000 
 1,900,000 
 
 Company s
 portion of the joint venture 
 700,000 
 700,000 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest portion in equity 
 1,200,000 
 1,200,000 
 
 Reduced
 by losses to date 

Prior
 years 
 (296,368 
 (19,061 
 
 Current
 years 
 (42,160 
 (277,307 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest portion in equity, adjusted for Loss to date 
 861,472 
 903,632 

Assets
 and equity eliminated on deconsolidation 

Net
 Asset 
 (614,992 
 - 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest 
 861,472 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on deconsolidation 
 246,480 
 - 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 23 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

For
 Hero Wellness Systems Inc. 
 (5,517 
 (26,761 
 
 For
 Cormo USA Inc. 
 (42,160 
 (277,337 
 
 Total
 non-controlling joint venture interest on net income current period 
 (47,677 
 (304,098 

For
 Hero Wellness Systems Inc. 
 156,450 
 156,450 
 
 For
 Cormo USA Inc. 
 - 
 1,200,000 
 
 Total
 non-controlling joint venture interest in equity 
 156,450 
 1,356,450 
 
 Less
 total non-controlling joint venture interest on net income in prior period 
 (76,641 
 (68,911 
 
 Less
 total non-controlling joint venture interest on net income, current period 
 (5,517 
 (304,098 
 
 Total
 non-controlling joint venture interest remaining 
 74,292 
 983,441 

16.
Discontinued Operations 

Effective
June 30, 2020, the Company impaired its investment in Cormo USA Inc. and eliminated that company s accounts from the consolidated
financial statements through deconsolidation. All expenses incurred by Cormo USA Inc. up to June 30, 2020 have been disclosed
as discontinued operations. The previous year s assets, liabilities and expenses have been similarly classified for comparative
purposes. An analysis of the financial results of the discontinued operations are as follows. 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheet 
 December
 31 2020 
 December
 31 2019 

Assets 

Current
 assets 

Cash 
 - 
 31,167 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 - 
 31,167 

Long
 term assets 

Office
 equipment, net of amortization 
 - 
 560 
 
 Intangible
 assets 

License,
 net of amortization 
 - 
 653,334 
 
 Trademark 
 - 
 574 
 
 Total
 long term assets 
 - 
 654,468 

Liabilities 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued charges 
 - 
 11,543 

- 
 11,543 

Consolidated
 Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

Expenses 

General
 and administrative 
 1,012 
 8,377 
 
 Advertising
 and promotion 
 - 
 1,777 
 
 Depreciation 
 23,449 
 46,801 
 
 Consulting
 fees 
 5,000 
 285,500 
 
 Management
 fees 
 30,000 
 37,500 
 
 Professional
 fees 
 1,500 
 6,750 
 
 Travel 
 3,900 
 39,921 

64,861 
 426,626 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 24 

17.
Related party transactions 

During
the period ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred management fees from a director totaling an aggregate of 74,500, including
 30,000 from discontinued operations. (December 31, 2019 - 127,500). As at December 31, 2020, 18,250 was owing to a director for
management fees and small out of pocket costs. During the period ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred management fees
from an officer totaling 30,000 (December 31, 2019 - 58,269). As at December 31, 2020, 12,766 was owing to an officer for salaries.
Finally, as at December 31, 2020, the Company owed 20,825 (December 31, 2019 - 16,123) to a company controlled by officers for various
operating expenses paid for by that company. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred Nil to a company with a director and officer in common for website/app maintenance
(December 31, 2019 - 9,500), and owe 20,825 for office expenses (December 31, 2019 - 19,403) 

During
the period ending December 31, 2020, the Company owes 3,222 (December 31, 2019 - 1,467) for interest to a shareholder of the
Company for a note payable with a principal amount of 50,000. The loan bears an annual interest rate of 3.5 and is due on or before
April 15, 2022 (see Note 10). 

During
the period ending December 31, 2020, the Company owes 884 (December 31, 2019 - 283) for interest to a relative of the CEO for
a convertible note payable with a principal amount of 20,000. The loan bears an annual interest rate of 3.0 and is due on or before
July 12, 2022. The lender has the option to convert the whole loan and the accrued interest into shares of the Company at the price of
 1.45 per share. The closing price of the Company s stock was 1.45 at July 11, 2019. (see Note 10). On May 10, 2021, the Company
entered into an agreement and agreed to issue 640,000 common shares at 0.033 per share to redeem a convertible note payable with a principal
amount of 20,000 plus accrued interest and fees valued at 21,098. 

Transactions
in Joint Ventures 

The
Company is involved in two joint venture businesses and has a majority control of both Hero Wellness Systems Inc. and Cormo USA Inc.
Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810, both of these companies are considered variable interest entities that requires
the Company to consolidate. It runs the day to day operations, makes all managerial decisions and has the voting power over these entities.
The Company will provide and help in the financial support of these ventures, on an as needed basis. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 25 

Hero
Wellness Systems Inc. 

On
September 29, 2018, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Vitalizer Americas Inc. with its principal purpose to import,
sale and distribute certain products offered by Vitalizer International AG of Switzerland. In April 2019, Vitalizer Americas Inc. s
name was changed to Hero Wellness Systems Inc. as it was no longer dealing with Vitalizer International AG. The Company holds 55 interest,
Christopher Grunder of Workplan Holding Inc. holds 15 interest and Kurt Muehlbauer holds 15 interest. Hero Wellness Systems is in the
business of providing luxury massage therapy solutions. The operating results of Hero Wellness Systems Inc. have been incorporated in
the consolidated financial statements of the Company. The non-controlling interest that were not attributable to the Company have been
reported separately. 

Cormo
USA Inc. 

The
Company entered into a letter of intent with Cormo AG on October 25, 2018 to form a joint venture agreement for the Company to provide
business development, market research, sourcing, distribution and overall operations of Cormo AG s exclusive unrestricted use of
its patents and licenses in North America. Cormo AG is in the business of producing and developing peat moss replacement, natural foam
products and technologies. On February 25, 2019 the joint venture shareholders agreement was finalized with a group of investors
whereby the Company holds 35 interest, Cormo AG holds 35 interest, Paul Meier holds 2.5 interest, Stefan Muehlbauer holds 2.5 interest,
and other investors hold an aggregate of 25 interest. The other investors contributed an aggregate of 400,000 to the joint venture.
The operating results of Cormo USA Inc. have been incorporated in the prior consolidated financial statements of the Company. At June
30, 2020 the operating results of Cormo USA Inc. have been deconsolidated as the Cormo license was recognized as impaired. The
non-controlling interest that were not attributable to the Company have been reported separately. 

18.
Income Taxes 

The
following income tax do not include amounts from the joint ventures as the Company does not file consolidated income tax returns. Income
tax recovery differs from that which would be expected from applying the effective tax rates to the net loss for the year ended December
31, 2020 and 2019 for the Company is as follows: 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Net
 loss for the year 
 (499,713 
 (155,660 

Statutory
 and effective tax rate 
 21 
 21 
 
 Income
 tax recovery at the effective rate 
 (104,940 
 (32,689 
 
 Permanent
 differences 
 11,409 
 - 
 
 Tax
 benefit deferred 
 116,349 
 32,689 

Income
 tax recovery 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has accumulated net operating losses for income taxes purposes of 1,807,175 of which 625,796 will expire beginning in 2032
and the balance of 1,181,379 is indefinite. The components of the net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019
and the statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate, and the amount of the valuation respectively, are scheduled below: 

Dec
 31, 2020 
 Dec
 31, 2019 

Tax
 losses carried forward 
 1,967,684 
 1,413,644 

Statutory
 and effective tax rate 
 21 
 21 
 
 Deferred
 tax assets 
 413,214 
 296,865 
 
 Valuation
 allowance 
 (413,214 
 (296,685 

Net
 deferred asset 
 - 
 - 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 26 

The
change in the valuation allowance for the period ended December 31, 2020 was 116,349. The change in valuation for year ended
December 31, 2019 was 32,688. 

The
Company file income tax returns in the United States of America and in the State of Nevada. The Company maintains its office in the State
of Florida and is subject to state tax returns as well. At December 31, 2020, the Company is current with all its filings. 

19.
Correction of previously issued financial statements 

For
the year ended December 31, 2019, there was a mathematical error in allocating the net loss between the Company and non-controlling interest.
An adjustment of 247,681 was required to reduce the amount allocated to the non-controlling interests and increase the loss allocated
to shareholders. The following adjustments were made to the previously issued financial statements as at December 31 2019 and
for the year ended December 31, 2019: 

Previously
 Stated 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 

Accumulated
 deficit 
 (2,632,115 
 (247,681 
 (2,879,796 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest 
 735,760 
 247,681 
 983,441 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss and Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 

Net
 loss allocated to non-controlling interest 
 (551,779 
 247,681 
 (304,098 
 
 Net
 loss allocated to shareholders 
 (523,744 
 (247,681 
 (771,425 

20.
Prior Period Reclassifications 

Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentations. Due to related parties and due to directors
have both been classified as due to related parties. 

21.
Subsequent Events 

On
May 10, 2021, the Company agreed to issue 640,000 common shares at 0.033 per share to a relative of the CEO to redeem a convertible
note payable with a principal amount of 20,000 plus accrued interest and fees valued at 21,098. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into by the Company with a consultant on May 10, , 2021, the Company agreed to issue 300,000 common
shares at 0.035 per share for services valued at 10,500. Those shares have not yet been issued. 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company entered into a two year 100,000 convertible promissory note bearing an interest of 10 per annum. The loan
may be renewed at the option of the Lender and is secured with the Company s assets. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued
interest will automatically convert into shares of the Company on or before the maturity date upon the closing of a qualified transaction
to an amount equal to 25 of the fully diluted capitalization of the Company on a post-money basis. If the event that the qualified transaction
is not consummated on or prior to the maturity date, the Lender have the right to convert the principal and unpaid accrued interest of
the note into shares of the Company to an amount equal to 25 of the fully diluted capitalization of the Company. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page F- 27 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Since
inception on September 4, 2009, there were no disagreements with the Company s principal accountants on any matter of accounting
principle or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure. In addition, there were no reportable events as
described in Item 304 of Regulation S-K that occurred within the Company s two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim
periods. The Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm since May 4, 2018 has been Fruci Associates II, PLLC,
Certified Public Accountants of Spokane, Washington whom audited the Company s May 31, 2018 year end, December 31, 2018 year
end and December 31, 2019 year end. The company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Since August 17, 2021 has been
K.R. Margetson Ltd of Vancouver, Canada whom audited the company s December 31, 2020 year end. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

In
connection with the preparation of this annual report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management,
with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ))
as of December 31, 2020. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Based
on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information required to be
disclosed, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information was accumulated or communicated to
management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In particular, the Company has identified material weaknesses in
internal control over financial reporting, as discussed below. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 11 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required by Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX)
Section 404 A. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of SPGX s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s
 assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and the Board of Directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO ). As a result of this assessment, management identified material weaknesses in
internal control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the
Company s board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures
for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and
(4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified
by the Company s Chief Financial Officer in connection with the audit of its financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and December
31, 2019 and communicated the matters to management. 

As
a result of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described above, management has concluded that, as of
December 31, 2020 SPGX s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on SPGX s financial results.
However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s
board of directors caused and continues to cause an ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of the required internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 12 

The
Company is committed to improving its financial organization. As part of this commitment and when funds are available, the Company will
create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase its personnel resources and technical accounting
expertise within the accounting function by: (i) appointing one or more outside directors to its board of directors who will also be
appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in
the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls over financial reporting; and (ii) preparing and implementing sufficient
written policies and checklists that will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management
believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who will also be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will
remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition,
management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses:
(i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further,
management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation
of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed
to support the Company if personnel turn-over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside
directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the Company may encounter in the future. 

Management
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing
basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds
allow. 

The
Company s independent auditors have not issued an attestation report on management s assessment of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. As a result, this annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The Company was not required to have, nor has
the Company, engaged its independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in
this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

On
May 2, 2018 Winzenried resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Stefan Muehlbauer was appointed by the board of directors
as the new Chief Executive Officer. Also, on July 31, 2018 Christian Winzenried resigned as Chief Financial Officer, and Stefan Muehlbauer
was appointed by the board of directors as the new Chief Financial Officer. 

On
May 3, 2020 Lilibeth Fani-Grunder resigned from the board of directors of the company. On September 9, 2020 Philip Grothe has resigned
from the board of directors from the company. 

There
have been no other changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the period ended December 31, 2020, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting . 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 13 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

(a)
Identify Directors and Executive Officers 

Each
director of the Company holds office until (i) the next annual meeting of the stockholders, (ii) his successor has been elected and qualified,
or (iii) the director resigns. 

SPGX s
management team is listed below. 

Officer s
 Name 
 
 Sustainable
 Projects Group Inc. 
 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer 
 
 Director
 and President, CEO, CFO, CCO, Treasurer, Corporate Secretary 
 
 Tiffany
 Muehlbauer 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 

Stefan
Muehlbauer Mr. Muehlbauer (41 years old) has been the Chief Executive Officer of SPGX since May 2018, the Chief Financial
Officer of SPGX since July 2018, the Chief Communications Officer of SPGX and a director of SPGX since February 2017, and has been the
Treasurer and Corporate Secretary of SPGX since January 2018, and was the Chief Financial Officer of SPGX from January to May 2018. During
the past five years, Mr. Muehlbauer has served as CEO of Arma Communications Inc, a business
development and marketing Agency in Naples, Florida since 2013. Previously, Mr. Muehlbauer held
positions with several leading investment banks in Europe. Mr. Muehlbauer was the Chief
Operating Officer at Silvia Quandt Cie AG where he was responsible for building up the institution s research and corporate
finance activities. Mr. Muehlbauer received his degree in Finance from the University
of Miami . 

Tiffany
Muehlbauer Mrs. Muehlbauer (40 years old) has been the Chief Operating Officer of SPGX since September 2018. During the
past five years, Mrs. Muehlbauer has worked as Chief Operating Officer and Creative Director at Arma Communications Inc. Previously Mrs.
Muehlbauer has worked as Head of Marketing and Equities Broker at Julius Baer Brokerage in Frankfurt Germany. Mrs. Muehlbauer holds a
bachelors degree in Finance and Marketing from the University of Miami. 

(b)
Identify Significant Employees 

The
Company has two significant employees. The Company relies upon the services and time of its key management. Stefan Muehlbauer, CEO and
CFO, has devoted and will continue to devote approximately 40 hours per week to the Company s business. Tiffany Muehlbauer, COO,
has devoted and will continue to devote approximately 40 hours per week to the Company s business. 

(c)
Family Relationships 

There
is no family relationship among the directors or officers of the Company, with the exception of Tiffany Muehlbauer, who is the spouse
of Stefan Muehlbauer. 

(d)
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past 10 years, no director, officer, or promoter of the Company has been: 

a
 general partner or executive officer of any business against which any bankruptcy petition was filed, either at the time of the bankruptcy
 or two years prior to that time; 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 14 

convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject
 to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
 or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
 activities; 

subject
 to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending
 or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity as a futures commission merchant,
 introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person
 regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser,
 underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings
 and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity,
 or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

found
 by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the
 judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

found
 by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal
 commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated; 

the
 subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

any
 Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order; or 

any
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

the
 subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
 any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 15 

(e)
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Section
16(a) of the Security Exchange Act of 1934 requires directors, executive officers and 10 or greater shareholders of SPGX to file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership (Form 3) and reports of changes in ownership of equity securities
of the Company (Form 4 and Form 5) and to provide copies of all such Forms as filed to SPGX. Based solely on SPGX s review of the
copies of these forms received by it or representations from certain reporting persons, management believes that SEC beneficial ownership
reporting requirements for the period ended December 31, 2019 were met, with the exception of the following: 

(1)
Stefan Muehlbauer failed to file a Form 4 Change of Beneficial Ownership of Securities and a Schedule 13D in a timely manner,
and a Form 5 - Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities; (2) Lilibeth Fani Grunder failed to file a Form 3 
Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities and a Form 5 - Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities;
(3) Dr. Philip Grothe failed to file a Form 5 - Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities; (4) Tiffany Muehlbauer
failed to file a Form 3 Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities in a timely manner and a Form 5 - Annual Statement
of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities; (5) Kurt Muehlbauer failed to file a Form 3 Initial Statement of Beneficial
Ownership of Securities, a Form 4 Change of Beneficial Ownership of Securities, and a Schedule 13D in a timely manner; (6) Paul
Meir failed to file a Form 3 Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities, a Form 4 Change of Beneficial Ownership
of Securities, and a Schedule 13D in a timely manner, and failed to file a Form 5 - Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership
of Securities; (7) Christopher Grunder failed to file a Form 4 Change of Beneficial Ownership of Securities and a Schedule 13D
in a timely manner, and a Form 5 - Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities; and (8) Christian Winzenried failed
to file a Form 5 - Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities. 

(f)
Nomination Procedure for Directors 

The
Company does not have a standing nominating committee; recommendations for candidates to stand for election as directors are made by
the board of directors. The Company has not adopted a policy that permits shareholders to recommend candidates for election as directors
or a process for shareholders to send communications to the board of directors. 

(g)
Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The
Company has no financial expert. Management believes the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. The
Company s Board of Directors has determined that it does not presently need an audit committee financial expert on the Board of
Directors to carry out the duties of the Audit Committee. The Company s Board of Directors has determined that the cost of hiring
a financial expert to act as a director of the Company and to be a member of the Audit Committee or otherwise perform Audit Committee
functions outweighs the benefits of having a financial expert on the Audit Committee. 

(h)
Identification of Audit Committee 

The
Company does not have a separately-designated standing audit committee. Rather, the Company s entire board of directors perform
the required functions of an audit committee. Currently, each director is a member of the Company s audit committee, but only Dr.
Philip Grothe and Ms. Lilibeth Fani Grunder meet the Company s independent requirements for an audit committee member. See Item
13. (c) Director independence below for more information on independence. 

The
Company s audit committee is responsible for: (1) selection and oversight of the Company s independent accountant; (2) establishing
procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters; (3) establishing
procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission by the Company s employees of concerns regarding accounting and auditing
matters; (4) engaging outside advisors; and, (5) funding for the outside auditor and any outside advisors engaged by the audit committee. 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company did not have a written audit committee charter or similar document. 

(i)
Code of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a financial code of ethics that applies to all its executive officers and employees, including its CEO and CFO. See
Exhibit 14 Code of Ethics for more information. The Company undertakes to provide any person with a copy of its financial code
of ethics free of charge. Please contact the Company at 239-307-2925 to request a copy of the Company s financial code of ethics.
Management believes the Company s financial code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical
conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt
internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code. Management will be updating its Code of
Ethics and will file an updated Code of Ethics when completed. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 16 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Please
see the table below: 

Summary
compensation table 

Name
 and principal position (a) 
 Year
 (b) 
 Salary
 ) (c) 
 Bonus 
 ) (d) 
 Stock
 Awards ) (e) 
 Option
 Awards ) (f) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan ) (g) 
 Non-qualified
 Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ) (h) 
 All
 other compensation ) (i) 
 Total ) (j) 
 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer CEO 
 2019 (2) 
 127,500 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 127,500 
 
 May
 2018 - present CFO 
 2020 (1) 
 75,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 75,000 
 
 July
 2018 - present 

Tiffany
 Muehlbauer COO 
 2019 
 58,269 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 58,269 
 
 Oct
 2018 - present 
 2020 
 30,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 30,000 

Christian
 Winzenried 
 2019 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 President
 and CEO 
 2020 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Feb
 2017 - May 2018 

Dr.
 Philip Grothe 
 2019 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 President
 and CEO 
 2020 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Jan
 2017 - Feb 2017 

(1)
 Mr. Muehlbauer received 45,000 from Sustainable Projects
Inc. and 30,000 from Cormo USA 

 (2)
 Mr. Muehlbauer received 90,000 from Sustainable Projects Group
Inc. and 37,500 from Cormo USA Inc. 

Since
inception, there was no stock options, stock appreciation rights, or long-term incentive plans that have been granted, exercised or re-priced. 

Currently,
the Company does not have an employment agreement with any executive officers or directors, with the exception of the following: 

On
May 1, 2018, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Stefan Muehlbauer in which Mr. Muehlbauer agreed to accept the appointment
as Chief Executive Officer of SPGX and to provide CEO-related services to the Company. As consideration for such services, the Company
agreed to pay Mr. Muehlbauer 7,500 monthly for a period of three years and be renewed for successive one year terms until terminated.
See Exhibit 10.22 - Employment Agreement for more details. 

On
May 1, 2018, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Tiffany Muehlbauer in which Ms. Muehlbauer agreed to accept the appointment
as Office Manager of SPGX and to provide management services to the Company. As consideration for such services, the Company agreed to
pay Ms. Muehlbauer 42,000 annually for a period of three years and be renewed for successive one year terms until terminated. Effective
October 1, 2018, Tiffany Muehlbauer accepted the appointment of Chief Operating Officer. See Exhibit 10.23 - Employment Agreement for
more details. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 17 

Also,
the Company reimburses all of its management and directors for reasonable expenses incurred by performing their duties for the Company. 

There
are no employment agreements or other compensating plans or arrangements with regard to any named executive officer which provide for
specific compensation in the event of resignation, retirement, other termination of employment or from a change of control of the Company
or from a change in a named executive officer s responsibilities following a change in control. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

(a)
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners (more than 5 

(1) Title
 of Class 
 (2) Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 (3) Amount
 and Nature of 
 Beneficial Owner [1] 
 (4) Percent
 of Class [2] 
 
 common
 stock 
 Paul
 Meier Steinlerstrasse
 18, Wangi, 9545 Switzerland 
 1,508,152 
 19.4 
 
 common
 stock 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer 2316
 Pine Ridge Rd #383, Naples,
 Florida, 34109 
 1,000,000 
 12.9 
 
 common
 stock 
 Kurt
 Muehlbauer 2316
 Pine Ridge Rd #383, Naples,
 Florida, 34109 
 500,000 
 6.5 

[1]
 The listed beneficial owner has no right to acquire any shares within 60 days of the date of this Form 10-K from options, warrants,
rights, conversion privileges or similar obligations excepted as otherwise noted. 

 [2]
 Based on 7,734,246 common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020. 

(b)
Security Ownership of Management 

(1) Title
 of Class 
 (2) Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 (3) Amount
 and Nature 
 of Beneficial Owner 
 (4) Percent
 of Class [1] 
 
 common
 stock 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer 225
 Banyan Blvd, Suite 220, Naples,
 Florida, 34102 
 1,000,000 
 12.9 
 
 common
 stock 
 Tiffany
 Muehlbauer 2316
 Pine Ridge Rd #383, Naples,
 Florida, 34109 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 common
 stock 
 Directors
 and Executive Officers (as a group) 
 1,000,000 
 12.9 

[1]
 Based on 7,734,246 common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020. 

Each
person listed above has full voting and investment power with respect to the common shares indicated. Under the rules of the SEC, a person
(or a group of persons) is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly, has or shares
power to vote or to direct the voting of such security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the
same security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60
days, such as options or warrants to purchase the Company s common shares. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 18 

(c)
Changes in Control 

Management
is not aware of any arrangement that may result in a change in control of the Company. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

(a)
Transactions with Related Persons 

During
the period December 31, 2020, no director, executive officer, security holder, or any immediate family of such director, executive officer,
or security holder has had any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction or currently proposed transaction, which the Company
was or is to be a participant, that exceeded the lesser of (1) 120,000 or (2) one percent of the average of the Company s total
assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, with the exception of the following: 

(1)
Christopher Grunder - Sale and purchase of shares in SP Group (Europe) AG 

Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of a share purchase agreement dated July 6, 2017 Workplan Holding Inc., a company wholly-owned by Christopher
Grunder, the principal shareholder of the Company, sold 2,000 shares in the capital of SP Group (Europe) AG to the Company. These shares
represent a 20 interest in SP Group (Europe) AG. As consideration for the purchased shares, the Company issued 6,000 restricted shares
of common stock in the capital of the Company to Workplan Holding Inc. for a purchase price of 21,000. See Exhibit 10.4 - Share Purchase
Agreement for more details. 

In
addition, as a condition precedent to the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company required SP Group (Europe) AG and its majority shareholder,
Christopher Grunder, to enter into an agreement that will require SP Group (Europe) AG to declare an annual dividend to be paid to all
of its shareholders. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the dividend agreement dated July 10, 2017 among Christopher Grunder, Sustainable
Petroleum Group Inc, and SP Group (Europe) AG, the Company will be entitled to 20 of the net profits of SP Group (Europe) AG in each
fiscal year. See Exhibit 10.5 - Dividend Agreement for more details. 

On
December 26, 2018, the Company sold all its shares of SP Group (Europe) AG back to SP Group (Europe) AG for CHF 15,000. 

(2)
Christopher Grunder - Sale and purchase of myfactor.io AG 

Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of a share purchase agreement dated May 31, 2018 SP Group (Europe) AG, a company which Christopher Grunder
is a controlling shareholder, and who was a principal shareholder of the Company at that time, acquired all of the shares in myfactor.io
AG from the Company. As consideration for the sale of all of its interest in myfactor.io.AG, the Company was to be paid Euro 220,000
as a purchase price. See Exhibit 10.21 - Share Purchase Agreement for more details. 

(3)
Christopher Grunder Amixca AG 

The
Company advanced a refundable 190,000 deposit to Amixca AG for due diligence. After such due diligence, the Company decided not to proceed
with the acquisition of Amixca AG. At the time of the advance of funds, Amixca AG and Workplan Holdings AG have a common significant
shareholder (Christopher Grunder). On January 18, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with Amixca AG for a period of three years
commencing February 1, 2018 to provide business development services. The prepayment of 190,000 to Amixca AG was supposed to serve as
consulting fees over the next three year period. The consulting agreement with Amixca AG was never utilized and Amixca AG did not provide
any services. The consulting agreement was annulled and Amixca AG agreed to return the deposit with a payment schedule spanning over
a year, beginning July 5, 2019 of 20,000 and thereafter, the first of every month of 15,455 until the full 190,000 has been repaid.
As of the date of this report, the full amount has been repaid. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 19 

(4)
Christopher Grunder - SP Group (Europe) AG 

At
the time of the agreement, SP Group (Europe) AG and the Company share a common majority shareholder (Christopher Grunder). The Company
entered into a three year consulting agreement with SP Group (Europe) AG whereby the Company will provide advisory and consulting services
commencing May 1, 2017. The agreement provides that SP Group (Europe) AG will pay the Company as follows: 

a. 
 5,000
 per month for the first year; 

b. 
 10,000
 per month for the second year; and 

c. 
 15,000
 per month for the third year. 

As
of the December 31, 2019, The Company booked 95,000 (2018- 240,000) in consulting revenues from SP Group (Europe). The consultancy
agreement was mutually terminated at the end of March 2019. 

(5)
Global Gaming Media Inc. 

The
Company entered into an agreement with Global Gaming Media Inc., a company with a common majority shareholder (Christopher Grunder),
and acquired the Gator Lotto App on May 25, 2018 by issuing 100,000 restricted shares at 4.00 per share for the valuation of 400,000.
The purchase includes the application for the Florida lotteries, all software rights to the Gator Lotto App, the domain, etc. The Company
spent an additional 11,000 toward development costs. The latest version of the Lotto App was launched February 2019. At December 31,
2018, the Company determined that an impairment of 168,000 was required which approximate its market value. As of June 2020 this asset
has been impaired fully. 

(b)
Promoters and control persons 

From
inception of the Company on September 4, 2009 to July 2016, Law Yau Yau was the only promoter of the Company s business, and from
July 2016 to February 2017 Suha H chler was the only promoter of the Company s business. From February 2017 to May 2018 Mr.
H chler and Christian Winzenried were the only promoters of the Company s business. Since May 2018 Stefan Muehlbauer has been
the only promoter of the Company s business. No promoter of the Company has received anything of value from the Company nor is
any person entitled to receive anything of value from the Company for services provided as a promoter of the business of the Company. 

(c)
Director independence 

The
Company s board of directors currently consists of Stefan Muehlbauer. Pursuant to Item 407(a)(1)(ii) of Regulation S-K of the Securities
Act, the Company s board of directors has adopted the definition of independent director as set forth in Rule 4200(a)(15)
of the NASDAQ Manual. In summary, an independent director means a person other than an executive officer or employee of
the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgement in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, and includes any director who accepted
any compensation from the Company in excess of 200,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months with the three past fiscal years.
Also, the ownership of the Company s stock will not preclude a director from being independent. 

In
applying this definition, the Company s board of directors has determined that Dr. Grothe and Ms. Fani Grunder each qualify as
an independent director pursuant to the same rule. 

As
of the date of the report, the Company did not maintain a separately designated compensation or nominating committee. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 20 

The
Company has also adopted this definition for the independence of the members of its audit committee. Each of the directors is a member
of the Company s audit committee. The Company s board of directors has determined that only Dr. Grothe and Ms. Fani Grunder
are independent for purposes of Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Manual, applicable to audit, compensation and nominating
committee members, and are independent for purposes of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

(1)
Audit Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the Company s
audit of annual financial statements and for review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q s or services
that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years
was: 

2020
- 19,000 

 2019
- 37,250 

(2)
Audit-Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountants that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported in the preceding paragraph: 

2019
- nil 

 2020 - nil 

(3)
Tax Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance,
tax advice, and tax planning was: 

2019
 - nil 

 2020
 - nil 

(4)
All Other Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for the products and services provided by the principal accountant, other
than the services reported in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) was: 

2019 - nil 

 2020
 - nil 

(5)
 The percentage of hours expended on the principal accountant s
engagement to audit the Company s financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by
persons other than the principal accountant s full time, permanent employees was nil . 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 21 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

1.
Financial Statements 

Financial
statements of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. have been included in Item 8 above. 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules for which provision is made in Regulation S-X are either not required to be included herein under the related instructions
or are inapplicable or the related information is included in the footnotes to the applicable financial statement and, therefore, have
been omitted from this Item 15. 

3.
Exhibits 

All
Exhibits required to be filed with the Form 10-K are included in this annual report or incorporated by reference to SPGX s previous
filings with the SEC, which can be found in their entirety at the SEC website at www.sec.gov under SEC File Number 000-54875 and SEC
File Number 333-169331. 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Status 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and Certificate of Amendment, filed as an exhibit to SPGX s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws,
 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment, filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form S-1 (Registration Statement) filed on September 13, 2010, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment, filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on December 19, 2016, and incorporated herein by
 reference. 
 
 Filed 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment, filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on October 26, 2017, and incorporated herein by
 reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.1 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement dated July 25, 2016 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on August 11, 2016, and
 incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.2 
 
 Property
 Purchase Agreement dated March 13, 2017 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on March 17, 2017, and
 incorporated herein by reference . 
 
 Filed 

10.3 
 
 Deposit
 Agreement dated June 23, 2017 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on July 11, 2017, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.4 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement dated July 6, 2017 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on July 11, 2017, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.5 
 
 Dividend
 Agreement dated July 10, 2017 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on July 11, 2017, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.6 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement dated April 24, 2017 filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 10-K (Annual Report) on August 31, 2017, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.7 
 
 Services
 Agreement dated August 1, 2017 filed as an Exhibit to SPGX s Form 10-K (Annual Report) on August 31, 2017, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 22 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Status 
 
 10.8 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement dated July 25, 2017 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on December 6, 2017, and
 incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.9 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement dated January 18, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on January 19, 2018,
 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.10 
 
 Consultant
 Agreement dated January 18, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on January 19, 2018, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.11 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement dated January 30, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on January 31, 2018,
 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.12 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated for reference May 22, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on May 31,
 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.13 
 
 Letter
 of Intent dated for reference September 25, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on October 3,
 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.14 
 
 Shareholder s
 Agreement dated September 29, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on October 3, 2018, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.15 
 
 Letter
 Agreement dated December 31, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on February 14, 2019, and incorporated
 herein by reference 
 
 Filed 

10.16 
 
 Purchase
 Agreement dated December 26, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on February 14, 2019, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.17 
 
 Call
 Option Agreement dated December 26, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on February 14, 2019,
 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.18 
 
 Purchase
 Agreement dated December 26, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on February 14, 2019, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.19 
 
 Call
 Option Agreement dated December 26, 2018 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on February 14, 2019,
 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.20 
 
 Shareholder s
 Agreement dated February 25, 2019 filed as an exhibit to SPGX s Form 8-K (Current Report) filed on March 1, 2019, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.21 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement dated May 31, 2018 filed on August 29, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.22 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated May 1, 2018 filed on August 29, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

10.23 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated May 1, 2018 filed on August 29, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

14 
 
 Code
 of Ethics, filed as an exhibit to SPGX s 2010 registration statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2009, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 Filed 

31 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Included 

32 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Included 

101

Financial
 statements from the annual report on Form 10-K of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2019, formatted
 in XBRL: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
 Loss; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, and (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows. 

In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, the XBRL Extensible Business Reporting Language related information is
furnished and not deemed filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities
Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability
under these sections. 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 23 

Signatures 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sustainable Projects Group Inc. has caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person. 

Sustainable
 projects Group Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 

Name: 
 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer 

Title: 
 Director,
 President CEO 

Dated: 
 December
 13, 2021 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the following persons on behalf of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 
 
 December
 13, 2021 
 
 Stefan
 Muehlbauer 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Corporate Secretary, and Chief Communications
 Officer Member of the Board of Directors 

Sustainable Projects Group Inc. Form 10-K Page 24 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm

Exhibit
31 

Sustainable
projects Group Inc. 

 CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Stefan Muehlbauer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 of Sustainable Projects Group Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 13, 2021 

/s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 

Stefan
 Muehlbauer 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Sustainable
Projects Group Inc. 

 CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Stefan Muehlbauer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 of Sustainable Projects Group Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 13, 2021 

/s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 

Stefan
 Muehlbauer 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stefan Muehlbauer, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of the Board of Directors, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 

Stefan
 Muehlbauer 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 December 13, 2021 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sustainable Projects Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stefan Muehlbauer, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company and a member of the Board of Directors, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Stefan Muehlbauer 

Stefan
 Muehlbauer 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Date:
 December 13, 2021 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 spgx-20201231.xml
 INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 spgx-20201231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 spgx-20201231_cal.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 spgx-20201231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 spgx-20201231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 spgx-20201231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

