<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211208_10-K_edgar_data_754811_0001185185-21-001814.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10952762</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>216196</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1550098</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3827607</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2491225</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2590861</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-21-001814.hdr.sgml : 20211208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211208164345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-21-001814
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			U S GLOBAL INVESTORS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000754811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				741598370
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13928
		FILM NUMBER:		211479207

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7900 CALLAGHAN RD
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78229
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2103081234

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7900 CALLAGHAN ROAD
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78229

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED SERVICES ADVISORS INC /TX/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950321

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-21-001814.txt : 20211208

10-K
 1
 usglobal20210630_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

usglobal20210630_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2021 

or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 	 incorporation or organization) 	 	 	 (IRS Employer 	 Identification No.) 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 , 	 	 	 	 	 (Address of principal executive offices) 	 (Zip Code) 	 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 	 	 	 Trading symbol(s) 	 	 	 Name of each exchange on which registered 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Capital Market 	 	 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Company (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 	 	 	 Accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller reporting company 	 	 	 	 	 	 Emerging growth company 	 	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes 

The aggregate market value of the 10,993,434 shares of nonvoting class A common stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant was , based on the last sale price quoted on NASDAQ as of December 31, 2020, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Registrant s only voting stock is its class C common stock, par value of 0.025 per share, for which there is no active market. The aggregate value of the 4,075 shares of the class C common stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant on December 31, 2020 (based on the last sale price of the class C common stock in a private transaction) was 1,019. For purposes of this disclosure only, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers, and beneficial owners of 5 percent or more of the registrant s common stock are affiliates of the registrant. 

On November 29, 2021, there were 13,866,913 shares of Registrant s class A nonvoting common stock issued and shares of Registrant s class A nonvoting common stock issued and outstanding, shares of Registrant s class B nonvoting common stock outstanding, and shares of Registrant s class C voting common stock issued and outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

Table of Contents 

Part I of Annual Report on Form 10-K 

1 

Item 1. Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

5 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

10 

Item 2. Properties 

10 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

10 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

10 

Part II of Annual Report on Form 10-K 

11 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

11 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

12 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

12 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

24 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

26 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

56 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

56 

Item 9B. Other Information 

57 

Part III of Annual Report on Form 10-K 

58 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

58 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

61 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

67 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

68 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

68 

Part IV of Annual Report on Form 10-K 

70 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

70 

Signatures 

72 

Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of the Company, Jurisdiction of Incorporation, and Percentage of Ownership 

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

Exhibit 31.1 Rule 13a 14(a) Certifications (under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications (under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

Table of Contents 

Part I of Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Item 1. Business 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, U.S. Global or the Company may make other written and oral communications from time to time that contain such statements. Forward-looking statements include statements as to industry trends, future expectations of the Company, and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts and are based on certain assumptions by management. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, intend, could, should, estimate, or continue, and similar expressions or variations. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of Company management based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements include, among others, the risks described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this report and other documents filed or furnished by U.S. Global from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). U.S. Global cautions readers to carefully consider such factors. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. Except to the extent required by applicable law, U.S. Global undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 

U.S. Global, a Texas corporation organized in 1968, is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended Advisers Act ). The Company, with principal operations located in San Antonio, Texas, manages two business segments on a continuing operations basis: 

1. 

Investment Management Services, through which the Company offers, to U.S. Global Investors Funds USGIF or the Fund(s) and exchange traded fund ETF clients, a range of investment management products and services to meet the needs of individual and institutional investors; and 

2. 

Corporate Investments, through which the Company invests for its own account in an effort to add growth and value to its cash position. The Company holds a significant amount of its total assets in investments. 

As part of its investment management business, the Company provides: (1) investment advisory services and (2) administrative services to the mutual funds advised by the Company. The fees from these services, as well as investment income, are the primary sources of the Company s revenue. 

Prior to December 31, 2019, the Company also reported a business segment for investment management services in Canada. The Company, through its Canadian subsidiary U.S. Global Investors (Canada) Limited USCAN ), owned a 65 percent controlling interest in Galileo Global Equity Advisors Inc. Galileo ), a privately held Toronto-based asset management firm which offers investment management products and services in Canada. USCAN entered into a binding letter of intent dated December 30, 2019, with Galileo whereby Galileo, pursuant to a capital restructuring, agreed to purchase back all of its common shares owned by the USCAN for 1.0 million (Canadian). The transaction was subject to the approval of Canadian securities regulatory authorities and to the satisfaction of other closing conditions. The transaction closed effective March 2, 2020. See further discussion of this former subsidiary in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements at Note 3, Discontinued Operations, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Business Segments 

Business segments on a continuing operations basis are discussed below. 

Investment Management Services 

Investment Advisory Services. The Company furnishes an investment program for each of the clients it manages and determines, subject to overall supervision by the applicable board of trustees of the clients, the clients investments pursuant to an advisory agreement. Consistent with the investment restrictions, objectives and policies of the particular client, the portfolio team for each client determines what investments should be purchased, sold, and held, and makes changes in the portfolio deemed necessary or appropriate. In the advisory agreement, the Company is charged with seeking the best overall terms in executing portfolio transactions and selecting brokers or dealers. 

1

Table of Contents 

As required by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Investment Company Act ), the advisory agreement with USGIF is subject to annual renewal and is terminable upon 60-day notice. In September 2021, the Board of Trustees of USGIF approved for an annual period the continuance of the advisory agreement. 

In addition to providing advisory services to USGIF, the Company provides advisory services to two U.S.-based ETFs: U.S. Global Jets ETF, and U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF. The advisory agreement for these ETFs has been renewed through September 2022. The Company also serves as investment advisor to one European-based ETF, the U.S. Global Jets UCITS ETF. 

Net assets under management on June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, are detailed in the following table. 

Assets Under Management AUM 

Fund 

Ticker 

June 30, 2021 

June 30, 2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

U.S. Global Investors Funds 

Gold and Natural Resources 

Global Resources 

PSPFX 

70,758 

45,899 

World Precious Minerals 

UNWPX 

112,861 

87,275 

Gold and Precious Metals 

USERX 

158,378 

133,277 

Total Gold and Natural Resources 

341,997 

266,451 

Emerging Markets 

Emerging Europe 

EUROX 

24,779 

23,910 

China Region 

USCOX 

12,546 

12,640 

Total Emerging Markets 

37,325 

36,550 

Bond 

U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond 

UGSDX 

39,079 

41,300 

Near-Term Tax Free 

NEARX 

36,763 

41,383 

Total Bond 

75,842 

82,683 

Equity 

Global Luxury Goods (formerly known as Holmes Macro Trends) 

USLUX 

54,058 

28,453 

All American Equity 1 

GBTFX 

- 

11,760 

Total Equity 

54,058 

40,213 

Total U.S. Global Investors Funds 

509,222 

425,897 

ETF Clients 

U.S. Global Jets ETF 

JETS 

3,616,805 

1,201,641 

U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF 

GOAU 

102,635 

86,210 

U.S. Global Jets UCITS ETF 

JETS 

947 

- 

Total ETF Clients 

3,720,387 

1,287,851 

Total AUM 

4,229,609 

1,713,748 

1. 

On December 22, 2020, the Global Luxury Goods Fund acquired all the net assets of the All American Equity Fund. 

Administrative Services. The Company also manages, supervises and conducts certain other affairs of USGIF, subject to the control of the Funds Board of Trustees pursuant to an administrative services agreement. The administrative services agreement with USGIF is subject to renewal on an annual basis and is terminable upon 60-day notice. In September 2021, the Board of Trustees of USGIF approved for an annual period the continuance of the agreement. 

Corporate Investments 

Investment Activities. In addition to providing management and advisory services, the Company is actively engaged in investing for its own account. See segment information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements at Note 16, Financial Information by Business Segment, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Additional Segment Information 

See additional financial information about business segments in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data at Note 16, Financial Information by Business Segment, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 

As of June 30, 2021, U.S. Global and its wholly-owned subsidiaries employed 22 full-time employees and 1 part-time employee. The Company considers its relationship with its employees to be good. Our compensation program is designed to attract, retain and reward qualified individuals who possess the skills and motivation necessary to support our business objectives and assist in the achievement of goals. Key to our compensation program are performance-based cash and stock bonuses and incentives for achieving professional certifications. In addition to base salary and bonus compensation, we also offer employees benefits such as life, disability, and health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, paid time off, a 401(k) plan that includes a match, discretionary profit-sharing, and assistance with savings programs. Long-term incentive awards include stock options. 

Competition 

The mutual fund industry is highly competitive. According to the Investment Company Institute, at the end of 2020 there were approximately 9,000 domestically registered open-end investment companies and approximately 2,300 exchange-traded funds of varying sizes and investment policies, whose shares are being offered to the public in the U.S. In addition to competition from other mutual fund managers and investment advisers, the Company and the mutual fund industry are in competition with various investment alternatives offered by insurance companies, banks, securities broker-dealers, and other financial institutions. Many of these institutions are able to engage in more liberal advertising than mutual funds and ETFs and may offer accounts at competitive interest rates, which may be insured by federally chartered corporations such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

A number of mutual fund groups are significantly larger than the funds managed by U.S. Global, offer a greater variety of investment objectives and have greater resources to promote the sale of investments therein. However, the Company believes it has the resources, products, and personnel to compete with these other mutual funds. In particular, the Company is known for its expertise in the gold mining and exploration, natural resources and emerging markets. Competition for sales of fund shares is influenced by various factors, including investment objectives and performance, advertising and sales promotional efforts, distribution channels, and the types and quality of services offered to fund shareholders. 

Success in the investment advisory business is substantially dependent on each fund s investment performance, the quality of services provided to shareholders, and the Company s efforts to market the Funds and ETFs effectively. Operating revenues from management and administrative services fees are based on the assets of the funds under management. Costs of distribution and compliance continue to put pressure on profit margins for the mutual fund industry. 

Despite the Company s expertise in gold mining and exploration, natural resources, and emerging markets, the Company faces the same obstacle many advisers face, namely uncovering undervalued investment opportunities as the markets face further uncertainty and increased volatility. In addition, the growing number of alternative investments, especially in specialized areas, has created pressure on the profit margins and increased competition for available investment opportunities. 

Supervision and Regulation 

The Company and the clients the Company manages and administers operate under certain laws, including federal and state securities laws, governing their organization, registration, operation, legal, financial, and tax status. Among the potential penalties for violation of the laws and regulations applicable to the Company are fines, imprisonment, injunctions, revocation of registration, and certain additional administrative sanctions. Any determination that the Company or its management has violated applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. Moreover, there is no assurance that changes to existing laws, regulations, or rulings promulgated by governmental entities having jurisdiction over the Company and its clients will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. The Company has no control over regulatory rulemaking or the consequences it may have on the mutual fund and investment advisory industry. 

Regulatory pronouncements and oversight have significantly increased the burden of compliance infrastructure with respect to the mutual fund industry and the capital markets. This momentum of regulations has contributed significantly to the costs of managing and administering mutual funds. 

3

Table of Contents 

U.S. Global is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC. As a registered investment adviser, it is subject to the requirements of the Advisers Act, and the SEC s regulations thereunder, as well as to examination by the SEC s staff. The Advisers Act imposes substantive regulation on virtually all aspects of the Company s business and relationships with the Company s clients. Applicable rules relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to clients, transactions with clients, effective compliance programs, conflicts of interest, advertising, recordkeeping, reporting, and disclosure requirements. The Funds and the ETFs for which the Company acts as the investment adviser are registered with the SEC under the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act imposes additional obligations, including detailed operational requirements for both funds and their advisers. Moreover, an investment adviser s contract with a registered fund may be terminated by the fund on not more than 60 days notice and is subject to annual renewal by the fund s board after an initial two-year term. Both the Advisers Act and the Investment Company Act regulate the assignment of advisory contracts by the investment adviser. The SEC is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the Investment Advisers Act and the Investment Company Act, ranging from fines and censures to termination of an investment adviser s registration. The failure of the Company, or the Funds and ETFs which the Company advises, to comply with the requirements of the SEC could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is also subject to federal and state laws affecting corporate governance, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 S-Ox Act ), as well as rules adopted by the SEC. 

U.S. Global is required to keep and maintain certain reports and records, which must be made available to the SEC upon request. 

U.S. Global manages clients portfolios on a discretionary basis, with the authority to enter into security transactions, select broker-dealers to execute trades, and negotiate brokerage commissions. The Company may receive soft dollar credits from certain broker-dealers that are used to pay for research and related services or products, which therefore has the effect of reducing certain operating expenses. These soft dollar arrangements are intended to be within the safe harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. If the ability to use soft dollar arrangements were reduced or eliminated as a result of statutory amendments, new regulations or change in business practices, the Company s operating expenses would increase. 

Relationships with Clients 

The business of the Company is to a very significant degree dependent on its association and contractual relationships with USGIF and exchange traded fund clients. In the event the advisory or administrative agreements with USGIF or the advisory agreements with exchange traded fund clients are canceled or not renewed pursuant to the terms thereof, the Company would be substantially adversely affected. U.S. Global considers its relationships with its clients to be good, and management has no reason to believe that the management and service contracts will not be renewed in the future; however, there is no assurance that USGIF and/or the exchange traded fund clients will choose to continue their relationships with the Company. 

Available Information 

Available Information . The Company s Internet website address is www.usfunds.com. Information contained on the Company s website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K. The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed with (or furnished to) the SEC are available through a link on the Company s Internet website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed or furnished. (The link to the Company s SEC filings can be found at www.usfunds.com by clicking About Us, followed by Investor Relations. The Company routinely posts important information on its website. 

The Company also posts its Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers and the charters of the audit and compensation committees of its Board of Directors on the Company s website in the Policies and Procedures section. The Company s SEC filings and governance documents are available in print to any stockholder that makes a written request to: Investor Relations, U.S. Global Investors, Inc., 7900 Callaghan Road, San Antonio, Texas 78229. 

The Company files reports electronically with the SEC via the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system EDGAR ), which may be accessed through the Internet. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, at http://www.sec.gov. 

Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using the website, SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We also use social media to communicate with our customers and the public about our company. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on social media channels listed below. This list may be updated from time to time. 

https://www.facebook.com/USFunds 

https://twitter.com/USFunds 

https://twitter.com/USGlobalETFs 

https://www.linkedin.com/company/u-s-global-investors 

https://www.instagram.com/usglobal 

https://pinterest.com/usfunds 

https://www.youtube.com/c/usglobalinvestorssanantonio 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDkX1zvbWPyWc99esHOhwRQ 

Information contained on our website or on social media channels is not deemed part of this report. 

4

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The Company faces a variety of significant and diverse risks, many of which are inherent in the business. Described below are certain risks that could materially affect the Company. Other risks and uncertainties that the Company does not presently consider to be material, or of which the Company is not presently aware, may become important factors that affect it in the future. The occurrence of any of the risks discussed below could materially and adversely affect the business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow. 

Risk Factors Related to Our Industry 

The investment management business is intensely competitive. 

Competition in the investment management business is based on a variety of factors, including: 

Investment performance; 

Investor perception of an investment team s drive, focus, and alignment of interest with them; 

Quality of service provided to, and duration of relationships with, clients and shareholders; 

Business reputation; and 

Level of fees charged for services. 

The Company competes with a large number of investment management firms, commercial banks, broker-dealers, insurance companies, and other financial institutions. Competitive risk is heightened by the fact that some competitors may invest according to different investment styles or in alternative asset classes which the markets may perceive as more attractive than the Company s investment approach. If the Company is unable to compete effectively, revenues and earnings may be reduced, and the business could be materially affected.

Failure to comply with government regulations could result in fines, which could cause the Company s earnings and stock price to decline. 

The Company is subject to a variety of foreign and domestic federal securities laws and agencies, including, but not limited to, the Advisers Act, the Investment Company Act, the S-Ox Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, the SEC, FINRA, and NASDAQ. Moreover, financial reporting requirements and the processes, controls, and procedures that have been put in place to address them, are comprehensive and complex. While management has focused attention and resources on compliance policies and procedures, non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations could result in fines, sanctions or censures which could affect the Company s reputation, and thus its revenues and earnings. 

Our business is subject to substantial risk from litigation, regulatory investigations and potential securities laws liability. 

Many aspects of U.S. Global s business involve substantial risks of litigation, regulatory investigations and/or arbitration. The Company is exposed to liability under federal and state securities laws, other federal and state laws and court decisions, as well as rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and other regulatory bodies. U.S. Global, its subsidiaries, and/or officers could be named as parties in legal actions, regulatory investigations and proceedings. An adverse resolution of any lawsuit, legal or regulatory proceeding or claim against the Company could result in substantial costs or reputational harm to the Company and have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations, which, in turn, may negatively affect the market price of the Company s common stock and U.S. Global s ability to pay dividends. In addition to these financial costs and risks, the defense of litigation or arbitration may divert resources and management s attention from operations. 

Increased regulatory and legislative actions and reforms could increase costs and negatively impact the Company s profitability and future financial results. 

The Company is subject to financial services laws, regulations, corporate governance requirements, administrative actions and policies. During the past two decades, federal securities laws have been substantially augmented and made significantly more complex by the S-Ox Act, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act ). With new laws and changes in interpretations and enforcement of existing requirements, the associated time the Company must dedicate to, and related costs the Company must incur in, meeting the regulatory complexities of the business have increased. In order to comply with these requirements, the Company has had to expend additional time and resources. Future changes in financial institution regulation may increase the costs of compliance and the complexity of operations. 

5

Table of Contents 

Further, adverse results of regulatory investigations of mutual fund, investment advisory, and financial services firms could tarnish the reputation of the financial services industry generally, and mutual funds and investment advisers more specifically, causing investors to avoid further fund investments or redeem their balances. Redemptions would decrease the Company s assets under management, which would reduce its advisory revenues and net income. 

Risks Related to Our Operations 

Natural disasters, global pandemics and other unpredictable events could adversely affect our operations. 

Natural disasters, outbreaks of epidemics, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other unpredictable events could adversely affect our revenues, expenses, and net income by: 

decreasing investment valuations in, and returns on, the investment portfolios that we manage and our corporate portfolio, thus causing reductions and volatility in revenue, 

causing disruptions in national or global economies that decrease investor confidence and make investment products generally less attractive, 

incapacitating or reducing the availability of key personnel necessary to conduct our business activities, 

interrupting the Company s business operations or those of critical service providers, 

triggering technology delays or failures, and 

requiring substantial capital expenditures and operating expenses to remediate damage, replace our facilities, and restore our operations. 

The Company s business operations are concentrated in San Antonio, Texas. The Company has developed various backup systems and contingency plans but cannot be assured that those preparations will be adequate in all circumstances that could arise, or that material interruptions and disruptions will not occur. The Company also relies to varying degrees on outside vendors for service delivery in addition to technology and disaster contingency support, and there is a risk that these vendors will not be able to perform in an adequate and timely manner. If the Company loses the availability of employees, or if it is unable to respond adequately to such an event in a timely manner, revenues, expenses, and net income could be negatively impacted. 

Specifically, the effects of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) since December 2019 have negatively affected the global economy, the United States economy and the global financial markets, and may disrupt the Company s operations and the Company s clients operations, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the long-term effects of the current pandemic cannot currently be predicted, previous occurrences of other pandemic and epidemic diseases had an adverse effect on the economies of those countries in which they were most prevalent. A recurrence of an outbreak of any kind of epidemic, communicable disease or virus or major public health issue could cause a slowdown in the levels of economic activity generally, which would adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and operations. 

The loss of key personnel could negatively affect the Company s financial performance. 

The success of the Company depends on key personnel, including the portfolio managers, analysts, and executive officers. Competition for qualified, motivated, and skilled personnel in the asset management industry remains significant. Moreover, in order to retain certain key personnel, the Company may be required to increase compensation to such individuals, resulting in additional expense. The loss of key personnel or the Company s failure to attract replacement personnel could negatively affect its financial performance. 

The Company could be subject to losses if it fails to properly safeguard sensitive and confidential information. 

As part of the Company s normal operations, it maintains and transmits certain confidential information about the Company and its clients as well as proprietary information relating to its business operations. These systems could be victimized by unauthorized users or corrupted by computer viruses or other malicious software code, or authorized persons could inadvertently or intentionally release confidential or proprietary information. Such a breach could subject the Company to liability for a failure to safeguard client data, result in the termination of relationships with our existing customers, require significant capital and operating expenditures to investigate and remediate the breach and subject the Company to regulatory action. 

6

Table of Contents 

We rely upon certain critical information systems for the operation of our business, and the failure of any critical information system, including a cyber-security breach, may result in harm to our business. 

We are heavily dependent on technology infrastructure and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems include data network and telecommunications, internet access and our websites, and various computer hardware equipment and software applications. These information systems are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, software viruses or other malware, power failures, cyber-attacks and other events to the extent that these information systems are under our control. We have implemented measures, such as virus protection software, intrusion detection systems and emergency recovery processes to address the outlined risks. However, security measures for information systems cannot be guaranteed to be failsafe. Any compromise of our data security or our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact the timely and efficient operation of our business and subject us to additional costs and liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Finally, federal legislation relating to cyber-security threats could impose additional requirements on our operations. 

Higher insurance premiums and related insurance coverage risks could increase costs and reduce profitability. 

While U.S. Global carries insurance in amounts and under terms that it believes are appropriate, the Company cannot assure that its insurance will cover most liabilities and losses to which it may be exposed, or that our insurance policies will continue to be available at acceptable terms and fees. U.S. Global is subject to regulatory and governmental inquiries and civil litigation. An adverse outcome of any such proceeding could involve substantial financial penalties. From time to time, various claims against us arise in the ordinary course of business, including employment-related claims. There has been increased incidence of litigation and regulatory investigations in the financial services industry in recent years, including customer claims and class action suits alleging substantial monetary damages. Certain insurance coverage may not be available or may be prohibitively expensive in future periods. As U.S. Global s insurance policies come up for renewal, the Company may need to assume higher deductibles or co-insurance liabilities, or pay higher premiums, which would increase the Company s expenses and reduce net income. 

Risks Related to Assets Under Management 

Poor investment performance could lead to a decline in revenues. 

Success in the investment management industry is largely dependent on investment performance relative to market conditions and the performance of competing products. Good relative performance generally attracts additional assets under management, resulting in additional revenues. Conversely, poor performance generally results in decreased sales and increased redemptions with a corresponding decrease in revenues. Therefore, poor investment performance relative to the portfolio benchmarks and to competitors could impair the Company s revenues and growth. The equity funds within USGIF have a performance fee whereby the base advisory fee is adjusted upwards or downwards by 0.25 percent if there is a performance difference of 5 percent or more between a Fund s performance and that of its designated benchmark index over the prior rolling 12 months. 

The Company s clients can terminate their agreements with the Company on short notice, which may lead to unexpected declines in revenue and profitability. 

The Company s investment advisory agreements are generally terminable on short notice and subject to annual renewal. If the Company s investment advisory agreements are terminated, which may occur in a short time frame, the Company may experience a decline in revenues and profitability. 

The Company derives a substantial portion of revenue from one fund under management. 

A substantial amount of assets under management is concentrated in the U.S. Global Jets ETF (82 percent and 35 percent of average net assets for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively). Consequently, the Company s revenues followed a similar pattern of concentration (76 percent and 33 percent of total operating revenues for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively). As a result, our operating results are particularly dependent upon the performance of one fund and our ability to maintain and grow assets under management in that fund. If this fund were to experience a significant decrease in market value or redemptions, our assets under management would be reduced, adversely affecting our revenues. 

7

Table of Contents 

Difficult market conditions can adversely affect the Company by reducing the market value of the assets we manage or causing shareholders to make significant redemptions. 

Changes in economic or market conditions may adversely affect the profitability, performance of and demand for the Company s investment products and services. Under the Company s advisory fee arrangements, the fees received are primarily based on the market value of assets under management. Accordingly, a decline in the price of securities held in funds under management would be expected to cause revenues and net income to decline, which would result in lower advisory fees, or cause increased shareholder redemptions in favor of investments they perceive as offering greater opportunity or lower risk, which redemptions would also result in lower advisory fees. The ability of the Company to compete and grow is dependent on the relative attractiveness of the types of investment products the Company offers and its investment performance and strategies under prevailing market conditions. 

Market-specific risks may negatively impact the Company s earnings. 

The Company manages certain funds in the emerging market and natural resources sectors, which are highly cyclical. The investments in the funds are subject to significant loss due to political, economic and diplomatic developments, currency fluctuations, social instability, and changes in governmental policies, including trading policies, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers. Foreign trading markets, particularly in some emerging market countries, are often smaller, less liquid, less regulated and significantly more volatile than the U.S. and other established markets. 

Government relationship risks may negatively impact the Company s earnings. 

The Company manages a fund with significant investments in China-based issuers. While companies in China may be subject to limitations on their business relationships under Chinese law, these laws may not be consistent with certain political and security concerns of the U.S. As a result, Chinese companies may have material direct or indirect business relationships with governments that are considered state sponsors of terrorism by the U.S. government, or governments that otherwise have policies in conflict with the U.S. government (an Adverse Government ). If a fund under management invests in companies that have or develop a material business relationship with an Adverse Government, the fund will be subject to the risk that these companies reputation and price in the market will be adversely or negatively impacted. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price and trading volume of the Company s class A common stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for the Company s stockholders. 

The market price of the Company s class A common stock may be volatile, and the trading volume may fluctuate, causing significant price variations to occur. If the market price of the Company s class A common stock declines significantly, stockholders may be unable to sell their shares at or above their purchase price. The Company cannot assure that the market price of its class A common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the price of the Company s class A common stock, or result in fluctuations in price or trading volume, include: 

Decreases in assets under management; 

Variations in quarterly and annual operating results; 

Volatility in realized and unrealized gains or losses on corporate investments; 

Publication of research reports about the Company or the investment management industry; 

Departures of key personnel; 

Adverse market reactions to any indebtedness the Company may incur, acquisitions or disposals the Company may make, or securities the Company may issue in the future; 

Changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

Changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations, or differing interpretations thereof, affecting the business, or enforcement of these laws and regulations, or announcements relating to these matters; 

Adverse publicity about the asset management industry, generally, or individual scandals, specifically; and 

General market and economic conditions. 

In addition, the Company has invested in convertible securities and warrants in the cryptocurrency mining industry through its corporate investments and indirectly through an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Cryptocurrency markets and related stocks have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile. This volatility may materially impact the Company s financial statements and thus affect the Company s common stock market price. In addition, the price of the Company s common stock may fluctuate to the extent that shareholders invest in the Company s common stock as a proxy for cryptocurrency. The investing public may be influenced by future anticipated appreciation or depreciation in value of cryptocurrencies or blockchain generally, factors over which the Company has little or no influence or control. The Company s stock price may also be subject to volatility due to supply and demand factors associated with few or limited public company options for investment in the segment, which may change over time. 

8

Table of Contents 

One person beneficially owns substantially all of our voting stock and controls the outcome of all matters requiring a vote of stockholders, which may influence the value of our publicly traded non-voting stock. 

Frank Holmes, CEO, is the beneficial owner of over 99 percent of our class C voting convertible common stock and controls the outcome of all issues requiring a vote of stockholders. All of our publicly traded stock is nonvoting stock. Consequently, except to the extent provided by law, stockholders other than Frank Holmes have no vote with respect to the election of directors or any other matter requiring a vote of stockholders. This lack of voting rights may adversely affect the market value of the publicly traded class A nonvoting common stock. 

The market price of the Company s class A common stock could decline due to the large number of shares of the Company s class C common stock eligible for future sale upon conversion to class A shares. 

The market price of the Company s class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of class A common stock eligible for future sale upon the conversion of class C shares, or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for the Company to raise additional capital by selling equity securities in the future, at a time and price the Company deems appropriate. 

The Company intends to pay regular dividends to its stockholders, but the ability to do so is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

The Company intends to pay cash dividends on a monthly basis, but the Board of Directors, at its discretion, may decrease the level or frequency of dividends or discontinue payment of dividends entirely based on earnings, operations, capital requirements, general financial condition of the Company, and general business conditions. 

Acquisitions involve inherent risks that could compromise the success of the combined business and dilute the holdings of current stockholders. 

As part of our business strategy, we may pursue corporate development transactions, including the acquisition of asset management firms. These transactions involve assessing the value, strengths, weaknesses, liabilities and potential profitability of the transactions, and if our assessment is incorrect, the success of the combined business could be jeopardized. In addition, such transactions are subject to acquisition costs and expenses, are likely to divert the attention of management s time, and can dilute the stockholders of the combined company if the acquisition is made for stock of the combined company. 

Risks Related to Our Corporate Investments 

Investment income and assets may be negatively impacted by fluctuations in the Company s corporate investments. 

The Company currently has a substantial portion of its assets in corporate investments. These investments are subject to investment market risk, and investment income could be adversely affected by the realization of losses upon disposition of investments or the recognition of significant unrealized losses or impairments. Fluctuations in investment income are expected to continue in the future. 

The Company has exposure to the cryptocurrency markets through its investments. 

The Company has invested in convertible securities and warrants in the cryptocurrency mining industry through its corporate investments and indirectly through an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Cryptocurrency markets and related stocks have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile. There is potential for significant volatility in the valuation of the Company s cryptocurrency-related investments. 

Adverse changes in foreign currencies could negatively impact financial results. 

We have cash and certain corporate investments held in foreign currencies. Adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates would also lower the value of those assets. Certain assets under management also have exposure to foreign currency fluctuations in various markets, which could impact their valuation and thus the revenue we receive. 

9

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company presently owns and occupies an office building as its headquarters in San Antonio, Texas. The office building is approximately 46,000 square feet on approximately 2.5 acres of land. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There are no material legal proceedings in which the Company is involved. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

10

Table of Contents 

Part II of Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

U.S. Global Investors, Inc. U.S. Global or the Company has three classes of common equity: class A, class B, and class C common stock, par value 0.025 per share. 

The Company s class A common stock is traded over-the-counter and is quoted daily under NASDAQ s Capital Markets. Trades are reported under the symbol GROW. 

There is no established public trading market for the Company s class B and class C common stock. 

The Company s class A and class B common stock have no voting privileges. 

Holders 

On November 29, 2021, there were approximately 170 holders of record of class A common stock, no holders of record of class B common stock, and 24 holders of record of class C common stock. 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

Information relating to equity compensation plans under which our stock is authorized for issuance is set forth in Item 12 of Part III of this Form 10-K under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

Purchases of equity securities by the issuer 

The Company has a share repurchase program, approved by the Board of Directors, authorizing the Company to annually purchase up to 2.75 million of its outstanding common shares, as market and business conditions warrant, on the open market in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 through December 31, 2021. The repurchase program has been in place since December 2012, and the Board of Directors has annually renewed the repurchase program each calendar year. 

For the quarter ended June 30, 2021, the Company purchased a total of 17,155 class A shares using cash of 125,000. The Company may repurchase class A stock from employees; however, none were repurchased from employees during the quarter ended June 30, 2021. The Company did not repurchase any classes B or C common stock during the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 

(dollars in thousands, except price data) 

Period 

Total Number of 

			 Shares Purchased 1 

Total Amount 

			 Purchased 

Average Price 

			 Paid Per Share 2 

Total Number of 

			 Shares Purchased as 

			 Part of Publicly 

			 Announced Plan 3 

Approximate Dollar 

			 Value of Shares that 

			 May Yet Be 

			 Purchased Under 

			 the Plan 

04-01-21 to 04-30-21 

6,438 

55 

8.56 

6,438 

2,568 

05-01-21 to 05-31-21 

7,398 

50 

6.77 

7,398 

2,518 

06-01-21 to 06-30-21 

3,319 

20 

6.04 

3,319 

2,498 

Total 

17,155 

125 

7.30 

17,155 

1. 

The Board of Directors of the Company approved on December 7, 2012, and renewed annually, a repurchase of up to 2.75 million in each of calendar years 2013 through 2021 of its outstanding class A common stock from time to time on the open market in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. 

2. 

The average price paid per share of stock repurchased under the stock repurchase program includes the commissions paid to brokers. 

3. 

The repurchase plan was approved on December 7, 2012, renewed annually, and will continue through calendar year 2021. The total dollar amount of shares that may be repurchased in 2021 under the renewed program is 2.75 million. 

11

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This discussion reviews and analyzes the consolidated results of operations of U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, U.S. Global or the Company for the past two fiscal years and other factors that may affect future financial performance. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Recent Trends in Financial Markets 

The Company s operating revenues are highly correlated to the level of assets under management AUM and fees associated with various investment products. While AUM is directly impacted by changes in the financial markets, it is also impacted by cash inflows or outflows due to shareholder activity. Performance fees on certain equity fund products may also impact revenues, either positively or negatively. Various products may have different fees, so changes in our product mix may also affect revenues. For example, international equity products will generally have a higher fee than fixed income products, so changes in assets in those products will have a larger impact on revenues. 

While products are offered for a wide variety of markets, the Company has traditionally focused on gold mining and exploration, natural resources, and emerging markets. More recently the airline industry has become more significant to our revenue. All these markets are volatile and subject to capital cycles. 

With a widespread roll out of the various COVID-19 vaccines in the United States, the economy began to open back up with travel and office work returning to a new normal. Energy demand picked up significantly with crude oil prices approaching an 80 percent gain for the trailing year. Travel and luxury goods rebounded with airlines rising nearly 45 percent and luxury goods companies up 56 percent. There was broad strength across the industrial metals, and copper rose 55 percent for the trailing year. For precious metals, silver was the leader, up 44 percent, followed closely by palladium at 43 percent. Platinum gained 30 percent, after a slightly negative return in the prior year. Spot gold finished the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, at 1,770.11, down less than 1 percent from June 30, 2020. Rising interest rates across the longer end of the yield curve were a headwind to gold with the yield on the 10-year U.S. government note rising to 1.47 percent from a low of 0.66 percent a year earlier. The pick-up in yield, however, was not accompanied by any changes in the Federal Funds Target Rate with the upper bound remaining set at 0.25 percent. 

The Company s emerging markets products had positive gains but only about half the gains that U.S. equity markets experienced, which was largely a function of how well various regions contained the virus through vaccinations. Eastern European markets gained about 22 percent compared to the S P 500 s gain of 41 percent. Trade tensions still exist between the U.S. and China despite the change in presidential power, and President Biden has been slow to relax many of the trade barriers erected against China. Many regions in the world, including the U.S., have pockets of unvaccinated people, which is allowing the Delta variant of COVID-19 to potentially mutate again. 

Coming out of the virus lockdown, GDP growth in the U.S. has been robust, averaging high signal digits the last 3 quarters. This has triggered some renewed inflation concerns with some materials like lumber, the reduced availability of which has led to skyrocketing prices for this commodity amid strong demand for housing. The current thinking by the Fed on inflation is that it will be transitory. Civil and political unrest peaked with the storming of the nation s capital as the Senate was voting to confirm Joe Biden as the next President of the United States of America. Expanded social services are a priority of the new administration that will be funded through taxes at a time when there is great political stress. Modern Monetary Theory continues to reverberate in the news. We would expect the U.S. dollar to decline in value with more deficit spending, perhaps prompting investor to seek inflation protection through precious metals and other commodities. 

In addition to its gold, natural resources and emerging markets funds, the Company has global equity and domestic fixed income funds. While these products do not drive the Company s profitability as much as the more specialized products, they provide an opportunity to offer shareholders diversification and less volatility than the niche markets. 

12

Table of Contents 

Mutual funds in general continued to see outflows compared to other investment alternatives, including ETFs. The Company has two ETF products listed on the New York Stock Exchange: the U.S. Global Jets ETF (ticker JETS), which concentrates on the U.S. and international airline industry, and the U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (ticker GOAU), which invests in companies engaged in the production of precious metals either through active (mining or production) or passive (owning royalties or production streams) means. The Company has one European-based ETF product listed on various exchanges in Europe, the U.S. Global Jets UCITS ETF (ticker JETS), which concentrates on the U.S. and international airline industry. 

The spread of the global COVID-19 outbreak and actions taken in response have affected the global and domestic economies and financial markets. Market declines affect the Company s assets under management, and thus its revenues and also the valuation of the Company s corporate investments. The Company cannot determine the long-term impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business. Should this emerging macro-economic risk continue for an extended period, there could be an adverse material financial impact to the Company s business and investments, including a material reduction in its results of operations. 

COVID-19-related circumstances (e.g., remote work arrangements) have not adversely affected the Company s ability to maintain operations, including financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. 

Assets in the U.S. Global Jets ETF Jets ETF (ticker JETS) started to accelerate in the latter part of March 2020 and continued through fiscal year 2021. Assets in the Jets ETF were 3.6 billion and 1.2 billion at June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Jets ETF invests in airline-related stocks, including global airline carriers, airport operators and aircraft manufacturers. While global financial markets have experienced volatility, including stocks in which the Jets ETF invests, this ETF has attracted inflows. 

To manage expenses, the Company maintains a flexible structure for one of its largest costs, compensation expense, by setting relatively low base salaries with bonuses that are tied to fund and Company performance. Thus, the Company s expense model somewhat expands and contracts with asset swings and performance. 

Business Segments 

The Company, with principal operations located in San Antonio, Texas, manages two business segments on a continuing operations basis: 

1. 

Investment management services, through which the Company offers, to U.S. Global Investors Funds USGIF or the Fund(s) and ETF clients, a range of investment management products and services to meet the needs of individual and institutional investors; and 

2. 

Corporate investments, through which the Company invests for its own account in an effort to add growth and value to its cash position. The Company holds a significant amount of its total assets in investments. 

Assets Under Management AUM 

(dollars in thousands) 

June 30, 2021 

June 30, 2020 

Investment Management Services 

USGIF 

509,222 

425,897 

ETF Clients 

3,720,387 

1,287,851 

Total AUM 

4,229,609 

1,713,748 

On June 30, 2021, total AUM as of period end was 4.2 billion compared to 1.7 billion on June 30, 2020, an increase of 2.5 billion, or 146.8 percent. The increase was primarily due to inflows into ETF clients, primarily the U.S. Global Jets ETF Jets ETF ). 

During fiscal year 2021, average AUM was 3.4 billion compared to 699.5 million in fiscal year 2020, an increase of 379.3 percent. The increase was primarily due to inflows into the Jets ETF, resulting in an increase in assets which accelerated starting in the latter part of March 2020 and continued through fiscal year 2021. The Jets ETF invests in airline-related stocks, including global airline carriers, airport operators and aircraft manufacturers. While global financial markets have experienced volatility, including stocks in which the Jets ETF invests, this ETF has attracted inflows. 

The following is a brief discussion of the Company s two business segments on a continuing operations basis. 

13

Table of Contents 

Investment Management Services 

The Company generates operating revenues from managing and servicing the Funds. The Company recorded advisory and administrative services fees from USGIF totaling approximately 4.5 million and 2.7 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. These revenues are largely dependent on the total value and composition of assets under its management. Fluctuations in the markets and investor sentiment directly impact the Funds asset levels, thereby affecting income and results of operations. Detailed information regarding the Funds managed by the Company within USGIF can be found on the Company s website, www.usfunds.com, including the prospectus and performance information for each fund. The mutual fund shareholders in USGIF are not required to give advance notice prior to redemption of shares in the Funds, and the USGIF funds do not currently charge a redemption fee. 

Investment base advisory fees from USGIF are calculated as a percentage of average net assets, ranging from 0.375 percent to 1.25 percent, and are paid monthly. The base advisory fee on the equity funds within USGIF is adjusted upward or downward based on performance. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company adjusted its base advisory fees upward (downward) by 482,000 and 525,000), respectively. USGIF advisory fees in total, including performance adjustments, increased by approximately 1.8 million, or 68.1 percent, in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, primarily as a result of an increase in average assets under management driven by market appreciation in the equity funds and an increase in received performance fees. 

Mutual fund investment advisory fees are also affected by changes in assets under management, which include: 

market appreciation or depreciation; 

the addition of new fund shareholder accounts; 

fund shareholder contributions of additional assets to existing accounts; 

withdrawals of assets from and termination of fund shareholder accounts; 

exchanges of assets between accounts or products with different fee structures; and 

the amount of fees voluntarily reimbursed. 

The following tables summarize the changes in assets under management for USGIF for fiscal years 2021 and 2020. 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Equity 

Fixed Income 

Total 

Beginning Balance 

343,214 

82,683 

425,897 

Market appreciation 

101,575 

229 

101,804 

Dividends and distributions 

(16,243 

(401 

(16,644 

Net shareholder purchases (redemptions) 

4,834 

(6,669 

(1,835 

Ending Balance 

433,380 

75,842 

509,222 

Average investment management fee 

0.93 

0.00 

0.77 

Average net assets 

412,905 

82,289 

495,194 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Equity 

Fixed Income 

Total 

Beginning Balance 

334,684 

90,921 

425,605 

Market appreciation 

53,103 

1,535 

54,638 

Dividends and distributions 

(2,973 

(984 

(3,957 

Net shareholder redemptions 

(41,600 

(8,789 

(50,389 

Ending Balance 

343,214 

82,683 

425,897 

Average investment management fee 

0.96 

0.01 

0.76 

Average net assets 

322,452 

86,572 

409,024 

As shown above, average assets under management for USGIF increased in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The increase in average assets under management in fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to market appreciation in the equity funds. A significant portion of the dividends and distributions shown above are reinvested and included in net shareholder purchases (redemptions). 

Period-end assets in USGIF increased in total. The equity funds increased in net assets since the prior year-end, primarily due to market appreciation, while the fixed income funds declined mainly due to net shareholder redemptions. 

14

Table of Contents 

The average annualized investment management fee rate (total advisory fees, excluding performance fees, as a percentage of average assets under management) was 77 basis points in fiscal year 2021 and 76 basis points in fiscal year 2020. The average investment management fee for equity funds in fiscal year 2021 and 2020 was 93 and 96 basis points, respectively. The average investment management fee for the fixed income funds was nil and 1 basis point for fiscal year 2021 and 2020, respectively. The low fee rate for the fixed income funds is due to voluntary fee waivers on these funds as discussed in Note 5, Investment Management and Other Fees, in the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The Company serves as investment advisor to two U.S.-based exchange-traded funds (ETFs): U.S. Global Jets ETF (ticker JETS) and U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (ticker GOAU). The Company receives a unitary management fee of 0.60 percent of average net assets and has agreed to bear all expenses of the ETFs. The Company also serves as investment advisor to one European-based ETF, the U.S. Global Jets UCITS ETF. The Company receives a unitary management fee of 0.65 percent of average net assets and has agreed to bear all expenses of the ETF. The Company recorded advisory fees from the ETF clients totaling 17.1 million and 1.7 million in fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2020, respectively. As noted above, assets in both U.S.-based ETFs increased in fiscal year 2021, primarily in the Jets ETF. Information on the U.S.-based ETFs can be found at www.usglobaletfs.com, including the prospectus, performance and holdings. The ETFs authorized participants are not required to give advance notice prior to redemption of shares in the ETFs, and the ETFs do not charge a redemption fee. The U.S. Global Jets UCITS ETF is not available to U.S. investors. 

Corporate Investments 

Management believes it can more effectively manage the Company s cash position by maintaining certain types of investments utilized in cash management and continues to believe that such activities are in the best interest of the Company. 

The following summarizes the cost, unrealized gain or loss, and fair value of investments carried at fair value as of June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020. 

Securities at Fair Value 

Cost 

Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

			 in Investment Income (Loss) 

Unrealized Gain (Loss) in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Fair Value 

(dollars in thousands) 

Equity securities at fair value 1 

14,363 

3,895 

- 

18,258 

Available-for-sale debt securities at fair value 2 

8,741 

- 

8,308 

17,049 

Total at June 30, 2021 

23,104 

3,895 

8,308 

35,307 

Equity securities at fair value 1 

12,928 

(1,464 

- 

11,464 

Total at June 30, 2020 

12,928 

(1,464 

- 

11,464 

1. 

Changes in unrealized and realized gains and losses are included in earnings in the statement of operations. 

2. 

Realized gains and losses are included in earnings in the statement of operations. Changes in unrealized gains and losses are included in the statement of comprehensive income (loss), except for declines in fair value determined to be other than temporary, and amounts attributable to embedded derivatives, which are included in earnings in the statement of operations. An embedded derivative and its related host contract represent one legal contract and are combined within the investments in available-for-sale debt securities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The investments shown above include investments at fair value of 7.3 million and 7.0 million, as of June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively, invested in USGIF funds the Company advised. 

Investment income (loss) from the Company s investments includes: 

realized gains and losses on sales of securities; 

realized gains and losses on principal payment proceeds; 

unrealized gains and losses on fair valued securities; 

realized foreign currency gains and losses; 

realized gains and losses on sale of subsidiary; 

impairments and observable price changes on equity investments without readily determinable fair values; and 

dividend and interest income. 

15

Table of Contents 

Investment income can be volatile and may vary depending on market fluctuations, the Company s ability to participate in investment opportunities, and timing of transactions. A significant portion of the unrealized gains and losses is concentrated in a small number of issuers. For fiscal year 2021, the Company had total investment income of 28.3 million, compared to a 2.2 million investment loss in fiscal year 2020. Due to market volatility, the Company expects that gains or losses will continue to fluctuate in the future. 

A significant portion of the securities recorded at fair value in the above table is in investments in HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd. HIVE ), which were warrants and convertible debentures valued at 25.1 million at June 30, 2021, and common shares valued at 2.4 million at June 30, 2020. The investments in HIVE are discussed in more detail in Note 4, Investments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. HIVE is a company that is headquartered and traded in Canada with cryptocurrency mining facilities in Iceland, Sweden, and Canada. Frank Holmes, CEO, is the non-executive chairman of HIVE. Effective August 31, 2018, Mr. Holmes was named Interim Executive Chairman of HIVE while a search for a new CEO is undertaken. Cryptocurrency markets and related stocks have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile, and may be influenced by a wide variety of factors, including speculative activity. Cryptocurrency mining companies face a variety of risks, including, but not limited to, environmental concerns, regulatory factors, and heightened risks of cybersecurity attacks for which there may be no source of recovery. There has been significant volatility in the market price of HIVE, which has materially impacted the investment s value included on the balance sheet, unrealized gain (loss) recognized in investment income (loss), and unrealized gain recognized in other comprehensive income. 

In addition to the investments above, as of June 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company owned other investments of approximately 3.5 million and 1.3 million, respectively, classified as securities without readily determinable fair values. 

The Company also held an investment of approximately 532,000 and 158,000 as of June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively, accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This investment was in the Galileo New Economy Fund LP (previously known as Galileo Technology and Blockchain LP), a Canadian limited partnership managed by Galileo Global Equity Advisors Inc. Galileo ). Under the equity method, the Company s proportional share of the fund s net income or loss, which primarily consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments offset by fund expenses, is recognized in the Company s earnings. Income (loss) from equity method investments was 347,000 and 142,000) for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. See further discussion on equity method investments in Note 4, Investments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

The following is a discussion of the consolidated results of operations of the Company and a detailed discussion of the Company s revenues and expenses. 

Year Ended June 30, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2021 

2020 

Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations 

31,961 

(4,464 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

- 

(338 

Less: Net Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest from Discontinued Operations 

- 

(118 

Net Loss Attributable from Discontinued Operations to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

- 

(220 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

31,961 

(4,684 

Weighted average number of outstanding shares 

Basic 

15,067,044 

15,108,394 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Employee stock options 

909 

- 

Diluted 

15,067,953 

15,108,394 

Earnings Per Share Attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

Basic Net Income (Loss) per Share 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

2.12 

(0.30 

Loss from discontinued operations 

- 

(0.01 

Net income (loss) 

2.12 

(0.31 

Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

2.12 

(0.30 

Loss from discontinued operations 

- 

(0.01 

Net income (loss) 

2.12 

(0.31 

16

Table of Contents 

Year Ended June 30, 2021, Compared with Year Ended June 30, 2020 

The Company posted net income attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc., as shown in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, of 32.0 million 2.12 per share) for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared with a net loss attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. of 4.7 million 0.31 per share loss) for the year ended June 30, 2020, a positive change of approximately 36.6 million. The change is primarily due to operating income and realized and unrealized investment gains in the current year compared to operating loss and unrealized investment losses in the prior year, as discussed further below. 

Operating Revenues 

Year ended June 30, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Investment advisory fees - USGIF: 

Gold and natural resources funds 

3,606 

1,779 

1,827 

102.7 

Emerging markets funds 

302 

464 

(162 

(34.9 

Equity funds 

407 

316 

91 

28.8 

Bond funds 

3 

9 

(6 

(66.7 

Total investment advisory fees - USGIF 

4,318 

2,568 

1,750 

68.1 

ETF advisory fees 

17,127 

1,743 

15,384 

882.6 

Total advisory fees 

21,445 

4,311 

17,134 

397.4 

USGIF administrative services fees 

209 

165 

44 

26.7 

Total Operating Revenues 

21,654 

4,476 

17,178 

383.8 

Total consolidated operating revenues for the year ended June 30, 2021, increased 17.2 million, or 383.8 percent, compared with the year ended June 30, 2020. This increase was primarily attributable to the following: 

Advisory fees increased by 17.1 million, or 397.4 percent, primarily as the result of higher ETF assets under management. Advisory fees are comprised of two components: a base management fee and a performance fee. 

o 

Base management fees increased approximately 16.1 million. ETF unitary management fees increased due to an increase in ETF average assets under management, primarily in the Jets ETF. The Jets ETF invests in airline-related stocks, including global airline carriers, airport operators and aircraft manufacturers. Base fees for USGIF increased primarily as a result of higher average assets under management, primarily due to market appreciation. 

o 

Performance fee adjustments for USGIF received in the current year were 482,000 compared to 525,000 paid out in the prior year, a positive change of 1.0 million. The USGIF performance fee, which applies to the equity funds only, is a fulcrum fee that is adjusted upwards or downwards by 0.25 percent when there is a performance difference of 5 percent or more between a fund s performance and that of its designated benchmark index over the prior rolling 12 months. 

Administrative services fees increased by 44,000, or 26.7 percent, primarily as a result of higher net assets under management upon which these fees are based in the current period. These fees are paid by USGIF based on average daily net assets for administrative services provided by the Company to the Funds. 

Advisory Fees. Advisory fees, the largest component of the Company s operating revenues, are derived from two sources: USGIF advisory fees and exchange-traded fund advisory fees. In fiscal year 2021, these sources accounted for 19.9 percent and 79.1 percent, respectively, of the Company s operating revenues. 

Investment base advisory fees from USGIF are calculated as a percentage of average net assets, ranging from 0.375 percent to 1.25 percent, and are paid monthly. The base advisory fee on the equity funds within USGIF is adjusted upward or downward based on performance. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company adjusted its base advisory fees upward (downward) by 482,000 and 525,000), respectively. USGIF advisory fees in total, including performance adjustments, increased by approximately 1.8 million, or 68.1 percent, in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, primarily as a result of an increase in average assets under management driven by market appreciation in the equity funds and an increase in received performance fees. 

17

Table of Contents 

Mutual fund investment advisory fees are also affected by changes in assets under management, which include: 

market appreciation or depreciation; 

the addition of new fund shareholder accounts; 

fund shareholder contributions of additional assets to existing accounts; 

withdrawals of assets from and termination of fund shareholder accounts; 

exchanges of assets between accounts or products with different fee structures; and 

the amount of fees voluntarily reimbursed. 

The Company serves as investment advisor to two U.S.-based exchange-traded funds (ETFs): U.S. Global Jets ETF (ticker JETS) and U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (ticker GOAU). The Company receives a unitary management fee of 0.60 percent of average net assets and has agreed to bear all expenses of the ETFs. The Company also serves as investment advisor to one European-based ETF, the U.S. Global Jets UCITS ETF. The Company receives a unitary management fee of 0.65 percent of average net assets and has agreed to bear all expenses of the ETF. The Company recorded advisory fees from the ETF clients of 17.1 million and 1.7 million in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, due to an increase in assets as discussed above. 

Operating Expenses 

Year ended June 30, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Employee compensation and benefits 

7,369 

2,840 

4,529 

159.5 

General and administrative 

5,704 

3,663 

2,041 

55.7 

Advertising 

220 

174 

46 

26.4 

Depreciation and amortization 

196 

202 

(6 

(3.0 

Total 

13,489 

6,879 

6,610 

96.1 

Total operating expenses increased 6.6 million, or 96.1 percent, compared with the previous fiscal year. This increase was primarily attributable to increases in employee compensation and benefits and general and administrative expenses, as described below. 

Employee Compensation and Benefits. Employee compensation and benefits increased 4.5 million, or 159.5 percent, in fiscal year 2021, primarily as a result of increased bonuses related to realized investment gains and positive company and fund performance. 

General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses increased 2.0 million, or 55.7 percent, in fiscal year 2021, primarily due to higher ETF expenses and business development costs related to the increase in ETF assets. 

Other Income (Loss) 

Year ended June 30, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Investment income (loss) 

28,338 

(2,211 

30,549 

1381.7 

Income (loss) from equity method investments 

347 

(142 

489 

344.4 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

444 

- 

444 

n/a 

Other income 

144 

117 

27 

23.1 

Total Other Income (Loss) 

29,273 

(2,236 

31,509 

1409.2 

18

Table of Contents 

Total consolidated other income (loss) for the year ended June 30, 2021, had a positive change of 31.5 million, or 1,409.2 percent, compared with the year ended June 30, 2020. The positive change was primarily due to the following components and factors: 

There was investment income of 28.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to an investment loss of 2.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2020, a positive change of approximately 30.5 million. Investment income (loss) is dependent on market fluctuations and does not remain at a consistent level. 

o 

The current year had net unrealized gains of 9.9 million, realized gains of 17.8 million, and 6,000 in impairment losses compared to the prior year, which had net unrealized losses of 2.0 million, realized gains from sales of 151,000, and 285,000 in impairment losses. 

o 

The 17.8 realized gains in the current year was primarily from the sale of the Company s investment in common stock of HIVE, resulting in 15.0 million of the realized gains included in investment income. 

o 

The 151,000 realized gain in the prior year was from the sale of Galileo. As noted previously, USCAN had held a 65 percent controlling interest in Galileo. Galileo, pursuant to a capital restructuring, agreed to purchase back all of its common shares owned by the USCAN. This transaction closed in March 2020. See further information on this transaction in Note 3, Discontinued Operations, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

o 

Also, realized foreign currency gain (loss) was 219,000 and (232,000) in the current and prior fiscal year, respectively. The prior year foreign currency loss included 228,000 in foreign currency losses released from other comprehensive income (loss) upon the sale of Galileo. 

o 

Dividend and interest income increased from the prior period by 298,000 million, primarily due to certain interest-producing investments purchased during the current year. 

o 

Note that a significant portion of corporate investments is held in debt and equity securities of a company in the business of mining cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrency markets and related stocks have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile. See further discussion of this security and other investments in Note 4, Investments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The Company recorded income from equity method investments of 347,000 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to a 142,000 loss for the year ended June 30, 2020, a positive change of approximately 489,000. The investment was in a Galileo offering and concentrated in technology and cryptocurrency mining stocks. Cryptocurrency markets and related stocks have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile. There is potential for continued significant volatility in the valuation of the equity method investment currently held, and thus the portion of the entity s net income or loss that is included in the Company s earnings. See further discussion on these equity method investments in Note 4, Investments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The Company recorded a gain of 444,000 for the year ended June 30, 2021, due to extinguishment of debt related to forgiveness of the Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan and accrued interest. See further information on the PPP loan in Note 10, Borrowings, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

A tax expense from continuing operations of 5.5 million was recorded for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to a tax benefit of 175,000 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The tax expense in the current period was primarily the result of operating income, realized gain on sale of securities, and unrealized gains on securities. The tax benefit in the prior year was primarily the result of a decrease in valuation of certain investments, which decreased the related deferred tax liability. 

The Company and its non-Canadian subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. USCAN files a separate tax return in Canada. Provisions for income taxes include deferred taxes for temporary differences in the bases of assets and liabilities for financial and tax purposes resulting from the use of the liability method of accounting for income taxes. 

A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax amount will not be realized. A valuation allowance to fully reserve for the net operating loss carryforward, other carryovers and certain book/tax differences in the balance sheet is included in the net deferred tax balances in the amount of 2.8 million at June 30, 2020. There was no valuation allowance included at June 30, 2021. In assessing the valuation allowance, the Company considered, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, and the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods. 

19

Table of Contents 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

Loss from discontinued operations represents results of the Company s subsidiary Galileo, which was sold on March 2, 2020. Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, was 338,000 for the year ended June 30, 2020. See Note 3, Discontinued Operations, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further information on this transaction and the results from Galileo operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations 

A summary of contractual obligations of the Company as of June 30, 2021, is as follows: 

Payments due by period 

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

Less than 

			 1 year 

1-3 

			 years 

4-5 

			 years 

More than 

			 5 years 

(dollars in thousands) 

Operating lease obligations 

44 

44 

- 

- 

- 

Contractual obligations 

1,413 

706 

444 

263 

- 

Total 

1,457 

750 

444 

263 

- 

Operating leases consist of office equipment. Contractual obligations primarily consist of agreements for services used in daily operations and for marketing and distribution. Other contractual obligations not included in this table consist of agreements to waive or reduce fees and/or pay expenses on certain funds. Future obligations under these agreements are dependent upon future levels of fund assets. 

The Board of Directors has authorized a monthly dividend of 0.0050 per share from July 2021 through September 2021. The total amount of cash dividends to be paid to class A and class C shareholders from July 2021 to September 2021 will be approximately 226,000, which is included as dividends payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2021. In September 2021, the Board authorized an increase in the monthly dividend to 0.0075 per share from October through December 2021, and in December 2021, the Board authorized the continuance of the monthly dividend of 0.0075 per share from January through March 2022, at which time it will be considered for continuation by the Board. Payment of cash dividends is within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and is dependent on earnings, operations, capital requirements, general financial condition of the Company, and general business conditions. The total amount of cash dividends expected to be paid to class A and class C shareholders from October 2021 through March 2022 is 676,000. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At June 30, 2021, the Company had net working capital (current assets minus current liabilities) of approximately 21.6 million and a current ratio (current assets divided by current liabilities) of 5.2 to 1. With approximately 14.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and 10.2 million in securities carried at fair value, excluding convertible securities, which together comprise approximately 39.6 percent of total assets, the Company has adequate liquidity to meet its current obligations. Total shareholders equity was approximately 54.3 million. 

Effective April 12, 2020, the Company was approved for a loan of approximately 442,000 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). The Company has under 25 employees and is considered a small business. The Company has been granted forgiveness of the entire PPP loan and any accrued interest. 

The Company also has access to a 1 million credit facility, which can be utilized for working capital purposes. The credit agreement requires the Company to maintain certain covenants; the Company has been in compliance with these covenants during the current fiscal year. The credit agreement will expire on May 31, 2022, and the Company intends to renew annually. The credit facility is collateralized by approximately 1 million, included in restricted cash on the balance sheet, held in deposit in a money market account at the financial institution that provided the credit facility. As of June 30, 2021, this credit facility remained unutilized by the Company. 

20

Table of Contents 

Investment advisory contracts pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940 and related affiliated contracts in the U.S., by law, may not exceed one year in length and, therefore, must be renewed at least annually after an initial two-year term. The investment advisory and related contracts between the Company and USGIF have been renewed through September 2022. The advisory agreement for the U.S.-based ETFs has been renewed through September 2022. 

The primary cash requirements are for operating activities. The Company also uses cash to purchase investments, pay dividends and repurchase Company stock. The cash outlays for investments and dividend payments are discretionary and management or the Board may discontinue as deemed necessary. The stock repurchase plan is approved through December 31, 2021 but may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Cash and securities recorded at fair value, excluding convertible securities, of approximately 24.7 million are available to fund current activities. 

Management believes current cash reserves, investments, and financing available will be sufficient to meet foreseeable cash needs for operating activities. 

The spread of the global COVID-19 outbreak and actions taken in response have affected the global and domestic economies and financial markets. Market declines affect the Company s assets under management, and thus its revenues and also the valuation of the Company s corporate investments. The Company cannot determine the long-term impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business. Should this emerging macro-economic risk continue for an extended period, there could be an adverse material financial impact to the Company s business and investments, including a material reduction in its results of operations. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based on the Company s financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. Management reviews these estimates on an ongoing basis. Estimates are based on experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company believes the accounting policies that require management to make assumptions and estimates involving significant judgment are those relating to valuation of investments, income taxes, and valuation of stock-based compensation. 

Principles of Consolidation. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries: U.S. Global Investors (Bermuda) Limited USBERM ), U.S. Global Investors (Canada) Limited USCAN and U.S. Global Indices, LLC. 

Until March 2, 2020, the Company, through USCAN, owned 65 percent of the issued and outstanding shares of Galileo and represented controlling interest of Galileo. Galileo was consolidated with USCAN and the non-controlling interest in this subsidiary is included in non-controlling interest in subsidiary in the equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

There are two primary consolidation models in U.S. GAAP, the variable interest entity VIE and voting interest entity models. The Company s evaluation for consolidation includes whether entities in which it has an interest or from which it receives fees are VIEs and whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of any VIEs identified in its analysis. A VIE is an entity in which either (a) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its own activities without additional financial support or (b) the group of holders of the equity investment at risk lack certain characteristics of a controlling financial interest. The primary beneficiary is the entity that has the obligation to absorb a majority of the expected losses or the right to receive the majority of the residual returns and consolidates the VIE on the basis of having a controlling financial interest. 

The Company holds variable interests in but is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of certain funds it advises, specifically, certain funds in USGIF. The Company s interests in these VIEs consist of the Company s direct ownership therein and any fees earned but uncollected. In the ordinary course of business, the Company may choose to waive certain fees or assume operating expenses of the funds it advises for competitive, regulatory or contractual reasons (see Note 5 Investment Management and Other Fees to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding fee waivers). The Company has not provided financial support to any of these entities outside the ordinary course of business. The Company s risk of loss with respect to these VIEs is limited to the carrying value of its investments in, and fees receivable from, the entities. The Company does not consolidate these VIEs because it is not the primary beneficiary. 

21

Table of Contents 

Since the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the above funds it advises, the Company evaluated if it should consolidate under the voting interest entity model. Under the voting interest model, for legal entities other than partnerships, the usual condition for control is ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares over an entity. The Company does not have control of any of the above funds it advises; therefore, the Company does not consolidate any of these funds. 

The Company currently holds a variable interest in a fund organized as a limited partnership advised by Galileo, but this entity does not qualify as a VIE. Since it is not a VIE, the Company evaluated if it should consolidate it under the voting interest entity model. Under the voting interest model, for legal entities other than partnerships, the usual condition for control is ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares over an entity. The Company does not have control of the entity and, therefore, does not consolidate it. However, the Company was considered to have the ability to exercise significant influence. Thus, the investment has been accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 

Investments. The Company records security transactions on trade date. Realized gains (losses) from security transactions are calculated on the first-in/first-out cost basis, unless otherwise identifiable, and are recorded in earnings on the date of sale. 

Investments in Equity Securities . Equity securities are generally carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with changes in the fair value recorded through earnings within investment income (loss). 

Investments in Debt Securities . The Company classifies debt investments as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity based on the Company s intent to sell the security or, its intent and ability to hold the debt security to maturity. Available-for-sale debt securities are carried at fair value, and changes in unrealized gains and losses are reported net of tax in accumulated other comprehensive income, except for declines in fair value determined to be other than temporary, which are reported in earnings. Upon the disposition of an available-for-sale security, the Company reclassifies the unrealized gain or loss on the security from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to investment income (loss). Held-to-maturity debt securities are purchased with the intent and ability to hold until maturity and are carried at amortized cost. 

Embedded derivatives. The Company does not use derivatives for trading, speculation, or hedging exposures. Certain financial instruments the Company invests in contain both a derivative and a non-derivative component. In such cases, the derivative component is termed an embedded derivative, with the non-derivative component representing the host contract. If the economic characteristics and risks of embedded derivative are not closely related to those of the host contract, and the changes in the fair value of the host contact itself is not recorded through earnings within investment income (loss), the embedded derivative is bifurcated and carried at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded through earnings within investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The host contract will continue to be accounted for in accordance with the appropriate accounting standard. The embedded derivative and the related host contract represent one legal contract and are combined on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and tables within Note 4 Investments, unless otherwise indicated. 

Other Investments . Other investments consist of equity investments in entities over which the Company is unable to exercise significant influence and which do not have readily determinable fair values. For these securities, the Company generally elects to value using the measurement alternative, under which such securities will be measured at cost, less impairment, plus or minus observable price changes for identical or similar securities of the same issuer with such changes recorded in investment income (loss). 

Equity Method Investments . Investments classified as equity method consist of investments in companies in which the Company is able to exercise significant influence but not control. Under the equity method of accounting, the investment is initially recorded at cost, then the Company s proportional share of investee s underlying net income or loss is recorded as a component of other income with a corresponding increase or decrease to the carrying value of the investment. Distributions received from the investee reduce the Company s carrying value of the investment. These investments are evaluated for impairment if events or circumstances arise that indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments. The financial instruments of the Company are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at market or fair values or at carrying amounts that approximate fair values. 

Non-Controlling Interests. The Company reports non-controlling interest in subsidiary as equity, separate from parent s equity, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations includes net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest. 

Stock-Based Compensation. Stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award, and the cost is recognized as expense ratably over the award s vesting period. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 

22

Table of Contents 

The Company believes that the estimates related to stock-based compensation expense are critical accounting estimates because the assumptions used could significantly impact the timing and amount of stock-based compensation expense recorded in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Income Taxes. The Company s annual effective income tax rate is based on the mix of income and losses in its U.S. and non-U.S. entities which are part of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, statutory tax rates, and tax-planning opportunities available to the Company in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant judgment is required in evaluating the Company s tax positions. 

Tax law requires certain items to be included in the tax return at different times from when these items are reflected in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As a result, the effective tax rate reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements is different from the tax rate reported on the Company s consolidated tax return. Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in the tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. These timing differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment dates. 

The Company assesses uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. Judgment is used to identify, recognize, and measure the amounts to be recorded in the financial statements related to tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. A liability is recognized to represent the potential future obligation to the taxing authority for the benefit taken in the tax return. These liabilities are adjusted, including any impact of the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances such as the progress of a tax audit. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which a reserve has been established is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. 

The Company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, the Company s experience with tax attributes expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives. 

Assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements or tax returns requires judgment. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Foreign Exchange. The balance sheets of certain foreign subsidiaries of the Company and certain foreign-denominated investment products are translated at the current exchange rate as of the end of the accounting period and the related income or loss is translated at the average exchange rate in effect during the period. Net exchange gains and losses resulting from balance sheet translations of foreign subsidiaries are excluded from income and are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net exchange gains and losses resulting from income or loss translations are included in income and are recorded in investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Investment transactions denominated in foreign currencies are converted to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate on the date of the transaction and any related gain or loss is included in investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements. See information regarding accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet adopted by the Company in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

23

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Market Risk Disclosures 

The following information, together with information included in other parts of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, describes the key aspects of certain financial instruments that have market risk to the Company. 

The effects of the global COVID-19 pandemic are still evolving. There has been an effect on volatility in global and domestic financial markets, which may continue for an undetermined period. This may adversely affect assets under management and thus the Company s revenues and operating results. Market declines also affect the valuation of the Company s corporate investments, which also adversely affects the Company s balance sheet and results of operations. 

Investment Management and Administrative Services Fees 

Revenues are generally based upon a percentage of assets under management in accordance with contractual agreements. Accordingly, fluctuations in the financial markets have a direct effect on the Company s operating results. A significant portion of assets under management in equity funds have exposure to international markets and/or natural resource sectors, which may experience volatility. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates may affect the value of assets under management in fixed income funds. 

Performance Fees 

USGIF advisory fees are comprised of two components: a base management fee and a performance fee. The performance fee is a fulcrum fee that is adjusted upwards or downwards by 0.25 percent when there is a performance difference of 5 percent or more between a fund s performance and that of its designated benchmark index over the prior rolling 12 months. 

As a result, the Company s revenues are subject to volatility beyond market-based fluctuations discussed in the investment management and administrative fees section above. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company realized an increase (decrease) in its USGIF base advisory fee of 482,000 and 525,000), respectively, due to these performance adjustments. 

Corporate Investments 

The Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets include substantial amounts of assets whose fair values are subject to market risk. The market risks are primarily associated with equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates. The fair values of corporate investments with exposure to the cryptocurrency industry are subject to considerable volatility. 

The Company s investment activities are reviewed and monitored by Company compliance personnel, and various reports are provided to certain investment advisory clients. Written procedures are in place to manage compliance with the code of ethics and other policies affecting the Company s investment practices. 

Equity price risk 

Due to the Company s investments in securities carried at fair value, equity price fluctuations represent a market risk factor affecting the Company s consolidated financial position. The carrying values of investments subject to equity price risks are based on quoted market prices or, if not actively traded, management s estimate of fair value as of the balance sheet date. Market prices fluctuate, and the amount realized in the subsequent sale of an investment may differ significantly from the reported fair value. 

24

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the Company s equity price risks in securities carried at fair value as of June 30, 2021, and shows the effects of a hypothetical 25 percent increase and a 25 percent decrease in market prices. 

(dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value at 

			 June 30, 2021 

Hypothetical 

			 Percentage 

			 Change 

Estimated Fair Value 

			 After Hypothetical 

			 Price Change 

Estimated Increase 

			 (Decrease) in 

			 Net Income (Loss) (1) 

Equity securities at fair value 

18,258 

25 increase 

22,823 

3,606 

25 decrease 

13,693 

(3,606 

Embedded derivatives at fair value 2 

2,542 

25 increase 

3,178 

502 

25 decrease 

1,906 

(502 

1. 

Changes in unrealized and realized gains and losses on embedded derivatives and equity securities at fair value are included in earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The estimated increase (decrease) is after income taxes at the statutory rate in effect as of the balance sheet date. 

2. 

An embedded derivative and its related host contract represent one legal contract and are combined within the investments in available-for-sale debt securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The selected hypothetical changes do not reflect what could be considered best- or worst-case scenarios. Results could be significantly different due to both the nature of markets and the concentration of the Company s investment portfolio. 

The effects of the global COVID-19 pandemic are still evolving. There has been an effect on volatility in global and domestic financial markets, which may continue for an undetermined period. This may not only adversely affect the Company s assets under management but also the valuation of the Company s corporate investments. 

A significant portion of the equity securities recorded at fair value in the above table subject to equity price risk are investments in common share purchase warrants of HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd. HIVE ), which were valued at 8.0 million at June 30, 2021. Also, the embedded derivatives shown in the above table, which were valued at 2.5 million at June 30, 2021, are related to HIVE convertible debentures. HIVE is discussed in more detail in Note 4, Investments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. HIVE is a company that is headquartered and traded in Canada with cryptocurrency mining facilities in Iceland, Sweden and Canada. Cryptocurrency markets and related stocks have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile. There is potential for significant volatility in the market price of HIVE, which could materially impact the investment s value included on the balance sheet and unrealized gain (loss) recognized in investment income. 

The Company also has an equity method investment in Galileo New Economy Fund LP in the amount of 532,000 at June 30, 2021, which has investments in the technology and cryptocurrency mining industries. As noted above, exposure to cryptocurrency industry may result in volatility in the valuation of this fund. Under the equity method, the Company s proportional share of the fund s net income or loss, which primarily consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments offset by fund expenses, is recognized in the Company s earnings. The potential significant volatility in the valuation of the fund s investments could cause the fund s net income or loss to vary significantly from period to period, which in turn would be reflected in the Company s earnings. 

Foreign currency risk 

A portion of cash and certain corporate investments are held in foreign currencies. Adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates would lower the value of those cash accounts and corporate investments. Certain assets under management also have exposure to foreign currency fluctuations in various markets, which could impact their valuation and thus the revenue received by the Company. 

25

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

San Antonio, Texas 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (the Company and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the related Consolidated Statements of Operations, Comprehensive Income (Loss), Shareholders Equity, and Cash Flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the Consolidated Financial Statements ). In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and subsidiaries at June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These Consolidated Financial Statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2004. 

Dallas, Texas 

December 8, 2021 

26

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

Assets 

June 30, 2021 

June 30, 2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Investments in securities at fair value 

Accounts and other receivables 

Tax receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Net Property and Equipment 

Other Assets 

Investments in equity securities at fair value, non-current 

Investments in available-for-sale debt securities at fair value 

Investments in held-to-maturity debt securities 

Other investments 

Equity method investments 

Right of use assets 

Other assets, non-current 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and related costs 

Dividends payable 

Lease liability, short-term 

Other accrued expenses 

Taxes payable 

Note payable, current 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Lease liability, long-term 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 18) 

Shareholders Equity 

Common stock (class A) - par value; nonvoting; shares authorized and shares issued at June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020; 12,967,960 and 13,011,481 shares outstanding at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 	 

Common stock (class B) - par value; nonvoting; shares authorized; shares issued 	 

Convertible common stock (class C) - par value; voting; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020 	 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Treasury stock, class A shares at cost; shares and shares at June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, respectively 	 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Retained earnings 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

27

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended June 30, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2021 

2020 

Operating Revenues 

Advisory fees 

Administrative services fees 

Operating Expenses 

Employee compensation and benefits 

General and administrative 

Advertising 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Other Income (Loss) 

Investment income (loss) 

Income (loss) from equity method investments 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Other income 

Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Tax expense (benefit) 

Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations 

Discontinued Operations 

Loss from discontinued operations of investment management services in Canada before income taxes 

Tax benefit 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

Net Income (Loss) 

Less: Net Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest from Discontinued Operations 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

Earnings Per Share Attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

Basic Net Income (Loss) per Share 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

28

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Year Ended June 30, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax: 

Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities arising during period 

Less: reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income 

Net change from available-for-sale securities, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Reclassification of foreign currency losses to net loss 

Other Comprehensive Income 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Less: Comprehensive Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

29

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

(dollars in thousands) 

Common 

			 Stock 

			 (class A) Shares 

Common 

			 Stock 

			 (class A) 

Common 

			 Stock 

			 (class C) Shares 

Common Stock 

			 (class C) 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Treasury Stock Shares 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Retained Earnings 

Non-Controlling Interest 

Total 

Balance at June 30, 2019 

Purchases of shares of Common Stock (class A) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of stock under ESPP of shares of Common Stock (class A) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of shares of class C common stock for class A common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Dividends declared 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock bonuses 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Deconsolidation of non-controlling interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at June 30, 2020 

- 

Purchases of shares of Common Stock (class A) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of stock under ESPP of shares of Common Stock (class A) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Dividends declared 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock bonuses 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based compensation, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

30

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended June 30, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net recognized loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Net recognized gain on securities 

Amortization of premium on debt securities 

Accretion of discount on debt securities 

Unrealized (gains) losses on securities 

Investment basis adjustment 

Gain on disposal of Galileo 

Net (income) loss from equity method investment 

Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Foreign currency transaction loss 

Provision for deferred taxes 

Stock bonuses 

Stock-based compensation expense 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total adjustments 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of equity securities at fair value, non-current 

Purchase of other investments 

Purchase of held-to-maturity debt securities 

Purchase of available-for-sale debt securities at fair value 

Proceeds from sale of Galileo 

Proceeds on sale of securities at fair value 

Proceeds on sale of equity securities at fair value, non-current 

Proceeds from note receivable 

Proceeds from principal paydowns of available-for-sale debt securities at fair value 

Return of capital on other investments 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from loan 

Issuance of common stock 

Repurchases of common stock 

Dividends paid 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Beginning cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Ending cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing Activities 

Dividends declared but not paid 

Unsettled sales of non-current investments 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

31

Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

percent of the issued and outstanding shares of Galileo, which represents controlling interest of Galileo. Galileo was consolidated with USCAN and the non-controlling interest in this subsidiary is included in non-controlling interest in subsidiary in the equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

million at June 30, 2021, and million at June 30, 2020. 

32

Table of Contents 

33

Table of Contents 

allowance for credit losses as of June 30, 2021, or 2020. 

to years, and the building and related improvements are depreciated over to years. 

34

Table of Contents 

percent adjustment upwards or downwards of the base investment advisory fees when there is a percent difference between a fund s performance and that of its benchmark index over the prior rolling 12 months. Performance fees are recorded when it is determined that they are no longer probable of significant reversal. These fees are received in cash or paid in cash after the end of each monthly period within 30 days. Performance fees are affected by changes in fund performance, benchmark index performance, and assets under management. 

35

Table of Contents 

million (Canadian). The transaction was subject to the approval of Canadian securities regulatory authorities and to the satisfaction of other closing conditions. The transaction closed effective March 2, 2020. Proceeds of approximately ,000 were received (the equivalent of million Canadian), and a realized gain of approximately ,000 was recorded. In addition, approximately ,000 in foreign currency loss was released from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into fiscal year 2020 realized foreign currency loss upon closing the sale. 

See further information on this equity method investment in Note 4, Investments. 

36

Table of Contents 

to years. Galileo had leases for office equipment and facilities. See further information on these leases in Note 8, Leases. 

Expenses 

Employee compensation and benefits 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other Income (Loss) 

Investment income 

Other loss 

Loss from discontinued operations of investment management services in Canada before income taxes 

Tax expense (benefit) 

Loss from discontinued operations of investment management services in Canada 

Less: net loss attributable to non-controlling interest from discontinued operations 

Net loss attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. from discontinued operations of investment management services in Canada 

performance fees for the year ended June 30, 2020. Galileo may, at its discretion, waive and absorb some of its clients operating expenses. The amount of fund expenses waived and absorbed was ,000 for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

million and a cost basis of million. The fair value of these investments is approximately percent of the Company s total assets at June 30, 2021. In addition, the Company held other investments of approximately million, held-to-maturity debt investments of million and investments of ,000 accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 

37

Table of Contents 

38

Table of Contents 

Equities - Domestic 

Mutual funds - Fixed income 

Mutual funds - Global equity 

Mutual funds - Domestic equity 

Total investments in equity securities: 

Investments in debt securities: 

Available-for-sale - Convertible debentures 

Total investments carried at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Equities - Domestic 

Mutual funds - Fixed income 

Mutual funds - Global equity 

Mutual funds - Domestic equity 

Total investments in equity securities: 

Investments in debt securities: 

Available-for-sale - Convertible debentures 

Total investments carried at fair value on a recurring basis: 

million and classified as Level 3 at June 30, 2021, and common shares valued at million and classified as Level 1 at June 30, 2020. 

39

Table of Contents 

Purchases 

Sales 

Principal repayments 

Amortization of Premium (investment income) 

Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized) 

Included in earnings (investment income) 

Included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (other) 

Transfers into Level 3 

Transfers out of Level 3 

Ending Balance 

million. The convertible securities are comprised of interest-bearing unsecured convertible debentures, payable in quarterly installments with a final maturity in January 2026, and million common share purchase warrants in the capital of HIVE. The principal amount of each debenture is convertible into common shares in the capital of HIVE at a conversion rate of , and the remaining principal amount is million as of June 30, 2021. (Canadian). Cryptocurrency markets and related securities have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile. There has been significant volatility in the market price of HIVE, which has materially impacted the value of the investments included on the balance sheet, unrealized gain recognized in investment income (loss), and unrealized gain recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). The investments did not represent ownership in HIVE as of June 30, 2021. The securities are subject to Canadian securities regulations. Frank Holmes serves on the board as non-executive chairman of HIVE and held shares and options at June 30, 2021. Effective August 31, 2018, Mr. Holmes was named Interim Executive Chairman of HIVE while a search for a new CEO is undertaken. 

million on purchase date. The debentures were recorded at the estimated fair value of million on purchase date, and an unrealized gain of million was recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), which will be realized in investment income (loss) ratably using the effective interest method until maturity, conversion, or other disposition. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, million was realized in investment income (loss). The fair value of the warrants and debentures was million and million, respectively, at June 30, 2021. 

Investments in debt securities: 

Available-for-sale - Convertible debentures 

40

Table of Contents 

million common shares in HIVE. The cost of the 10 million shares was million. In fiscal year 2019, the Company adopted ASU 2016-01 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ASU 2016-01 and its amendments. On July 1, 2018, the Company reclassified million of unrealized gains related to its investment in HIVE from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) into Retained Earnings. Therefore, when the HIVE investment in common shares was sold, the amount included in realized gains on sales of fair valued securities was the proceeds of million, less the cost of 2.4 million and the ASU 2016-01 reclassified unrealized gains of 3.2 million, or million. 

million at June 30, 2021, and classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. This investment was valued at approximately million at June 30, 2020 and classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. Realized gains on sales totaled ,000 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. The Company s ownership of Thunderbird was approximately percent as of June 30, 2021. Frank Holmes served on the board of this company as a director from June 2014 to March 2021. 

,000. The investment was valued at approximately ,000 at June 30, 2020, of which ,000 was classified as Level 1 and ,000 was classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The portion of the investment classified in Level 2 was restricted for resale due to escrow and regulatory provisions; its valuation was based on the quoted market price adjusted for the restriction on resale. The remaining shares in escrow were released in August 2020. Frank Holmes served on the board of this company as director from February 2019 to June 2020 and as independent chairman from February 2019 to May 2020 and held common stock and options at June 30, 2020. 

Equities - Domestic 

Mutual funds - Fixed income 

Mutual funds - Global equity 

Mutual funds - Domestic equity 

Total equity securities at fair value 

Equities - Domestic 

Mutual funds - Fixed income 

Mutual funds - Global equity 

Mutual funds - Domestic equity 

Total equity securities at fair value 

million and million as of June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, respectively, at fair value invested in USGIF. 

41

Table of Contents 

Fair Value 

42

Table of Contents 

million and million as of June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, respectively. The Company has elected to value these investments using the measurement alternative, under which such securities are measured at cost, less impairment, if any. If the Company identifies observable price changes for identical or similar securities of the same issuer, the equity security is measured at fair value as of the date the observable transaction occurred, with such changes recorded in investment income (loss). 

Adjustments: 

Purchases 

Reclassification to securities at fair value 

Impairments 

Other downward adjustments 

Upward adjustments 

Carrying amount, end of period 

million and ,000, classified as Level 2 and Level 3, according to the fair value hierarchy, respectively. There were impairment adjustments to one security totaling ,000 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. Cumulative impairment adjustments to all equity securities without readily determinable fair values total ,000 since their respective acquisitions through June 30, 2021. The cumulative amount of other downward adjustments, which include return of capital distributions and observable price changes, is ,000, which includes ,000 for the year ended June 30, 2021, and ,000 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The cumulative amount of upward adjustments, which primarily consist of observable price changes, is million, which includes million for the year ended June 30, 2021, and ,000 for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

percent of the LP as of June 30, 2021, and the Company is considered to have the ability to exercise significant influence. Thus, the investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Included in other income (loss) for the years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020, is ,000 and ,000), respectively, of equity method income (loss) for this investment. The Company s investment in the LP had a carrying value of approximately ,000 and ,000 at June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, respectively. Frank Holmes also directly held an investment in the LP as of June 30, 2021. This investment has a concentration in technology and blockchain companies, which may result in volatility in its valuation. 

43

Table of Contents 

Unrealized gains on equity securities without readily determinable fair values 

Realized gains on sales of fair valued securities 

Realized gains on principal payment proceeds 

Realized gain on sale of subsidiary 

Realized foreign currency gains (losses) 

Impairments in equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values 

Dividend and interest income 

Total Investment Income (Loss) 

million was released from other comprehensive income (loss). Realized gain on sale of subsidiary shown in the table above for the year ended June 30, 2020, is from the sale of Galileo. See Note 3 for further information on this transaction. Realized foreign currency gains (losses) for the year ended June 30, 2020, includes ,000 in foreign currency losses released from other comprehensive income (loss) upon the sale of Galileo. 

million of net unrealized gains recognized on equity securities still held at June 30, 2021. 

USGIF performance fees earned (paid) 

ETF advisory fees 

Total advisory fees 

USGIF administrative services fees 

Total Operating Revenue 

percent if there is a performance difference of percent or more between a fund s performance and that of its designated benchmark index over the prior rolling 12 months. 

,000 and ,000 for the years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. USGIF revenue included on the Consolidated Statements of Operations is net of fee waivers. Management cannot predict the impact of future waivers due to the number of variables and the range of potential outcomes. 

44

Table of Contents 

percent of average daily net assets of each fund. 

percent of average net assets and has agreed to bear all expenses of the ETFs. The Company also serves as investment advisor to one European-based ETF, the U.S. Global Jets UCITS ETF. The Company receives a unitary management fee of percent of average net assets and has agreed to bear all expenses of the ETF. 

million in receivables from fund clients, of which ,000 was from USGIF and million from ETFs. As of June 30, 2020, the Company had ,000 in receivables from fund clients, of which ,000 was from USGIF and ,000 from ETFs. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Furniture, equipment, and other 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

,000 and ,000 in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

,000 and ,000 for the years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

,000 for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

45

Table of Contents 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchanged for: 

Net operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

At the commencement of an operation lease, no income is recognized; subsequently, lease payments received are recognized on a straight-line basis. Lease income included in other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was ,000 and ,000, for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The cost of obtaining lessor contracts, which is included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was ,000 and ,000 at June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, respectively. 

2023 

Total lease payments 

46

Table of Contents 

Vendors payable 

ETF operating and distribution expenses 

Taxes payable 

Other accrued expenses 

million credit facility for working capital purposes. The credit agreement requires the Company to maintain certain covenants; the Company has been in compliance with these covenants during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020. The credit agreement will expire on , and the Company intends to renew annually. The credit facility is . As of June 30, 2021, the credit facility remains unutilized by the Company. 

,000 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). The Company has under employees and is considered a small business. As of June 30, 2020, the balance of the loan was ,000, all of which was classified as a current liability. 

,000. 

percent of participants contributions up to the first percent of compensation and percent of the next percent of compensation. The Company recorded expenses for contributions to the 401(k) plan of ,000 and ,000 for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

,000 in fiscal year 2021. profit sharing contribution was made in fiscal year 2020. 

,000 and ,000 in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

and , respectively, shares of treasury stock from the Company. The Company matches these contributions on a limited basis. The Company match, reflected in base salary expense, was ,000 in fiscal year 2021. Company matches were made in fiscal year 2020. 

shares of class B stock issued as of June 30, 2021, or 2020. 

47

Table of Contents 

,000 and ,000 were paid to holders of class A common stock in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Dividends of ,000 and ,000 were paid to holders of class C common stock in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The dividend rate for both classes was per month during fiscal year 2020 and through January 2021 and from February 2021 through June 2021. 

per share through September 2021, at which time it will be considered for continuation by the Board. Payment of cash dividends is within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and is dependent on earnings, operations, capital requirements, general financial condition of the Company and general business conditions. On a per share basis, the holders of the class C common stock and the nonvoting class A common stock participate equally in dividends as declared by the Company s Board of Directors. See Note 19 for subsequent change in monthly dividend. 

million of its outstanding common shares, as market and business conditions warrant, on the open market in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 through December 31, 2021. The repurchase program has been in place since December 2012, and the Board of Directors has annually renewed the repurchase program each calendar year. The acquired shares may be used for corporate purposes, including shares issued to employees in the Company s stock-based compensation programs. As of June 30, 2021, approximately million remains available for repurchase under this authorization. 

and , respectively, of its class A shares on the open market using cash of ,000 and ,000, respectively. To date, the Company has repurchased a total of class A shares under the repurchase program using cash of million. 

shares of class A common stock to certain employees at a weighted average fair value of . shares were granted in fiscal year 2020. 

and of class A common stock at a weighted average fair value of and per share to its non-employee directors in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

shares of class A common stock at a weighted average fair value of per share to a key advisor in fiscal year 2020. shares were granted to outside parties in fiscal year 2021. 

,000 and ,000), respectively. 

shares were converted from class C to class A. During fiscal year 2020, shares were converted from class C to class A. Conversions are class A share for class C share and are recorded at par value. There are no restrictions or requirements to convert. 

shares of the Company s class A common stock to directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. Options issued under the 1989 Plan vest percent on the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth anniversaries of the grant date . Options issued under the 1989 Plan expire after issuance. There were options granted during the year ended June 30, 2021, with a weighted-average grant date fair value price of and a vesting period of . The fair value is estimated at the date of the grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

48

Table of Contents 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

,000 was recognized as compensation expense and ,000 was recognized as a deferred tax asset. As of June 30, 2021, ,000 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested stock options under the Plan were expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. There were no options forfeited or exercised during the year ended June 30, 2021. There were options outstanding under the 1989 Plan as of June 30, 2021, with a weighted-average grant date fair value price of 3.36. 

options outstanding as of June 30, 2020. 

n/a

Granted 

Exercised 

n/a

Forfeited 

n/a

Outstanding June 30, 2021 

shares of the Company s class A common stock to directors, officers, and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. Options issued under the 1997 Plan expire after issuance. There were options granted during the year ended June 30, 2021. There were options that were forfeited or exercised during the year ended June 30, 2021. There were options that were forfeited, and options granted or exercised during the year ended June 30, 2020. There were options outstanding under the 1997 Plan as of June 30, 2021, and 2020. 

Granted 

n/a

Exercised 

n/a

Forfeited 

Outstanding June 30, 2020 

Granted 

n/a

Exercised 

n/a

Forfeited 

n/a

Outstanding June 30, 2021 

49

Table of Contents 

1997 Plan Class A 

net operating loss carryovers and capital loss carryovers. 

million was included to fully reserve for net operating loss carryovers, other carryovers and certain book/tax differences in the balance sheet. There was valuation allowance included at June 30, 2021. 

Canada 

Total 

Tax expense (benefit) from change in foreign unrealized gain/loss 

Non-taxable investment income 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income from controlled foreign corporation 

Rate difference on foreign deferred income 

Rate difference on foreign income 

Foreign tax credit 

Other 

Total tax expense (benefit) - continuing operations 

50

Table of Contents 

Current tax expense (benefit) - Non-U.S. 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) - U.S. Federal 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) - Non-U.S. 

Total tax expense (benefit) - continuing operations 

Investments in securities at fair value 

Equity method investments 

Accrued expenses 

Product start-up costs 

Other 

Net operating loss carryover 

Charitable contributions carryover 

Capital loss carryover 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Total Net Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Income Tax Liabilities: 

Investments in securities at fair value 

Prepaid expenses 

Other investments 

Equity method investments 

Foreign tax on undistributed earnings 

Other 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net Deferred Tax Liability 

51

Table of Contents 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

Less: Net Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest from Discontinued Operations 

Net Loss Attributable from Discontinued Operations to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

Weighted average number of outstanding shares 

Basic 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Employee stock options 

Diluted 

Earnings Per Share Attributable to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

Basic Net Income (Loss) per Share 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

and employee stock options, respectively, were excluded from diluted EPS. 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 1 

Amount reclassified from AOCI 1 

Net other comprehensive income for 2020 

Balance at June 30, 2020 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

Tax effect 

Amount reclassified from AOCI 

Tax effect 

Net other comprehensive income for 2021 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

tax expense or benefit. 

52

Table of Contents 

Investment income 

Income from equity method investments 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Other income 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gross identifiable assets at June 30, 2021 

Deferred tax asset 

Consolidated total assets at June 30, 2021 

Year ended June 30, 2020 

Net operating revenues 

Investment loss 

Loss from equity method investments 

Other income 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

million and million in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net operating revenues from investment management services also include operating revenues from ETF clients of million and million in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million and million, respectively, at fair value invested in USGIF funds the Company advised. These amounts were included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as investments in equity securities at fair value. The Company recorded ,000 and ,000 in income from dividends and capital gain distributions from USGIF investments in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were net realized gains or losses on its investments in the Funds in fiscal years 2021 or 2020. 

,000 at June 30, 2020, invested in a fund advised by Galileo, a related party until March 2020, accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company recorded loss from equity method investments of ,000 in fiscal year 2020. See further discussion of these investments in Note 4. 

million and ,000, respectively, of receivables from mutual funds included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets within receivables. 

53

Table of Contents 

million and million and as of June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As discussed in Note 4, in January 2021, the Company purchased convertible securities in HIVE, and an unrealized gain was recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the convertible debentures, which will be realized in investment income (loss) ratably using the effective interest method until maturity, conversion, or other disposition. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, million in principal payments were received, and million was included in investment income (loss) as realized gains on principal payment proceeds. On July 1, 2018, the Company reclassified million of unrealized gains related to its investment in HIVE from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) into Retained Earnings. Therefore, when a HIVE investment was sold during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, the amount included in realized gains on sales of fair valued securities was the proceeds of million, less the cost of million and the ASU 2016-01 reclassified unrealized gains of 3.2 million, or million. The Company recorded ,000 in interest income from HIVE investments during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. There was no interest income or net realized gains or losses on its investments in HIVE during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The Company earned other income from HIVE for consulting fees in the amount of ,000 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had ,000 of receivables from HIVE included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets within receivables. There was no other income earned during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, and receivables as of June 30, 2020. Frank Holmes, a director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is the non-executive chairman of HIVE, for which he received director fees from HIVE during fiscal years 2021 and 2020. Mr. Holmes held shares and options of HIVE at June 30, 2021, and 2020. Effective August 31, 2018, upon the retirement of HIVE s CEO and until a new CEO is hired, Mr. Holmes became Interim Executive Chairman of HIVE. 

million and million as of June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Realized gains on sales totaled ,000 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. Frank Holmes served on the board of this company as a director, for which he received fees, from June 2014 to March 2021. 

,000 as of June 30, 2020. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company sold its investment in GoldSpot and recorded realized gains on sales of fair valued securities of ,000. Frank Holmes served on the board of this company as director from February 2019 to June 2020 and as independent chairman from February 2019 to May 2020 and held common stock and options at June 30, 2020. 

per share from July 2021 through September 2021, at which time it will be considered for continuation by the Board of Directors. Payment of cash dividends is within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and is dependent on earnings, operations, capital requirements, general financial condition of the Company and general business conditions. The total amount of cash dividends to be paid to class A and class C shareholders from July 2021 to September 2021 will be approximately ,000. 

54

Table of Contents 

per share from October through December 2021, and in December 2021, the Board authorized the continuance of the monthly dividend of per share from January through March 2022, at which time it will be considered for continuation by the Board. Payment of cash dividends is within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and is dependent on earnings, operations, capital requirements, general financial condition of the Company, and general business conditions. 

million was reclassified from Investment securities to Unrealized (gains) losses on securities, and million was reclassified from Investment securities to Proceeds on sale of securities at fair value. These revisions had no impact on net income or earnings per share and were deemed immaterial. 

55

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure during the two most recent fiscal years. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is: (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (2) accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2021. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that, due to the existence of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below (which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures), the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2021. Based on the completion of fair value remeasurements that led to the amended Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021 (the Restatement ), we believe that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods, presented, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the Company s assessment, management concluded that, due to the material weakness described below (which was not remediated as of June 30, 2021), the Company s management did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. 

In connection with the Restatement, management identified a deficiency in the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal controls that represented a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The deficiency (which had not been remediated as of June 30, 2021) is the result of inadequate design and implementation of internal controls to identify complex investments requiring specialized valuation expertise. Specifically, the Company s controls over valuation procedures did not address valuation methodologies for hybrid financial instruments that led to the Restatement of previously issued financial statements. This material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting continued to exist as of June 30, 2021. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during the fourth quarter ended June 30, 2021, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as the material weakness described above had not yet been identified by management. 

Remediation Plan. Management is in the process of designing and implementing remediation efforts intended to address the material weakness discussed above. These remediation efforts will be focused on amending the Company s valuation procedures to include the use of a binomial lattice model and/or independent pricing service to value these types of complex investments. The valuation procedures are to be reviewed and approved by the Company s Board of Directors. Management, under the supervision of the Audit Committee, will develop a comprehensive remediation plan, including a detailed plan and timetable for implementation, and will report regularly to the Audit Committee regarding the status of the implementation activities. The Company held one hybrid financial instrument as of the date, and for the period, presented, that has been remeasured by an independent pricing service using a binomial lattice model. 

56

Table of Contents 

Inherent Limitation of the Effectiveness of Internal Control. A control system, no matter how well conceived, implemented and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met. Limitations inherent in any control system include the following: 

Judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and control and process breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. 

Controls can be circumvented by individuals, acting alone or in collusion with others, or by management override. 

The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. 

The design of a control system must reflect the fact that resources are constrained, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 

Because of such inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company or any division of a company have been detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

In light of Frank Holmes ownership of 99.80 percent of the class C voting shares, the Company is eligible to rely on the exemption from certain of the NASDAQ corporate governance listing requirements relating to the independence of the Board of Directors and certain committees that is afforded to controlled companies. Under NASDAQ rules, a controlled company is a company of which more than 50 percent of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company. 

57

Table of Contents 

Part III of Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The directors and executive officers of U.S. Global Investors, Inc. U.S. Global or the Company are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Frank E. Holmes 

66 

Director of the Company and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since October 1989, and Chief Investment Officer since June 1999. Since October 1989, Mr. Holmes has served and continues to serve in various positions with the Company and its subsidiaries. Mr. Holmes served as Chairman of the Board of HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd. since August 2017 and has served as Interim Executive Chairman since August 2018. He also served on the board of Thunderbird Entertainment Group Inc. (formerly Thunderbird Entertainment, Inc.) from June 2014 to March 2021. Mr. Holmes served as Chairman of the Board of GoldSpot Discoveries Corp. from February 2019 to May 2020 and as a director from February 2019 to June 2020. Mr. Holmes served as Trustee of U.S. Global Investors Funds from August 1989 to December 2015; Director of Meridian Global Gold Resources Fund Ltd. from December 2003 to November 2017; and Director of Meridian Global Energy Resources Fund Ltd. from April 2006 to November 2017. 

Jerold H. Rubinstein 

83 

Chairman of the Board of Directors since February 2006 and Director of the Company since October 1989. Mr. Rubinstein has served as Director and Chairman of Salton Sea Industries from June 2016 to June 2020. Mr. Rubinstein served as Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of CKE Restaurants from June 2006 to July 2010 and April 2011 to December 2017. He also served as Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Greenwood Hall, Inc. from November 2016 to June 2017 and Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of SpendSmart Payments Co. from October 2013 to April 2016. 

Roy D. Terracina 

75 

Director of the Company since December 1994 and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors since May 1997. Mr. Terracina is the owner of Sunshine Ventures, Inc., a company formed to hold investments, since January 1994 and has served as Chief Executive Officer and Board Chair of the Sonar Company since July 2021. 

Thomas F. Lydon, Jr. 

61 

Director of the Company since June 1997. Mr. Lydon has served as Chairman of the Board and President of Global Trends Investments since April 1996; co-CEO of ETF Flows LLC since February 2019; Independent Trustee of Guggenheim Investments since February 2012; and Independent Director of Harvest Volatility Edge Trust from December 2017 to December 2018. 

Lisa C. Callicotte 

48 

Chief Financial Officer of the Company since 2013. Controller of the Company from July 2009 until July 2013. Since July 2009, Ms. Callicotte has served and continues to serve in various positions with the Company and its subsidiaries. 

None of the directors or executive officers of the Company has a family relationship with any of the other directors or executive officers. 

The members of the Board of Directors are elected for one-year terms or until their successors are elected and qualified. The Board of Directors appoints the executive officers of the Company. 

Director Independence. The Company s Board of Directors is currently composed of four members. The Board of Directors has determined that three of the four members meet the definition of an independent director set forth in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2), with the exception being Frank Holmes, who is the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of the Company. In assessing the independence of directors, the Board of Directors considered the business relationships between the Company and its directors or their affiliated businesses, including businesses owned and operated by family members, other than ordinary investment relationships. Furthermore, the Board of Directors has determined that none of the members of the two standing committees of the Board of Directors in existence during the 2021 fiscal year has any material relationship with the Company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company) and that each such member is independent within the meaning of the independence standards applicable to each such committee. 

58

Table of Contents 

The Board of Directors held four meetings over the past fiscal year. Each incumbent director attended at least 75 percent of the board meetings during the last fiscal year. Directors are encouraged to attend the annual meeting of shareholders. All of the four directors attended the 2020 annual meeting. The standing committees of the Board of Directors currently consist of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. The membership and responsibilities of those committees are described below: 

Independent Directors 

Audit Committee 
			 
			 Compensation Committee 

Roy D. Terracina 
			 
			 Chairman 
			 
			 Member 

Thomas F. Lydon, Jr. 
			 
			 Member 
			 Chairman 

Jerold H. Rubinstein 
			 Member 
			 Member 

Audit Committee . The Company has a separately designated Audit Committee, established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in monitoring the integrity of the financial statements of the Company; the independent auditor s qualifications and independence; the performance of the Company s independent auditors; complaints relating to the Company s accounting, internal accounting controls and audit matters; and the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and audits of the Company s financial statements. The Board of Directors has determined that Director Roy Terracina qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 401(e) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Mr. Terracina s pertinent experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills include: a bachelor s degree and a master s degree in finance, financial experience as a treasurer of a publicly traded company, managerial experience attained as the owner of a company responsible as a major supplier of baked and packaged goods primarily through the Department of Defense, the knowledge and experience he has attained from service on other boards and the knowledge and experience he has attained from his service on U.S. Global s Board of Directors. The Audit Committee met four times during the past fiscal year. Each incumbent committee member attended at least 75 percent of the committee meetings during the last fiscal year. 

Report of the Audit Committee. Management is responsible for U.S. Global s internal controls and financial reporting process. BDO USA, LLP, U.S. Global s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, is responsible for performing an independent audit of U.S. Global s consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and to issue its report thereon. The Audit Committee monitors and oversees these processes. The Audit Committee approves the selection and appointment of U.S. Global s independent registered public accounting firm and recommends the ratification of such selection and appointment to U.S. Global s Board of Directors. 

The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed U.S. Global s audited financial statements with management and BDO USA, LLP. The committee has discussed with BDO USA, LLP the matters required to be discussed by the PCAOB auditing standards which relates to the conduct of our audit, including our auditors judgment about the quality of the accounting principles applied in our fiscal year 2021 audited consolidated financial statements. The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from BDO USA, LLP required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant s communications with the committee concerning independence and has discussed with BDO USA, LLP that firm s independence. 

Based on the foregoing review and discussions and such other matters the Audit Committee considered relevant and appropriate, the committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements of U.S. Global be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Compensation Committee . The Compensation Committee assists the Board of Directors in carrying out its responsibilities with respect to employee qualified benefit plans and employee programs, executive compensation programs, stock option plans and director compensation programs. The Compensation Committee has broad responsibility for assuring that the Company s executive officers, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer, are effectively compensated in terms of salaries, supplemental compensation and benefits that are internally equitable and externally competitive. Additional responsibilities include the review and approval of corporate goals and objectives relevant to the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee reviews all components of compensation, including salaries, cash incentive plans, long-term incentive plans and various employee benefit matters. The Compensation Committee met two times during the past fiscal year. Each incumbent committee member attended at least 75 percent of the committee meetings during the last fiscal year. 

Nomination of Directors. Although the Company does not have a standing nominating committee, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines effectively provide guidance on selection and nomination process whenever a vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors. Due to the longevity of service of the current Board of Directors, those Directors have not participated in consideration of director nominees. 

59

Table of Contents 

The Company believes generally that its Board of Directors as a whole should encompass a range of talent and expertise enabling it to provide sound guidance with respect to the Company s operations and interests. Whenever a vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors, the board members are responsible for identifying one or more candidates to fill that vacancy, investigating each candidate and evaluating their suitability for service on the board. The following attributes or qualifications will be considered by the Board of Directors in evaluating a person s candidacy: 

Management and leadership experience; 

Skilled and diverse background; and 

Integrity and professionalism. 

The board members are authorized to use any methods it deems appropriate for identifying candidates for board membership. In addition, candidates recommended by the Company s stockholders are considered in the same manner as other candidates. 

The Company s policy is to have at least a majority of directors qualify as independent under the NASDAQ Listing Rules and the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available at the Company s website at www.usfunds.com. 

Director Interaction with Stockholders. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide the process by which stockholders and other interested parties may contact the non-management members of the Board. These guidelines are contained on the Company s website under About Us, followed by Investor Relations. 

Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers that applies to the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer. This code charges these individuals with responsibilities regarding honest and ethical conduct, the preparation and quality of the disclosures in documents and reports the Company files with the SEC, and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. 

60

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Overview 

The following section provides a discussion and analysis of the basis for the compensation awarded to the CEO and the CFO, Named Executive Officers or NEOs ), as well as our directors in fiscal year 2021. We provide investment advisory and other services to our clients. Our long-term success depends on our ability to provide superior investment returns and outstanding client service. As such, one of our greatest assets is the collective skill, experience and efforts of our employees. To achieve success, we must be able to attract, retain and motivate professionals within all levels of our Company who are committed to our core values. 

We place great significance on our values of performance, teamwork, initiative, responsiveness, focused work ethic, and intellectual curiosity. We believe that adherence to these core values will contribute to the long-term success of the Company and our shareholders. 

We compete for talent with a large number of investment management and financial services companies, many of which have significantly larger market capitalization than we do. Our relatively small size within the industry, geographic location, and lean executive management team provide unique challenges. 

Setting Executive Compensation 

The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the CEO, Frank Holmes; evaluating the CEO s performance in light of those goals and objectives; and determining and approving the CEO s compensation level based on this evaluation. In addition, the committee is responsible for reviewing and approving compensation recommended by Mr. Holmes for our other executive officers. The Board of Directors appointed Messrs. Lydon, Terracina, and Rubinstein as members of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Lydon serves as the chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has a charter that is available for review on our website at www.usfunds.com by clicking About Us, followed by Investor Relations, then Policies and Procedures. 

The individuals listed below are the CEO and CFO, who are the only NEOs for fiscal year 2021. 

Name 

Title 

Frank E. Holmes 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer 

Lisa C. Callicotte 

Chief Financial Officer 

In establishing total annual compensation for Mr. Holmes, the Compensation Committee considers a number of factors. For assistance in determining the appropriate factors to consider, the Compensation Committee consulted in 2005 with Moss Adams LLP, an executive compensation consulting firm. Importantly, the Compensation Committee considers the various functions Mr. Holmes assumes, including the dual role of CEO and Chief Investment Officer CIO ). In addition, the Compensation Committee considers various measures of company performance, including profitability and total shareholder return. The Compensation Committee also reviews Mr. Holmes performance in managing our corporate investments, in overseeing the management of our client portfolios and the results of our operational earnings. 

In addition to his base salary, Mr. Holmes receives a bonus based on operational earnings, which are substantially derived from assets under management, based on a percentage of operational earnings, and capped at a predetermined dollar amount, as computed for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP (before consideration of this fee). 

Mr. Holmes also receives a bonus when our investment team meets their performance goals. The bonus is based on calculated fund performance bonuses of the investment team and is in recognition of Mr. Holmes creation and oversight of the investment processes and strategy. 

61

Table of Contents 

The committee has delegated to Mr. Holmes the responsibility for reviewing the performance of, and recommending the compensation levels for, our other NEOs. The committee does not use rigid formulas with respect to the compensation of NEOs. Mr. Holmes makes a recommendation based on the achievement of qualitative goals that apply to all employees, quantitative goals that apply to an executive officer s specific job responsibilities and other accomplishments, such as expansion in functional responsibility. In forming his recommendations, Mr. Holmes also considers the responsibilities and workload of the executive officer; the explicit and tacit knowledge required to perform these responsibilities, including any professional designations; the profitability of the company; and the cost of living in San Antonio, Texas. 

Objectives 

Our executive compensation programs are designed to: 

attract and retain key executives, 

align executive performance with our long-term interests and those of our shareholders, and 

link executive pay with performance. 

Elements of Executive Compensation 

The committee reviews and approves all components of executive officer compensation. The principal elements of executive compensation, other than Mr. Holmes, are: 

base salary, 

performance-based cash and stock bonuses, 

long-term incentive awards, and 

other compensation and benefits. 

Base Salary 

Base salaries for NEOs are reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee. Generally, the salaries of NEOs are occasionally adjusted to recognize expansion of an individual s role, outstanding and sustained performance, or to bring the officer s pay into alignment with the market. We did not use any benchmarking studies in fiscal year 2021 to obtain market information. In addition, the Compensation Committee did not consider the equity ownership of the Company by Mr. Holmes when setting his compensation. Nor did the committee aim for a specific relationship between Mr. Holmes and the other executive officers. Base salaries paid to NEOs during the fiscal year are shown in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Performance-Based Cash Bonuses 

Executive officers, except Mr. Holmes, participate in a team performance pay program based on each employee s annual salary to recognize monthly completion of departmental goals. Additionally, key executive officers are compensated based on individual performance pay arrangements. Discretionary cash bonuses are awarded from time to time for such things as completion of critical projects or outstanding performance. 

Mr. Holmes considered a matrix of factors in reviewing the performance of, and compensation for, the CFO, Ms. Lisa Callicotte. Mr. Holmes considered such things as responsibilities, productivity, results of the Company s actual versus targeted goals, hours of work, profitability of the Company, timely and accurate financial regulatory filings, unqualified audit results and the cost of living in San Antonio. Occasionally, Ms. Callicotte receives discretionary bonuses for the completion of projects. 

Long-Term Incentive Awards 

Long-term incentive awards include stock options and restricted shares. We have utilized option grants to induce qualified individuals to join us, thereby providing the individual with an opportunity to benefit if we have significant growth. Similarly, options have been utilized to reward existing employees, including NEOs, for long and faithful service and to encourage them to stay with us. The Company has no written policy for allocating between cash and equity, or current and long-term compensation for the CEO and other NEOs. The Compensation Committee administers the stock option plans. 

62

Table of Contents 

Stock Option Plans 

In November 1989, the Board of Directors adopted the 1989 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 1989 Plan which provides for the granting of options to purchase shares of our class A common stock to directors, officers, and employees. On December 6, 1991, shareholders approved and amended the 1989 Plan to provide provisions to cause the plan and future grants under the plan to qualify under 1934 Act Rule 16b-3. The 1989 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee consisting of three outside members of the Board of Directors. The maximum number of shares of class A common stock initially approved for issuance under the 1989 Plan is 1,600,000 shares. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, 231,000 stock options were granted under this plan. As of June 30, 2021, under this amended plan, 1,964,400 options had been granted, 883,000 options had been exercised, 850,400 options had expired, 231,000 remained outstanding and 486,000 options are available for grant. 

In April 1997, the Board of Directors adopted the 1997 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 1997 Plan ), which shareholders approved on April 25, 1997. It provides for the granting of stock appreciation rights SARs and/or options to purchase shares of our class A common stock to directors, officers and employees. The 1997 Plan expressly requires that all grants under the plan qualify under 1934 Act Rule 16b-3. The 1997 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee consisting of three outside members of the Board of Directors. The maximum number of shares of class A common stock initially approved for issuance under the 1997 Plan is 400,000 shares. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, no stock options were granted under this plan. As of June 30, 2021, 583,300 options had been granted; 257,000 shares had been exercised; 324,300 options had expired; 2,000 options remained outstanding; and 141,000 options are available for grant. 

2010 Stock Incentive Plan 

In October 2010, at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the class C shareholders voted to adopt the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. The Plan was amended in May 2020. The 2010 Stock Incentive Plan is intended to promote the interests of the Company by providing eligible persons in the Company s service with the opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest, or otherwise increase their proprietary interest, in the Company to align such persons interests with those of the Company s shareholders and as an incentive for them to remain in such service. During fiscal year 2021, 1,600 shares were awarded as stock bonuses to NEOs. This plan expired in October 2020. 

Assessment of Risk 

By design, the Company s compensation program for all employees, including executive officers, does not incentivize excessive risk-taking. The Company s base salary component of compensation does not encourage risk-taking because it is a fixed amount. Generally, incentive awards have the following risk-limiting characteristics: 

Awards are made based on a review of a variety of indicators of performance, thus diversifying the risk associated with any single indicator of performance; 

All participants, including executive officers, in the Employee Stock Purchase Plan are subject to stock ownership and holding guidelines. 

Other Compensation and Benefits 

Health, Welfare and Retirement Benefits 

Health, welfare, and retirement benefits are designed to provide a safety net of protection for employees in the event of illness, disability, or death, and to provide employees an opportunity to accumulate retirement savings. 

We offer a range of health and welfare benefits to substantially all employees, including the NEOs. These benefits include medical, dental, vision, prescription drug, short-term disability, long-term disability, group life and accidental death insurance, and tuition reimbursement. 

63

Table of Contents 

401(k) Plan 

We offer a 401(k) plan covering substantially all employees, including NEOs. Participants may contribute a portion of their base salary and cash incentive compensation, up to a limit imposed by the Internal Revenue Code, which is 19,500 in calendar year 2021. An additional catch-up pretax contribution of up to 6,500 is allowed for employees over 50. We automatically match 100 percent of the first 3 percent of participating employees contributions and 50 percent of the next 2 percent of participating employees contributions. We contribute to participants accounts at the same time that the employee s pay deferral is made. Employees are immediately vested in both their 401(k) salary deferral contribution and the matched contributions. Participants in our 401(k) plan may contribute to Roth and/or traditional 401(k) accounts. 

Profit Sharing 

The 401(k) plan allows for us to make a discretionary profit sharing contribution, as authorized by the Board of Directors. Factors that are considered by the Board of Directors include earnings, cash flows, capital requirements and the general financial condition of the Company. No specific performance thresholds or goals are required by the board to authorize a profit sharing contribution. The Company made a profit sharing contribution of 80,000 in fiscal year 2021. No profit sharing contribution was made in fiscal year 2020. 

Savings Plans 

We also have a program pursuant to which we offer employees an opportunity to participate in savings programs using mutual funds managed by us. Employee contributions to an Individual Retirement Account are matched to a maximum of 100 per month for certain management-level employees, including NEOs, and a maximum of 30 for all other employees. A similar savings plan utilizing Uniform Gifts to Minors Act UGMA accounts is offered to all employees to save for minor relatives and is matched at a maximum of 15 per month per child. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

We also have a program whereby eligible employees can purchase treasury shares, at market price. During fiscal years 2021 and 2020, employees purchased 2,330 and 1,648 shares of treasury stock from us, respectively. The purchase price used is the closing stock price on the last business day of each month. All participants, including executive officers, in the Employee Stock Purchase Plan are subject to stock ownership and holding guidelines. We do not restrict the ability of our employees or directors to hedge their position in our shares. In addition, neither the board nor NEOs are required to own or purchase a certain number of shares. 

The Summary Compensation Table includes the matched contributions to the plans described above for each NEO. 

Perquisites and Other Benefits 

We provide certain perquisites that the committee believes are reasonable and consistent with our overall compensation program to a limited number of officers. The perquisites consist of such things as memberships for business entertainment purposes and policies for long-term disability and life insurance. The Summary Compensation Table shows the value of perquisites provided to NEOs in fiscal year 2021 in the All Other Compensation column. 

Employment Agreements, Termination and Change-in Control Arrangements 

We do not have any employment agreements, termination agreements, or change-in control agreements with any of our executive officers. 

Compliance with Section 162(m) 

As amended by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017, Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code generally disallows a tax deduction to public corporations for compensation greater than 1 million paid during any fiscal year to our CEO, CFO and our three other most highly compensated executive officers. 

64

Table of Contents 

Compensation of Named Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, the compensation reportable for the NEOs, as determined by SEC rules. Columns were omitted if they were not applicable. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal 

			 Position 

Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock Awards 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

All Other 

			 Compensation 

Total 

) 

) 

) 1 

) 2 

) 3 

) 

) 

(dollars in thousands) 

Frank E. Holmes 

Chief Executive Officer 

2020 

422 

4 

- 

- 

34 

91 

551 

Chief Investment Officer 

2021 

422 

98 

2 

168 

3,110 

196 4 

3,996 

Lisa C. Callicotte 

Chief Financial Officer 

2020 

141 

35 

- 

- 

- 

11 

187 

2021 

155 

69 

2 

168 

- 

555 

449 

1. 

Amounts shown represent expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements for 1,600 shares awarded as stock bonuses granted to officers in fiscal year 2021. 

2. 

Amounts shown represent options awarded June 21, 2021. See discussion of assumptions made for options valuation in Note 12, Shareholders Equity. 

3. 

Amounts consist of cash incentive compensation awards earned for services. The amounts were paid pursuant to the senior executive bonus programs. 

4. 

Represents amounts paid by us on behalf of or to Mr. Holmes as follows: (i) 83 in paid time off payout, (ii) 61 in insurance, (iii) 16 in matched contributions, (iv) 13 in profit sharing, (v) 10 in memberships, and (vi) 13 in miscellaneous items. 

5. 

Represents amounts paid by us on behalf of or to Ms. Callicotte as follows: (i) 31 in paid time off payout, (ii) 13 in matched contributions, (iii) 8 in profit sharing, and (iv) 3 in miscellaneous items. 

Outstanding equity awards as of June 30, 2021, for the named executive officers are detailed in the table below. Columns were omitted if they were not applicable. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Option Awards 

Name 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options - Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options - Unexercisable 

Option Exercise Price ) 

Option Expiration Date 

Frank E. Holmes 

- 

50,000 

6.05 

06/21/31 

Lisa C. Callicotte 

2,000 

- 

2.74 

03/21/28 

Lisa C. Callicotte 

- 

50,000 

6.05 

06/21/31 

The Pension Benefits, Nonqualified Deferred Compensation, and Option Exercises and Stock Vested Tables were omitted because they were not applicable. 

65

Table of Contents 

Compensation of Directors 

The compensation of directors is subject to a minimum of 6,000 in any quarter. Directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel expenses incurred in attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors. Mr. Rubinstein serves as the Chairman of the Board. Until September 2020, the Company granted each director 100 shares of stock per month and in October 2020 the Company granted each director 800 shares of stock. We may grant non-employee directors options under our 1989 and 1997 Stock Option Plans, and stock bonuses. During the 2021 fiscal year, the Company granted Mr. Rubinstein and Mr. Terracina 25,000 options and Mr. Lydon 50,000 options. Director compensation for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, is detailed in the table below. Columns that were not applicable were omitted. 

Director Compensation 

Name 

Fees Earned or 

			 Paid in Cash 1 

Stock 

			 Awards 2 

Option 

			 Awards 3 

Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Jerold H. Rubinstein 

172 

3 

84 

259 

Roy D. Terracina 

117 

3 

84 

204 

Thomas F. Lydon, Jr. 

55 

3 

168 

226 

1. 

The difference in fees earned was primarily due to Mr. Rubinstein and Mr. Terracina receiving cash bonus and option awards while Mr. Lydon received only option awards and Mr. Rubinstein receiving an additional amount per month for added responsibilities as chairman. 

2. 

Amounts shown represent expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements for stock awards granted to non-employee directors in fiscal year 2021. 

3. 

Amounts shown represent options awarded June 21, 2021. See discussion of assumptions made for options valuation in Note 12, Shareholders Equity. 

66

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

Class C Common Stock (Voting Stock) 

On November 29, 2021, there were 2,068,635 shares of the Company s class C common stock outstanding. The following table sets forth, as of such date, information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s class C common stock by each person known by the Company to own 5 percent or more of the outstanding shares of class C common stock. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Class C 

			 Common Shares 

			 Beneficially Owned 

Percent of Class ) 

Frank Holmes 

2,064,560 

99.80 

7900 Callaghan Road 

San Antonio, TX 78229 

Class A Common Stock (Nonvoting Stock) 

On November 29, 2021, there were 12,952,861 shares of the Company s class A common stock issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth, as of such date, information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s class A common stock by each person known by the Company to own 5 percent or more of the outstanding shares of class A common stock. 

Beneficial Owner 

Class C 

			 Common Stock 

Class A 

			 Common Stock 

Number of Shares 

Number of Shares 

Frank E. Holmes, CEO, Director 

2,064,560 

99.80 

505,100 

3.90 

Lisa C. Callicotte, CFO 

- 

- 

20,864 

0.16 

Jerold H. Rubinstein, Director 

- 

- 

2,800 

0.02 

Roy D. Terracina, Director 

- 

- 

63,800 

0.49 

Thomas F. Lydon, Jr., Director 

- 

- 

17,500 

0.14 

All directors and executive officers as a group (five persons) 

2,064,560 

99.80 

610,064 

4.71 

Security Ownership of Management 

The following table sets forth, as of November 29, 2021, information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s class A and class C common stock by each director and named executive officer and by all directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated in the notes below, each person owns directly the number of shares indicated in the table and has sole voting power and investment power with respect to all such shares. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Class A 

			 Common Shares 

			 Beneficially Owned 

Percent of Class ) 

Vanguard Group, Inc. Valley Forge, PA 1 

653,945 

5.05 

1. 

Information is from Schedule 13F as of September 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021. 

67

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Plan Category 

(a) 

(b) 

(c 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

N/A 
			 
			 N/A 
			 
			 N/A 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

1989 Stock Option Plan 1 

231,000 
			 
			 6.05 
			 
			 486,000 

1997 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 2 

2,000 
			 
			 2.74 
			 
			 141,000 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 3 

N/A 
			 
			 N/A 
			 
			 112,969 

2010 Stock Incentive Plan 4 

N/A 
			 
			 N/A 
			 
			 - 

Total 

233,000 

739,969 

1. 

Stock options under this plan may be granted to directors, officers, and employees of the Company from authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. 

2. 

Stock options under this plan may be granted to directors, executives, and key salaried employees of the Company from authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. The term of the option periods must be less than ten years. 

3. 

The Company has adopted a stock purchase plan to provide eligible employees of the Company an opportunity to purchase common stock of the Company. There are authorized shares of treasury stock reserved for issuance under the plan for which a registration statement has not been filed. 

4. 

The Company adopted a stock incentive plan to provide eligible persons in the Company s service an opportunity to acquire common stock of the Company. There were authorized shares of treasury stock reserved for issuance under the plan for which a registration statement has not been filed. This plan expired in October 2020. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

See Note 17, Related Party Transactions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which incorporates the information of the relationships and related transaction for this Item 13. Refer to Item 10 for information regarding director independence. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following table represents fees for professional audit services for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively, rendered by BDO USA, LLP. 

Fiscal year ended June 30, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Audit fees 1 

317 

220 

Audit-related fees 2 

- 

- 

Tax fees 3 

74 

78 

Total fees 

391 

298 

1. 

Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

2. 

Audit-related fees consist primarily of fees for assurance and related services by the accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements. 

3. 

Tax fees include the preparation of federal tax returns as well as tax planning and consultation on new tax legislation, regulations, rulings, and developments. 

68

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

The Audit Committee has established pre-approval policies pursuant to which all audit and auditor-provided non-audit engagement fees and terms must be approved. Pre-approval is generally provided and is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The Audit Committee is also responsible for considering, to the extent applicable, whether the independent auditors provision of other non-audit services to the Company is compatible with maintaining the independence of the independent auditors. 

All services provided by BDO USA, LLP in the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

69

Table of Contents 

Part IV of Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1. Financial Statements 

See Item 8 of Part II of this report. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

3. Exhibits 

3.1 

Fourth Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of Company, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007 (EDGAR Accession Number 000095134-07-010817) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.02 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2006, (EDGAR Accession Number 0000754811-06-000076) 

4.1 

Description of Capital Stock, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019 (Edgar Accession No. 0001185185-19-001226) 

10.1 

Advisory Agreement with U.S. Global Investors Funds, dated October 1, 2008, incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment 100 filed October 1, 2008 (EDGAR Accession No. 0000950134-08-017422) 

10.2 

Distribution Agreement dated December 10, 2015, by and between U.S. Global Investors Funds and Foreside Fund Services, LLC, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed February 12, 2016 (EDGAR Accession No. 0001185185-16-003686) 

10.3 

Novation to the Distribution Agreement dated December 10, 2015, by and between U.S. Global Investors Funds and Foreside Fund Services, LLC, incorporated by reference to U.S. Global Investors Funds, Post-Effective Amendment No. 127, filed April 28, 2017 (EDGAR Accession No. 0001398344-17-005412) 

10.4 

Distribution Services Agreement dated December 10, 2015, by and between U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and Foreside Fund Services, LLC, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed February 12, 2016 (EDGAR Accession No. 0001185185-16-003686) 

10.5 

Amended and Restated Administrative Services Agreement dated December 9, 2015, by and between U.S. Global Investors Funds and U.S. Global Investors, Inc., incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed February 12, 2016 (EDGAR Accession No. 0001185185-16-003686) 

10.6 

Distribution Plan Pursuant to Rule 12b-1 adopted December 9, 2015 by the Board of Trustees of U.S. Global Investors Funds, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed February 12, 2016 (EDGAR Accession No. 0001185185-16-003686) 

10.7 

United Services Advisors, Inc. 1989 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) of the Company s Registration Statement No. 33-3012, Post-Effective Amendment No. 2, filed on Form S-8 with the Commission on April 23, 1997 (EDGAR Accession No. 0000754811-97-000004) 

10.8 

U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 1997 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-25699 filed on Form S-8 with the Commission on April 23, 1997 (EDGAR Accession No. 0000754811-97-000003) 

70

Table of Contents 

10.9 

2010 Stock Incentive Plan, amended May 26, 2020, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2020 (EDGAR Accession No. 0001185185-20-000741) 

10.10 

(A) Advisory Agreement with ETF Series Solutions dated February 19, 2015, incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment 53 filed April 22, 2015 (EDGAR Accession No. 0000894189-15-001923) 

(B) Amended Schedule A to Advisory Agreement with ETF Series Solutions, incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment 210 filed June 8, 2017 (EDGAR Accession No. 0000894189-17-003025) 

14.01 

Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers, adopted December 15, 2003, and amended February 17, 2016, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed on May 12, 2016 (EDGAR Accession No. 0001185185-16-004512) 

14.02 

Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 (EDGAR Accession No. 0001185185-20-000164) 

21 

List of Subsidiaries of the Company, included herein. 

23.1 

BDO USA, LLP consent of independent registered public accounting firm for Form 10-K for U.S. Global Investors, Inc., included herein. 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications (under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), included herein. 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certifications (under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), included herein. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
			 
			 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

71

Table of Contents 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

By: /s/ Frank E. Holmes 

Frank E. Holmes 

Date: December 8, 2021 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Capacity in which signed 

Date 

/s/ Frank E. Holmes 

Frank E. Holmes 

Chief Executive Officer 

			 Chief Investment Officer 

			 Director 

December 8, 2021 

/s/ Thomas F. Lydon, Jr. 

Thomas F. Lydon, Jr. 

Director 

December 8, 2021 

/s/ Jerold H. Rubinstein 

Jerold H. Rubinstein 

Chairman, Board of Directors 

December 8, 2021 

/s/ Roy D. Terracina 

Roy D. Terracina 

Director 

December 8, 2021 

/s/ Lisa C. Callicotte 

Lisa C. Callicotte 

Chief Financial Officer 

December 8, 2021 

72

<EX-21>
 2
 ex_314126.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_314126.htm 

Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of the Company, Jurisdiction of Incorporation, and Percentage of Ownership 

1. 

U.S. Global Investors (Bermuda) Ltd. - incorporated in Bermuda and wholly owned by the Company 

2. 

U.S. Global Investors (Canada) Ltd. incorporated in Canada and wholly owned by the Company 

3. 

U.S. Global Indices, LLC incorporated in Texas and wholly owned by the Company 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_314127.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_314127.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

U.S. Global Investors, Inc. 

 San Antonio, Texas 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-158182, 333-158926, 333-25699 and 033-33012) of U.S. Global Investors, Inc., of our report dated December 8, 2021, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

 BDO USA, LLP 

 Dallas, Texas 

 December 8, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_314128.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_314128.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 Rule 13a 14(a) Certifications 

 (under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Frank E. Holmes, the principal executive officer of U.S. Global Investors, Inc., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of U.S. Global Investors, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 8, 2021 

			 /s/ Frank E. Holmes 
			Frank E. Holmes 
			Chief Executive Officer 

Rule 13a 14(a) Certifications 

 (under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Lisa C. Callicotte, the principal financial officer of U.S. Global Investors, Inc., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of U.S. Global Investors, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 8, 2021 

			 /s/ Lisa C. Callicotte 
			Lisa C. Callicotte 
			Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex_314129.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_314129.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 

 (under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Frank E. Holmes, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 8, 2021 

			 /s/ Frank E. Holmes 
			Frank E. Holmes 
			Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of the written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and will be retained by U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Section 1350 Certifications 

 (under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Lisa C. Callicotte, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 8, 2021 

			 /s/ Lisa C. Callicotte 
			Lisa C. Callicotte 
			Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of the written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and will be retained by U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 grow-20210630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 grow-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 grow-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 grow-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 grow-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

