<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211027_10-K_edgar_data_1773086_0001104659-21-130537.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5510382</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231120</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>884190</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1663581</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1154213</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1469180</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-21-130537.hdr.sgml : 20211027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211027172216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-21-130537
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yunhong International
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001773086
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39226
		FILM NUMBER:		211354003

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19/F DECHENG CENTER 124 ZHONGBEI ROAD
		CITY:			WUHAN-HUBEI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			430000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 180 8643 3333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19/F DECHENG CENTER 124 ZHONGBEI ROAD
		CITY:			WUHAN-HUBEI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			430000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Yunhong Holdings Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-21-130537.txt : 20211027

10-K
 1
 zgyhu-20210630x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: + Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of December 31, 2020, the aggregate market value of the units outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the units on December 31, 2020, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was . As of October 27, 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.001 par value per share, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.001 par value per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 17 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item 2. Properties 18 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 18 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 18 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 19 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 19 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 23 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 23 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 23 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 23 Item 9B. Other Information 24 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 24 Item 11. Executive Compensation 29 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 30 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 31 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 32 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 33 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 70 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our memorandum and articles of association to be in effect upon completion of our initial public offering; Companies Law are to the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per share, held by our initial shareholders and, unless the context otherwise requires, the term also includes our Class A ordinary shares issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein; initial shareholders are the holders of our founder shares sold prior to our initial public offering; letter agreement refers to the letter agreement by and among our company, our sponsor and our officers and directors; management or our management team are to our officers and directors; ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; private placement rights are to the rights included in the private placement units being purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; private placement shares are to the Class A ordinary shares included in the private placement units being purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; private placement units are to the units issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; private placement warrants are to the warrants included within the private placement units being purchased separately by our sponsor in the private placement; public rights are to the rights sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in our initial public offering or in the open market); public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares; public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per share, offered as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in our initial public offering or in the open market); rights are to our rights, which include the public rights as well as the private placement rights to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement rights or their permitted transferees; sponsor are to LF International Pte. Ltd., a Republic of Singapore limited company; our Chairman is the sole director of our sponsor; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which include the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and we, us, company, Yunhong or our company are to Yunhong International, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about: our ability to complete our initial business combination; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; risks associated with acquiring an operating company or business in the consumer goods, healthcare and pharmaceutical, and E-commerce industries; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or our financial performance following our initial public offering. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in the section of this report entitled Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Part I Item 1. Business We are an early stage blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands company incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability. We chose to incorporate in the Cayman Islands due to (i) its tax-neutrality, which allows international transactions to be structured efficiently without an additional layer of tax and (ii) simplicity of establishment and flexibility of administration, including easy migration to another jurisdiction, the existence of statutory procedures for merger or consolidation, and no takeover code or bespoke public company filing requirements. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a target business. Business Combination On May 14, 2021, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement ), with Giga Carbon Neutrality Inc. (f/k/a Giga Energy Inc.), a corporation formed under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada GCN ), each of GCN s shareholders named therein (collectively, the Sellers ), LF International Pte. Ltd., a Republic of Singapore company, in the capacity as the representative from and after the closing of the Transactions (as defined below) for Yunhong s shareholders other than the Sellers, and Yang Lan, in the capacity as the representative for the Sellers thereunder. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, we will effect an acquisition of GCN, by acquiring from the Sellers all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of GCN in exchange for newly issued ordinary shares of our Company (together with the other transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement, the Transactions ). On September 8, 2021, we received a written notice (the Termination Notice from GCN terminating the Share Exchange Agreement, effective as of the date of the Termination Notice, because the Business Combination was not consummated by July 30, 2021, the outside date pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement. Business Strategies We have sought and will continue to seek to capitalize on the strength of our management team. Our team consists of experienced financial services and accounting professionals and senior operating executives of companies worldwide. Collectively, our officers and directors have decades of experience in mergers and acquisitions and operating companies. We believe we benefit from their accomplishments, and specifically, their current activities, in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. However, there is no assurance that we will complete a business combination with any target. Our officers and directors have no prior experience consummating a business combination for a blank check company. We believe that we will add value to these businesses primarily by providing them with access to the U.S. capital markets. There is no restriction in the geographic location of targets we can pursue, although we intend to initially prioritize Asia (excluding China) as the geographical focus. We believe that there is a large pool of quality companies looking for exit opportunities with an increasing number of PE and VC activities in Asia, which provides us opportunities given the limited exit options for mid-market companies in Asia. Also, we believe that the consumer goods, healthcare and pharmaceutical, and E-commerce industries in Asia 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 represent a particularly attractive deal sourcing environment that allows us to leverage our team s skill sets and experience to identify a business combination which can potentially serve as a strong platform for future add-on acquisitions. Acquisition Criteria Our management team focuses on creating shareholder value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation and financing of businesses to improve the efficiency of operations while implementing strategies to scale revenue organically and/or through acquisitions. We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we have used these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we see justification to do so. (1) Valuation and Industry: Target businesses of total enterprise value from 150 to 450 million in the consumer/lifestyle sector which are strategically significant to Asia, and who could benefit from our industry networks and expertise. (2) Businesses with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. (3) Businesses with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We intend to focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance shareholder value. (4) Benefit from Being a Public Company. We intend to only acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and which can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. This criteria does not intend to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our sponsor and management team may deem relevant. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to encounter, intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, venture capital, funds leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights, and our outstanding warrants, rights and unit purchase options and the potential future dilution they represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Our Investment Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We also utilize our operational and capital planning experience. Due to the relationships among our sponsor, management team and their respective affiliates, we believe that we have the capacity to appropriately source opportunities, and to conduct critical business, financial and other analyses of prospective target businesses ourselves, and accordingly, relative to other blank check companies, we believe we have less reliance on unaffiliated third parties to provide such key elements of the investment process. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets We believe that the operational and transactional experience of our management team and their respective affiliates, and the relationships they have developed as a result of such experience, provides us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. These individuals and entities have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts and relationships provide us important sources of investment opportunities. In addition, target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. Our acquisition criteria, due diligence processes and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board of Directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. All of our officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Other Acquisition Considerations Members of our management team directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or private placement units, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval). Initial Business Combination NASDAQ rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. We initially had until February 18, 2021 to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within such time frame, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to three times, each by an additional three months (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time). On February 10, 2021, May 13, 2021, and August 15, 2021, the period of time for us to consummate an initial business combination was extended, each time for an additional three-month period, ending on May 18, 2021, August 18, 2021, and November 18, 2021, respectively. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company during our initial public offering, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, GCN deposited into the trust account 690,000 0.10 per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or an aggregate of 2,070,000, or 0.30 per share). The deposits were each funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. All three notes are repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of our Company or its successor entity at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be approximately 10.30 per public share, without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may have a negative view of us since we are a blank check company, without an operating history, and there is uncertainty relating to our ability to obtain shareholder approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our trust account in connection therewith. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior December 31, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination in the amount of 67,994,613, as of June 30, 2021 (assuming no redemptions and after payment of 2,415,000 of deferred underwriting fees), before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement units, our shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may, although we do not currently intend to, seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, start-up companies or companies with speculative business plans or excess leverage, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination NASDAQ rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our Board of Directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. Our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors, which has significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management has virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we are not permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of business diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Under the NASDAQ s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering); any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. Permitted purchases of our securities In the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase our Class A ordinary shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our Class A ordinary shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We have adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing our ordinary shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase Class A ordinary shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such Class A ordinary shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase our shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of our ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account, as of June 30, 2021, was 70,409,613. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under NASDAQ rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, we are required to comply with NASDAQ rules. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NASDAQ listing or Exchange Act registration. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own at least 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek shareholder approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than 15 of the shares hold in the initial public offering (the Excess Shares ). We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering our purchased thereafter through open market purchases, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors have, pursuant to a letter agreement entered into with us and waived their right to have any founder shares or public shares held by them redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through a permitted transfer from an initial shareholder, and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement, no such affiliate is subject to this waiver. However, to the extent any such affiliate acquires public shares in our initial public offering or thereafter through open market purchases, it would be a public shareholder and restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any Excess Shares. Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights We may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the shareholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval). The Company plans to hold a special meeting of the shareholders to extend the time period it has to complete a Business Combination (the Extended Date beyond November 18, 2021. Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have until November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval) to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our public warrants, public rights, private placement warrants or private placement rights, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval). However, if our sponsor acquires public shares after our initial public offering, it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval) or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares. We expect to use the amounts held outside the trust account 256 as of June 30, 2021) to pay for all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, if we do not complete an initial business combination by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval), although we cannot assure you that there will be 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 sufficient funds for such purpose. To cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.30. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.30. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share initially or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.30 per share. We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor has to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to use the amounts held outside the trust account 256 as of June 30, 2021) to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 currently estimated to be no more than approximately 50,000) but these amounts may be spent on expenses incurred as a result of being a public company or due diligence expenses on prospective business combination candidates. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.30 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval), subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that: prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) in each case subject to the limitations described herein; we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination; if our initial business combination is not consummated by November 18, 2021 (which may be extended), then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the ordinary shares voted by our shareholders at a duly held shareholders meeting. Conflicts of Interest Each of our officers and directors presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. Indemnity Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Employees We have two (2) officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any other members of our management team devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares, warrants and rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, U.S. GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior December 31, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Annual Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on our company and our operations: we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 
 we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting redemption; we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 the availability to use of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; We may be subject to the unique risks inherent in the industry if we pursue business combinations with companies in the sports, media and data analytics sectors, including professional sports franchises; and 
 Our ability to consummate an initial business combination may be adversely impacted by the recent COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases). 
 For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our registration statement, as amended, our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the period ended June 30, 2020, as amended, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 4 19/F, 126 Zhong Bei, Wuchang District, Wuhan, China, 430061. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings To the knowledge of our management, there is not litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares, warrants and rights are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols ZGYHU, ZGYH, ZGYHW, and ZGYHR respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 13, 2020 and our Class A ordinary shares, warrants and rights commenced public trading on April 3, 2020. (b) Holders On October 27, 2021, there was one holder of record of our units, two holders of record of our class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our warrants and one holder of record of our rights. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to the company having funds lawfully available for distribution at such time. In addition, our Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. (f) Purchase of Equity Securities by Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Not applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements under this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used in this Annual Report, words such may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Annual Report. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial business combination, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, and after the initial public offering, identifying a target company for a business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a business combination. For the year ended June 30, 2021, we had a net loss of 1,831,075, which consists of general and administrative expenses of 780,432 and a change in fair value of warrants of 1,071,323, offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 20,680. For the year ended June 30, 2020, we had a net loss of 99,861, which consists of general and administrative expenses of 309,004, transaction costs associated allocated to warrant liabilities of 89,670, and a realized loss on marketable securities held in our trust account of 708,023, offset by the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 786,555, interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 220,239 and interest earned of 42. Liquidity and Capital Resources On February 18, 2020, we consummated the initial public offering of 6,000,000 Units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 232,500 private placement units to the sponsor at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,325,000. On February 24, 2020, in connection with the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional 900,000 units at 10.00 per unit and the sale of an additional 18,000 private placement units at 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 9,180,000. Following our initial public offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the private placement units, a total of 69,000,000 was placed in the trust account. We incurred 4,330,715 in transaction costs, including 1,380,000 of underwriting fees, 2,415,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 535,715 of other offering costs. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 For the year ended June 30, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 558,841. Net loss of 1,831,075 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 20,680, fees charged to trust account of 48,575, change in fair value of warrants of 1,071,323 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 173,016 of cash from operating activities. For the year ended June 30, 2020, cash used in operating activities was 233,712. Net loss of 99,861 was impacted by the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 786,555, transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities of 89,670, interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 220,239, a realized loss on marketable securities held in our trust account of 708,023, fees charged to trust account of 19,708, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 55,542 of cash from operating activities. As of June 30, 2021, we had cash and marketable securities of 70,409,613 held in the trust account. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our ordinary shares or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of June 30, 2021, we had cash of 256 outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. On February 10, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a Business Combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on May 18, 2021, and, accordingly, 690,000 was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. On May 13, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a business combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on August 18, 2021, and, accordingly, 690,000 was deposited into the trust account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. On August 15, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a business combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on November 18, 2021, and, accordingly, 690,000 was deposited into the trust account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. During the preparation of the quarterly report for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, we determined that American Stock Transfer Trust Company LLC, as the trustee, and Morgan Stanley, as custodian, had not invested the trust account funds in accordance with the trust agreement. Thereafter, we immediately took steps to liquidate such investments and to reinvest the funds only in the types of securities specified under the trust agreement (the date of such reinvestment, May 5, 2020, is referred to herein as the Reinvestment Date ). As of March 31, 2020, we had an unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the trust account of 1,151,591 (including principal and interest). Between March 31, 2020 and the Reinvestment Date, we recouped part of the losses and on the Reinvestment Date we had an unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the trust account of 565,000 (the Shortfall ). The Shortfall represents the difference between the aggregate amount of the funds in the trust account as of the Reinvestment Date and the amount that would have been in the trust account on the Reinvestment Date had the funds in the trust account always been invested pursuant 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 to the requirements set forth in the trust agreement. To remedy the issue, and for no additional consideration, on May 14, 2020 the sponsor funded the trust account in the amount of the Shortfall. Since the amount of the Shortfall funded by the Sponsor is not required to be repaid by us, we recorded this amount as a credit to additional paid in capital. We believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Going Concern Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation date of November 18, 2021 and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s management has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to seek an extension of the amount of time that the Company has to complete a business combination and have the Company s shareholders approve the amendment of the Company s amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to allow for additional time to consummate a business combination. The Company plans to hold a meeting on or before November 18, 2021 to amend, by way of special resolution, the Company s amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the time by which the Company has to consummate a business combination. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2021. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor, and since April 2020, an affiliate of our Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, administrative and support services to us. We began incurring these fees on February 18, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the initial public offering, or 2,415,000. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a business combination from the amounts held in the trust account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Warrant Liabilities The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The Company accounts for the public warrants and private placement warrants (together, the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 value is recognized in our statement of operations. The private placement warrants and the public warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the public warrants from the units, the public warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our interim balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share In connection with the change in presentation for the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, the Company also revised its earnings per share calculation to allocate net income (loss) evenly to Class A and Class B ordinary shares. This presentation contemplates a Business Combination as the most likely outcome, in which case, both classes of ordinary shares share pro rata in the income (loss) of the Company. The impact of this adjustment is considered to be immaterial. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not required for smaller reporting company. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 16 of this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROL AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year ended June 30, 2021, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer concluded that, solely due to the Company s restatement of its financial statements to reclassify the Company s Warrants as described in the 10-K/A for the year ended June 30, 2020 filed July 23, 2021, a material weakness existed and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2021. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, as management has identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting with respect to the classification of the Company s Warrants as components of equity instead of as liabilities, as well as the related determination of the fair value of warrant liabilities, additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit, and related financial disclosures, the Company is in the process of implementing changes to the internal controls over financial reporting to remediate such material weaknesses by enhancing its processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate its research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to its financial statements. The Company s current plans include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among its personnel and third-party professionals with whom it consults regarding complex accounting applications. The Company has also retained the services of a valuation expert to assist in valuation analysis of the Warrants on a quarterly basis. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name Age Title Patrick Orlando 49 Chief Executive Officer Andrey Novikov 49 Chief Financial Officer Yubao Li 39 Chairman of the Board of Directors Wan Zhang 33 Director Baibing Li 29 Director Seydou Bouda 62 Director Mr. Patrick Orlando has been serving as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2020 and previously was our Chief Financial Officer since September 2019. Mr. Orlando has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Digital World Acquisition Corp., a publicly listed special acquisition purpose corporation, since May 2021 (Nasdaq: DWAC) and as Chief Executive Officer of Benessere Capital Acquisition Corp. a publicly listed special acquisition purpose corporation, since September 2020 (Nasdaq: BENE). He has also been serving as a director of Maquia Capital Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition corporation, since February 2021 (Nasdaq: MAQC). Mr. Orlando is Chief Executive Officer of Benessere Capital, LLC, an investment consulting and advisory firm he founded in Miami, FL, in October 2012. From March 2014 to August 2018, Mr. Orlando also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Sucro Can Sourcing LLC, a sugar trading company he co-founded. From November 2014 to August 2018, Mr. Orlando served as the Vice President of Sucro Can International LLC, a sugar processing company. From March 2011 to March 2014, Mr. Orlando served as the Managing Director and the Head of Structuring and Derivatives of BT Capital Markets, LLC. From September 2006 to March 2011, Mr. Orlando served in roles including Chief Technical Officer and Director of Pure Biofuels Corporation, a renewable fuel corporation headquartered in Houston, Texas with operations in Peru. From April 1998 to December 2003, Mr. Orlando served in roles including Director of Emerging Markets Fixed Income Derivatives of Deutsche Bank. Mr. Orlando earned degrees in Mechanical Engineering and Management Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. We believe that 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Orlando is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive investing and operational experience in addition to his experience as CEO and board member of other special purpose acquisition companies. Mr. Andrey Novikov has been serving as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2020 and previously was our Chief Executive Officer since September 2019. He has also been serving as a member of the Board of Directors at Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. (OTC: QPAGD), a US-based provider of physical and virtual payment services in the Mexican Market, since April 2014. From January 2013 to October 2014, Mr. Novikov served as an advisor of QIWI PLC (NASDAQ: QIWI), a leading payment service provider in Russia, primarily responsible for the company s international development and merger and acquisition transactions. From May 2008 to January 2014, Mr. Novikov served as a Vice President of QIWI PLC. He was also involved in strategic planning, budgeting, mergers and acquisitions, development of business plan, and attending Telecom conferences. From May 1999 to November 2007, Mr. Novikov served as the Deputy Director General of Bela Catarina Ltd., a Portuguese-Russian trading and manufacturing company, where he engaged in negotiations with foreign customers and partners, marketing in Russia and Belarus, and other business development and expansion activities. From June 1996 to May 1999, Mr. Novikov founded and managed Kvalitet Ltd., a trading company, where he was involved in business development and deliveries and sales technology. Mr. Novikov received a bachelor s degree in Automated Systems of Technological Preparation of the Production from Moscow State University of Technology. Mr. Yubao Li has been serving as the Chairman of our board of directors since our inception in January 2019 and served as our Chief Executive Officer from January 2019 to September 2019. Mr. Li has been serving as the president of academician expert service station of Hubei Yunhong Energy Group Limited since September 2018. Since June 2018, Mr. Li has been serving as the Director of Biopeptide Research Centre at China s Academy of Management Science, a research institute located in Beijing where he supports innovation by defining the research focus of the group. Mr. Li has also been serving as officers and directors of several other entities, including as the Executive Director and General Manager of Hubei Teruiga Energy Co., Ltd, a new energy technology company, since November 2017, the Executive Director of Hubei Yuntong Energy Co., Ltd., a solar power and agriculture company, since April 2016, the Executive Director and General Manager of Hubei Yun Hong photovoltaic Co., Ltd., a solar power and agriculture company, since May 2016, the President of Hubei Yunhong Deren Tourism Co., Ltd., a tourism project developer, since May 2016 and the President of Yunhong Group Holdings Co., Ltd., formerly known as China Hubei Yunhong Energy Group Co., Ltd., a company engaged in the business of solar power construction and solar photovoltaic power generation, since 2013. Mr. Li received his diploma in Investment, Financing and Capital Strategy from Peking University. Due to his extensive investment and management experiences, we believe Mr. Li is well qualified to serve as a Director. Ms. Wan Zhang has been serving as our director since June 2020. She has also serving as a member of the Board of Directors of Yunhong CTI Ltd.(NASDAQ:CTIB), a leading manufacturer of custom film products, foil and latex novelty balloons, and flexible packaging products, since June 2020. From March 2020 to March 2021, Ms. Zhang served as a Senior Manager at Taikang Bybo Dental Group, leading its strategic planning and operations supervision. Prior to that, Ms. Zhang served as a Senior Manager at the Public Affairs Department of PKU Healthcare Group, an international enterprise in the healthcare industry, from June 2018 to August 2019, responsible for resource integration, project financing, policy research and strategic planning of the health sector. From May 2014 to May 2018, Ms. Zhang was a Manager and Board Secretary at Capital Healthcare Group, a state owned healthcare investment group. During her time at Capital Healthcare Group, she also served as Board Secretary and Assistant to Director of Operations at its subsidiary, Aiyuhua Women s and Children s Hospital. From November 2012 to March 2013, Ms. Zhang served as Assistant Board Secretary at Tsit Wing International Holdings Ltd., an international food and beverage service provider listed on Singapore Exchange [SGX:T26]. Prior to that, she was an auditor and Board Secretary of Hong Kong Albert YK Lau Co Certified Public Accountants in Hong Kong from June 2010 to February 2012. Ms. Zhang received a bachelor s degree from Wuhan University and a master s degree from Lingnan University. We believe Ms. Zhang is qualified to serve on our Board due to her extensive investment management and board experience. Ms. Baibing Li has been serving as our director since June 2020. Since June 2020, she has been the manager of equity Financing Department of Tiger Securities, responsible for the management of listing projects.She served as the Brand and Operation Director and Overseas Marketing Director of Huachuan (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd., an e-commerce company, from December 2017 to March 2020, responsible for brand negotiation, online B2B and B2C operation and daily management. Prior to that, from March 2016 to December 2017, Ms. Li was a member of the founding team of Hubei Yifuren Health Consulting Management Co., Ltd., a company focused on postpartum care and recovery, responsible for corporate strategy, financing and daily management. Form July 2014 to January 2016, she was a Budget Manager and Art Commissioner at Trade Union of China Construction Second Engineering Bureau, Shanghai Branch. Ms. Li received a bachelor s degree from Hubei University of Technology and is currently pursuing an MBA degree at Wuhan University. We believe Ms. Li is qualified to serve on our Board due to her management experience. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Seydou Bouda has been serving as our director since February 2020 and has also been serving as the Managing Director and the International Consultant of International Challenge Consulting and Advisory (ICCA), a consultancy firm engaged in consulting services with governments and businesses, since November 2018. Mr. Bouda has also been serving as a member of the Board of Directors of Soci t G n rale Burkina Faso since July 2019. From November 2014 to October 2018, Mr. Bouda served as the Alternative Executive Director and then Executive Director of Africa Group II of World Bank Executive Board on behalf of Burkina Faso and 22 other African countries. From September 2011 to October 2014, Mr. Bouda served as the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Burkina Faso to the United States of America. From September 2008 to April 2011, Mr. Bouda served as the Minister of Health of Burkina Faso. Mr. Bouda served as the Minister of Civil Service and State Reform of Burkina Faso from June 2007 to September 2008. From June 2002 to June 2007, Mr. Bouda served as the Minister of Economy and Development of Burkina Faso. From November 2000 to May 2002, Mr. Bouda served as the Secretary General for the government and the Cabinet meetings of Burkina Faso. Mr. Bouda received his bachelor s degree in Sociology and his master s degree in Economics, Option Development Planning from University of Ouagadougou. Mr. Bouda also received a post-graduate diploma Economist of Projects from University of Montpellier I. Due to his extensive management experience and exceptional leadership, we believe Mr. Bouda is well qualified to serve as a Director. None of our management team has any experience with blank check companies. As such, there is no guarantee that we will be successful with respect to any business combination we may consummate or that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. As such, there is no guarantee that we will be successful with respect to any business combination we may consummate or that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. Number, terms of office and appointment of officers and directors Our Board of Directors consists of four members. Holders of our founder shares have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares who are eligible to vote and attend and vote in a general meeting our shareholders. Each of our directors holds office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. Our officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Collectively, through their positions described above, our officers and directors have extensive experience in public companies and in the consumer/lifestyle industry. These individuals play a key role in identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, selecting the target businesses, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the acquisition. Director independence The NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board has determined that each of Messrs. Baibing Li, Wan Zhang and Seydou Bouda are independent directors under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board of Directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, NASDAQ rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and NASDAQ rules require that the compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company each be comprised solely of independent directors. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Baibing Li, Wan Zhang and Seydou Bouda. Mr. Bouda serves as chairman of the audit committee. Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Baibing Li, Wan Zhang and Seydou Bouda meet the independent director standard under NASDAQ listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Bouda qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Baibing Li, Wan Zhang and Seydou Bouda. Mr. Bouda serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Baibing Li, Wan Zhang and Seydou Bouda are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee We have established a nominating and corporate governance committee. The members of our nominating and corporate governance are Messrs. Baibing Li, Wan Zhang and Seydou Bouda, each of whom is an independent director under the NASDAQ listing standards. Mr. Bouda serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the nominating committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 
 The nominating and corporate governance committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating and corporate governance committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee and corporate governance does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Director nominations Our nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the Board of Directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the shareholders. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, (i) as a member of the compensation committee or Board of Directors of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our compensation committee, or (ii) as a member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our Board of Directors. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation Officer and director compensation Except as set forth herein, none of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on NASDAQ and continuing through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of October 27, 2021 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our ordinary shares, by: Each person believed by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5 of our outstanding stock of ordinary shares;
 Each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares our of ordinary shares and;
 All our executive officers and directors as a group.
 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 8,944,500 ordinary shares, which includes 7,219,500 Class A ordinary shares, 0.001 par value per share, and 1,725,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding, as of October 27, 2021. Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and holders of our Class A ordinary shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Approximate Number of Number of Percentage Shares Approximate Shares Approximate of Outstanding Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage Ordinary Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Owned of Class Owned(2) of Class Shares LF International Pte. Ltd. (3) 250,500 3.47 1,725,000 100.0 19.29 Yubao Li (3) 250,500 3.47 1,725,000 100.0 19.29 Patrick Orlando Andrey Novikov Baibing Li Wan Zhang Seydou Bouda Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (4) 900,000 12.47 Faes Equities LLC (5) 766,611 10.62 Glazer Capital, LLC (6) 681,477 9.4 Mizuho Securities USA LLC (7) 622,213 7.0 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (8) 697,400 9.66 All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) 250,500 3.47 1,725,000 100.0 19.29 Less than one percent (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 4 19/F, 126 Zhong Bei, Wuchang District, Wuhan, China 430061. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) Yubao Li, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our sponsor by virtue of his control over our sponsor, as its managing member. Yubao Li disclaims beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares held by our sponsor other than to the extent of his pecuniary interest in such shares. Each of our officers and directors is a member of our sponsor. (4) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020, jointly by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (the Investment Manager and Sander Gerber, the parties reported that the Investment Manager may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 900,000 Class A ordinary shares. The Investment Manager serves as the investment manager to Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. HB Strategies LLC, in whose name 900,000 Class A ordinary shares are held, is indirectly controlled by Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. Mr. Gerber 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 serves as the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which is the general partner of the Investment Manager. The business address of each reporting person is 777 Third Avenue, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10017. (5) According to Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021, jointly by Faes Equities LLC and Lawrence M. Faes, the parties reported that Faes Equities LLC and Mr. Faes may be deemed to beneficially own an aggregate of 766,611 Class A Ordinary Shares. The business address of each reporting person is 20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 2115, Chicago, Illinois 60606. (6) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021, jointly by Glazer Capital, LLC Glazer Capital and Paul J. Glazer, the parties reported that the Glazer Capital and Mr. Glazer may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 681,477 Class A ordinary shares. Glazer Capital serves as investment manager to certain funds and managed accounts (collectively, the Glazer Funds which hold the 681,477 Class A ordinary shares. Mr. Glazer serves as the Managing Member of Glazer Capital. The business address of each reporting person is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. (7) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021, by Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Mizuho Americas LLC may be deemed to be indirect beneficial owners of the 622,213 Class A ordinary shares directly held by Mizuho Securities USA LLC, which is their wholly-owned subsidiary. The business address of the reporting person is 1 5 5, Otemachi, Chiyoda ku, Tokyo 100 8176, Japan. (8) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021, by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar Asset ), Polar Asset may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 697,400 Class A ordinary shares. Polar Asset serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF and certain managed accounts (together with PMSMF, Polar Vehicles with respect to the 697,400 Class A ordinary shares directly held by the Polar Vehicles. The business address of the reporting person is 401 Bay Street, Suite 1900, PO Box 19, Toronto, Ontario M5H 2Y4, Canada. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None. Changes in Control None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence Certain Relationships and Related Transactions In May 2019, our sponsor purchased 1,437,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.017 per share. Our sponsor currently owns approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding shares and has the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. In addition, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO on February 18, 2020, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 232,500 units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate price of 2,325,000 in a private placement closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. On February 24, 2020, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full. In connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option, we sold an additional 18,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 180,000. Each private placement unit will be identical to the units sold in our initial public offering, except as described in our registration statement. The private placement shares, the private placement warrants and the private placement rights (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and upon conversion of the private placement rights) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares, private placement shares, private placement warrants or private placement rights, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval). If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors have and will in the future have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that my take priority over their duties to us. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with our sponsor, pursuant to which we pay a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination does not occur by November 18, 2021 (which may be further extended upon shareholder approval), an affiliate of our sponsor will be paid a total of 120,000 10,000 per month) for office space, administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor loaned an aggregate of 210,659 to us under an unsecured promissory note, which we used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. The loans were fully repaid in July 2020. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units issued to the initial holders. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement units, and units that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable). Related Party Policy Our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. ITEM 14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. Audit Fees During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were 108,150 and 80,340, respectively, for the services they performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering, including the financial statements 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 included in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2020, the audit of our June 30, 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and 10-K/A, the audit of our June 30, 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods. Audit-Related Fees During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. Tax Fees During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, AND SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements: 

Description Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 - F-21 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (b) The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report: We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Yunhong International (formerly known as China Yunhong Holdings) Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Yunhong International (the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by November 18, 2021 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. New York, New York October 26, 2021 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 YUNHONG INTERNATIONAL BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, June 30, 2021 2020 Revised ASSETS Current Assets Cash Prepaid expenses and other receivable Total Current Assets Investments held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Advances from related party Promissory note - related party Total Current Liabilities Warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting fees Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at June 30, 2021 and 2020 Shareholders Deficit Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding Class A non-redeemable ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) at June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 and 2020 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 YUNHONG INTERNATIONAL STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended Year Ended June 30, June 30, 2021 2020 General and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other (expense) income: Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities ) Interest income Interest income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account Realized loss on marketable securities held in the Trust Account ) Total other (expense) income, net ) Net loss ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, redeemable and non-redeemable (1) Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ) (1) ) Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares (1) Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ) (1) ) (1) Revised See Note 2. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 YUNHONG INTERNATIONAL STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT (Revised) 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance June 30, 2019 ) Sale of Private Units Issuance of Representative Shares ) Sale of Unit Purchase Option Accretion for Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption amount ) ) ) Capital contribution to Trust Account to fund shortfall Net loss ) ) Balance June 30, 2020 ) ) Accretion for Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption amount ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance June 30, 2021 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 YUNHONG INTERNATIONAL STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended Year Ended June 30, June 30, 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account ) ) Realized loss on securities held in Trust Account Fees charged to Trust Account Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other receivable ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash in Trust Account ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount paid Proceeds from sale of Private Units Proceeds from sale of unit purchase option Advances from related party Proceeds from promissory note related party Payment of offering costs ) Repayment of advance from related party ) Repayment of promissory note - related party ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash ) Cash Beginning of year Cash Ending of year Non-cash investing and financing activities: Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (including underwriter s exercise of over-allotment) Deferred underwriting fee payable Payment of offering costs through promissory note related party Capital contribution to Trust Account Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value Issuance of Representative Shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 units Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units at a price of per Private Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, LF International Pte. Ltd. (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 5. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 18, 2020, an amount of from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. The Trust Account is controlled by the terms of the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 12, 2020, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company LLC, as the trustee (the Trust Agreement (see Note 11 for additional information). On February 24, 2020, in connection with the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Units at per Unit and the sale of an additional Private Units at per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of . Following the closing, an additional was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to . Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released for taxes) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 15 or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants or rights. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to vote its Class B ordinary shares, the Class A ordinary shares included in the Private Units (the Private Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, with respect to the Company s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of a Business Combination unless the Company provides dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any shares (including the Class B ordinary shares) and Private Units (including underlying securities) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination if the Company does not seek shareholder approval in connection therewith) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, relating to shareholders rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the Class B ordinary shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the Sponsor will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. The Company initially had until February 18, 2021 to consummate a Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination by February 18, 2021, the Company may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to three times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a Business Combination) (the Combination Period ). In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account per share), on or prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of , or per share, if the Company extends for the full nine months). On February 10, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a Business Combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on May 18, 2021, and, accordingly, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of per share at the option of the lender. On May 13, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a Business Combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on August 18, 2021, and, accordingly, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of per share at the option of the lender. On August 15, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a Business Combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on November 18, 2021, and, accordingly, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 per share at the option of the lender. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than five business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to ), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below per share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. The period of time for the Company to consummate a Business Combination was extended for three (3) additional three-month periods on February 10, 2021, May 13, 2021, and August 15, 2021. The August 15, 2021 additional three month extension is for the three month period ending on November 18, 2021. On February 10, 2021, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of per share at the option of the lender. On May 13, 2021, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of per share at the option of the lender. On August 15, 2021, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of per share at the option of the lender. Going Concern In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after November 18, 2021. The Company s management has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to seek an extension of the amount of time that the Company has to complete a business combination and have the Company s shareholders approve the amendment of the 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 per share Class A ordinary share while also taking into consideration a redemption cannot result in net tangible assets being less than . Management determined that the Class A ordinary shares issued during the Initial Public Offering can be redeemed or become redeemable subject to the occurrence of future events considered outside the Company s control. Therefore, management concluded that the redemption value should include all Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, resulting in the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption being equal to their redemption value. In connection with the change in presentation for the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, the Company also revised its earnings per share calculation to allocate net income (loss) evenly to Class A and Class B ordinary shares. This presentation contemplates a business combination as the most likely outcome, in which case, both classes of shares would share evenly in the income (loss) of the Company. Class A ordinary shares ) Additional paid-in capital ) Retained earnings ) ) ) Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) ) ) Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended June 30, 2020 (audited) Non-cash Initial classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Non-cash Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary shares issuance costs ) Add: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at June 30, 2020 Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at June 30, 2021 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision is zero for the periods presented. The Company does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. Class A ordinary shares, (2) rights sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement that convert into Class A ordinary shares and (3) Class A ordinary shares, warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares and rights that convert into Class A ordinary shares in the unit purchase option sold to the underwriters, in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants, the conversion of the rights into Class A ordinary shares and the exercise of the unit purchase option are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share ) ) ) ) Units at a purchase price of per Unit, which includes the exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in full of Units at per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, one-half of redeemable warrant Public Warrant and right Public Right ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 8). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of a Business Combination (see Note 8). Private Units at a price of per Private Unit, or in the aggregate. On February 24, 2020, in connection with the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in full, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Units for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Unit consists of Private Share, one -half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Private Warrant and right (each, a Private Right ). Each whole Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per whole share. Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive one -tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of a Business 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 share and issued to the Sponsor Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. In February 2020, the Company effected a for 1 stock dividend for each Founder Share outstanding, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares, of which up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equal or exceed per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any 30 -trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Advances from Related Party During the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Sponsor advanced the Company funds to cover certain working capital expenses. The advances are non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. Advances totaling and were outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Promissory Note Related Party On May 23, 2019, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, as amended and restated on January 17, 2020 (the Promissory Note ). Pursuant to the Promissory Note, the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of June 30, 2020 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of June 30, 2020, there was outstanding under the Promissory Note. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of was repaid in July 2020. Borrowings under the Promissory Note are longer available and nothing is outstanding at June 30, 2021. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on February 18, 2020 through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of for office space, administrative and support services. On April 15, 2020, the Company entered into an assignment agreement with the Sponsor and an affiliate of the Sponsor, pursuant to which all of the Sponsor s rights and obligations under the agreement were assigned to the affiliate of the Sponsor. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively. As at June 30, 2021, is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. There were amounts accrued as of June 30, 2020. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The units would be identical to the Private Units. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, Working Capital Loans were outstanding. Related Party Extension Loans As discussed in Note 1, the Company may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination times by an additional three months each time (for a total of months to complete a Business Combination). In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designee must deposit into the Trust Account for each extension per share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan and will be non-interest bearing and payable on or before November 18, 2021. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Up to of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Company will not repay such loans. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete a Business Combination. On February 10, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a Business Combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on May 18, 2021, and, accordingly, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of per share at the option of the lender. On May 13, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a Business Combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on August 18, 2021, and, accordingly, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of per share at the option of the lender. On August 15, 2021, the period of time for the Company to consummate a Business Combination was extended for an additional three-month period ending on November 18, 2021, and, accordingly, was deposited into the Trust Account. The deposit was funded by a non-interest bearing unsecured convertible promissory note from GCN. The note is repayable on or before November 18, 2021 (subject to the waiver against trust limitations) and may be converted into shares of the Company or its successor entity at a price of per share at the option of the lender. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Right of First Refusal For a period beginning on the closing of Initial Public Offering and ending from the closing of a Business Combination, the Company has granted the underwriters a right of first refusal to act as lead-left book running manager and lead left manager for any and all future private or public equity, convertible and debt offerings during such period. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(E)(i), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statements for the Initial Public Offering. Share Exchange Agreement On May 14, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with GCN, each of GCN s shareholders named therein (collectively, the Sellers ), LF International Pte. Ltd., a Republic of Singapore company, in the capacity as the representative from and after the closing of the Transactions (as defined below) (the Closing for the Company s shareholders other than the Sellers (the Purchaser Representative ), and Yang Lan, in the capacity as the representative for the Sellers thereunder (the Seller Representative ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, the Company will effect an acquisition of GCN, by acquiring from the Sellers all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of GCN (together with the other transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement, the Transactions ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of GCN, the Company will issue to the Sellers a number of the Company ordinary shares (the Exchange Shares equal in value to , with the Company ordinary shares valued at per share, with fifteen percent ) of such Exchange Shares Escrow Shares being deposited into a segregated escrow at the Closing (along with dividends and other earnings otherwise payable with respect to such Escrow Shares). The Escrow Shares and other escrow property shall serve as a source of security for the Sellers indemnification obligations and any purchase price adjustments. The Exchange Shares, including the Escrow Shares, will be allocated among the Sellers pro-rata based on each Seller s ownership of GCN immediately prior to the Closing. Certain Sellers will have their portion of the Exchange Shares subject to a lock-up as set forth in the Lock-Up Agreements as described below under the heading Lock-Up Agreement. The Escrow Shares will be held in an escrow account to be maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, in its capacity as the escrow agent, or such other escrow agent as agreed by the Company and GCN prior to the Closing (the Escrow Agent ). While the Escrow Shares are held in escrow, the Sellers will be entitled to vote their portion of the Escrow Shares. Simultaneously with the Closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company, the Purchaser Representative and the Sellers will also enter into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ). Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Sellers hold registration rights that obligate the Company to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), all or any portion of the Exchange Shares (the Registrable Securities so long as such shares are not then restricted under the Lock-Up Agreement. Sellers holding a majority-in-interest of all Registrable Securities then issued and outstanding are entitled under the Registration Rights Agreement to make a written demand for registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their Registrable Securities, so long as such shares are not then restricted under the Lock-Up Agreement (including shares held in escrow under the Escrow Agreement). Subject to certain exceptions, if at any time after the Closing of the Transactions, the Company proposes to file a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to its securities, under the Registration Rights Agreement, The Company shall give notice to the Sellers as to the proposed filing and offer the Sellers holding Registrable Securities an opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as requested by the Sellers in writing. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 preferred shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the sum of all ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination or any private placement-equivalent units issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) from the effective date of the registration statements for the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file, and within business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equal or exceed per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were Private Warrants outstanding. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Rights As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were Rights outstanding. Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all Class A ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. Representative Shares On February 18, 2020, the Company issued to the designees of the underwriters Class A ordinary shares (the Representative Shares ). On February 24, 2020, in connection with the underwriters election to exercise the over-allotment option in full, the Company issued an additional Representative Shares to the designees of the underwriters. The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to shareholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be based upon the price of the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. Unit Purchase Option On February 18, 2020, the Company sold to the underwriters (and its designees), for , an option to purchase up to Units exercisable at per Unit (or an aggregate exercise price of commencing on the later of February 12, 2021 and the closing of a Business Combination. On February 24, 2020, in connection with the underwriters election to exercise the over-allotment option in full, the Company issued the underwriters an option to purchase up to an additional Units exercisable at per Unit for no additional consideration. The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires February 12, 2025. The Units issuable upon exercise of the option are identical to those offered in the Initial Public Offering. The Company accounted for the unit purchase option, inclusive of the receipt of cash payment, as an expense of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to shareholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of the unit purchase option is approximately , or per Unit, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the unit purchase option granted to the underwriters was estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of , (2) risk-free interest rate of and (3) expected life of years. The option and such units purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the Class A ordinary shares underlying such units, the rights included in such units, the Class A ordinary shares that are issuable for the rights included in such units, the warrants included in such units, and the shares underlying such warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA s NASDAQ Conduct Rules. Additionally, the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to holders demand and piggy back rights for periods of five and , respectively, from the effective date of the registration statements with respect to the registration under the 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 in money market funds and in U.S. Treasury Securities. At June 30, 2020, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of in mutual and money market funds and in U.S. Treasury Securities. The following table presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June 30, 2021 and 2020, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Liabilities: Warrant Liabilities - Public Warrants 1 Warrant Liabilities - Private Warrants 3 The Company classifies its U.S. Treasury and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with ASC 320 Investments - Debt and Equity Securities. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying balance sheets and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 ) June 30, 2020 U.S. Treasury Securities (Matured on 8/15/2020) 1 The Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warrants as of June 30, 2020 is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. The subsequent measurement of the Private Warrants was calculated using a Monte Carlo Simulation which is considered a Level 3 measurement. Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the Private Warrant liability for which there is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate. The fair value of the Private Warrants was estimated at June 30, 2021 and 2020 to be and , respectively, using the Monte Carlo Simulation approach and the following assumptions: Expected Term Dividend yield Expected volatility Exercise price Unit Price The following table presents the changes in the fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities: Change in fair value Fair value as of June 30, 2021 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2and 3 are measured at the end of the reporting period. There were transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year ended June 30, 2021. Due to the use of quoted prices in an active market (Level 1) to measure the fair value of the Public Warrants, subsequent to initial measurement, the Company had transfers out of Level 3 totaling approximately during the period from February 18, 2020 through June 30, 2020. (including principal and interest). Between March 31, 2020 and the Reinvestment Date, the Company recouped part of the losses and on the Reinvestment Date the Company had an unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of (the Shortfall ). The Shortfall represents the difference between the aggregate amount of the funds in the Trust Account as of the Reinvestment Date and the amount that would have been in the Trust Account on the Reinvestment Date had the funds in the Trust Account always been invested pursuant to the requirements set forth in the Trust Agreement. To remedy the issue, and for no additional consideration, on May 14, 2020 the Sponsor funded the Trust Account in the amount of the Shortfall. Since the amount of 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 4.4 Description of Securities. (1) 10.1 Promissory Note, dated as of February 10, 2021. (2) 10.2 Promissory Note, dated as of May 14, 2021. (3) 10.3 Promissory Note, dated as of August 13, 2021. (4) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith Furnished herewith (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on September 28, 2020. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

October 27, 2021 Yunhong International By: /s/ Patrick Orlando Name: Patrick Orlando Title: Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date /s/ Patrick Orlando Chief Executive Officer October 27, 2021 Patrick Orlando (Principal Executives Officer) /s/ Andrey Novikov Chief Executive Officer October 27, 2021 Andrey Novikov (Principal Financial Accounting Officer) /s/ Yubao Li Chairman of the Board and Director October 27, 2021 Yubao Li /s/ Baibing Li Director October 27, 2021 Baibing Li /s/ Wan Zhang Director October 27, 2021 Wan Zhang /s/ Seydou Bouda Director October 27, 2021 Seydou Bouda 
 71 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 zgyhu-20210630xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) I, Patrick Orlando, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yunhong International; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2021 By: /s/ Patrick Orlando Patrick Orlando Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 zgyhu-20210630xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) I, Andrey Novikov, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yunhong International; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2021 By: /s/ Andrey Novikov Andrey Novikov Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 zgyhu-20210630xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Yunhong International (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Patrick Orlando, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: October 27, 2021 By: /s/ Patrick Orlando Patrick Orlando Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 zgyhu-20210630xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Yunhong International (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Andrey Novikov, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: October 27, 2021 By: /s/ Andrey Novikov Andrey Novikov Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 zgyhu-20210630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 zgyhu-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 zgyhu-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 zgyhu-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

