<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211014_10-K_edgar_data_1005731_0001493152-21-025444.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12852177</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>334106</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1760007</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5097687</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2452706</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2847420</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-025444.hdr.sgml : 20211014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211014165422
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-025444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IDT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				223415036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16371
		FILM NUMBER:		211323796

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD ST
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973 438 1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-025444.txt : 20211014

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934 
for the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934. 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, ,
 
(Address of principal executive offices, zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on 
 which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the adjusted closing price
on January 29, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the Class B common
stock of 14.03 per share, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately million. 

As
of October 12, 2021, the registrant had outstanding 
 shares of Class B common stock and 
 shares of Class A common stock. Excluded from
these numbers are 2,191,634 shares of Class B common stock and 1,698,000 shares of Class A common stock held in treasury by IDT Corporation. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The
definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held December 15, 2021, is incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent described therein. 

Index 

IDT
Corporation 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

Part I 
 
 1 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 16 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 29 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 29 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 30 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 30 
 
 Part II 
 
 30 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 30 

Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 31 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 31 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 
 44 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 44 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 44 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 44 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 47 
 
 Part III 
 
 47 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 47 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 47 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 47 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 48 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 48 
 
 Part IV 
 
 49 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 49 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 50 
 
 Signatures 
 
 51 

i 

Part
I 

As
used in this Annual Report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, IDT, we, 
 us, and our refer to IDT Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its predecessor, International Discount Telecommunications,
Corp., a New York corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Each reference to a fiscal year in this Annual Report refers to the
fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal 2021 refers to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021). 

Item
1. Business. 

OVERVIEW 

IDT
is a global provider of financial technology, or fintech, cloud communications and traditional communications services. Our businesses
often leverage common strategic assets to serve differentiated markets with innovative offerings. 

Our
consumer businesses make it easier for families to connect, support and share across international borders. We also enable businesses
to transact and communicate with their customers with enhanced intelligence and insight. 

Our
businesses include: 

Fintech: 

National
 Retail Solutions (NRS ): Operates a point-of-sale, or POS, terminal-based platform that
 enables independent retailers to operate and process transactions more effectively while
 providing advertisers and marketers with unprecedented reach into underserved consumer markets;
 and 

BOSS
 Revolution Money Transfer: Makes it easy and convenient to send money from the United
 States to friends and family across borders and around the world; 

Cloud
 Communications: 

net2phone:
 Provides businesses in North America, Latin America and certain parts of Europe with
 cloud communications and collaboration solutions intelligently integrated across channels,
 platforms and devices; 

Traditional
 Communications: 

Mobile
 Top-Up: Enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging, and
 data to international and domestic mobile accounts; 

BOSS
 Revolution Calling : An international long-distance calling service marketed primarily
 to immigrant communities in the United States and Canada; 

Carrier
 Services : A wholesale provider of international voice and SMS termination and outsourced
 traffic management solutions to telecoms worldwide; and 

Other,
 small businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses
 in harvest mode. 

SEGMENT
REPORTING 

As
of August 1, 2020, we revised our reportable business segments to reflect the growth of our fintech and cloud communications businesses
and their increased contributions to our consolidated results. We now have three reportable business segments: (1) Fintech; (2) net2phone-UCaaS
(Unified Communications as a Service); and (3) Traditional Communications. Comparative segment information has been reclassified and
restated in all periods to conform to the current period presentation. 

The
Fintech segment, which represented 5 and 4 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, comprises NRS and BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer. NRS and BOSS Revolution Money Transfer were previously included in our Telecom Payment Services segment. 

The
net2phone-UCaaS segment, which represented 3 and 2 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, comprises net2phone s
cloud communications offerings, which were previously included in our net2phone segment. 

The
Traditional Communications segment, which represented 92 and 93 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively,
includes Mobile Top-Up, BOSS Revolution Calling, and Carrier Services as well as smaller communications and payments offerings, some
of which are in harvest mode, and certain early-stage business initiatives. Most of the Traditional Communications segment was previously
included in our Telecom Payment Services segment. 

Financial
information by segment is presented in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

1 

Our
headquarters is located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102. The main telephone number at our headquarters is (973) 438-1000
and our corporate website s home page is www.idt.net. 

We
make available free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to these reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more
than 10 of our equity through the investor relations page of our website (http://ir.idt.net/) as soon as reasonably practicable after
such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our website also contains information not incorporated
into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

KEY
EVENTS IN OUR HISTORY 

1990
 Howard S. Jonas, our founder, launched International Discount Telephone to provide international call re-origination services. 

1995
 We began selling wholesale services to other long-distance carriers by leveraging our access to favorable international telephone
rates generated by our retail calling traffic. 

1996
 We successfully complete an initial public offering of our common stock. 

2000
 We complete the sale of a stake in our net2phone subsidiary, a pioneer in the development and commercialization of VoIP technologies
and services, to AT T for approximately 1.1 billion in cash. We subsequently repurchased net2phone from AT T. 

2001
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE. 

2006
 We sell our Russian telecom business, Corbina, for 129.9 million in cash. 

2007
 We complete the sale of IDT Entertainment to Liberty Media for 220.0 million in cash, stock and other considerations. 

2008
 We launch BOSS Revolution PIN-less, a pay-as-you-go international calling service. BOSS Revolution has since become our flagship
brand, and the BOSS Revolution platform has been expanded to include payment offerings. 

2009
 We spin-off our CTM Media Holdings subsidiary to our stockholders. CTM Media Holdings has been renamed IDW Media Holdings, Inc.
and its stock is traded on the NYSE American with the ticker symbol IDW . 

2011
 We spin-off our Genie Energy Ltd. subsidiary, which provides electricity and natural gas and related services to residential
and business customers in the United States and overseas. Genie Energy s common stock is listed on the NYSE with the ticker symbol
 GNE . 

2013
 We spin-off our subsidiary, Straight Path Communications, Inc., or Straight Path, including its wireless spectrum holdings, to
our stockholders. Straight Path was purchased in February 2018 by Verizon Communications Inc. 

We introduce the BOSS Revolution Calling app for Android and iOS. 

We launch our BOSS Revolution international money transfer service. 

2014
 We sell our stake in Fabrix, a pioneer in cloud storage and network delivery technologies, to Ericsson for 69 million. 

2015
 net2phone launches its UCaaS offering in the United States. 

2016
 We spin-off our interest in our Zedge subsidiary to our stockholders. Zedge provides a content platform for mobile device personalization
including ringtones, wallpapers, home screen icons and notification sounds. Zedge s stock is listed on the NYSE American with the
ticker symbol ZDGE . 

We launch NRS to provide POS-based services to independent retailers in the United States. 

net2phone initiates global expansion of its UCaaS offering with a launch in Brazil. 

2017
 We introduce the BOSS Revolution Money app for Android and iOS. 

2 

2018
 We spin-off our interest in our Rafael Holdings, Inc. subsidiary to our stockholders. Rafael Holdings holds stakes in early-stage
pharmaceuticals companies, including Rafael Pharma, a privately held, clinical-stage, metabolic oncology therapeutics company. Rafael
Holdings stock is listed on the NYSE with the ticker symbol RFL . 

2019
 net2phone s cloud communications service surpasses 100,000 service seats milestone. 

NRS
 adds its 10,000 th POS terminal to its retail network. 

2020
 net2phone introduces its Huddle video conferencing solution and integration with Microsoft Teams. 

NRS
 introduces the BR Club Shopping app, enabling NRS retailers to accept mobile orders. 

BOSS
 Revolution Money Transfer exceeds 500,000 monthly transactions via digital channels for the
 first time. 

2021
 net2phone launches integrations with Microsoft Teams, Salesforce and Zapier among others, and HIPAA compatible solutions for
healthcare providers. 

BOSS
 Revolution Money Transfer is integrated into the BOSS Revolution Calling app. 

NRS
 PAY, the payment processing service of NRS, surpasses 5,000 customers while NRS adds its
 14,000th POS terminal to its retail network. 

We
 announce that we are preparing to spin-off our net2phone cloud communications business. 

OUR
STRATEGY 

We
believe that we have been effective at value creation during the more than 30 years since our founding. We have incubated promising early-stage,
high-growth businesses with investment capital provided by our more mature, cash-generating businesses. As these growth businesses scale,
we have frequently monetized them through sales or spin-offs to our shareholders. 

To
date, we have spun off five publicly traded companies, one of which was subsequently acquired: 

IDW
 Media Holdings, Inc. (NYSE American: IDW), a publishing and entertainment company (2009); 

Genie
 Energy, Ltd. (NYSE: GNE), a retail energy provider in the United States and Europe and developer
 of solar energy projects (2011); 

Straight
 Path Communications, Inc. a holder of certain spectrum licenses that was purchased by Verizon
 in 2018 (2015); 

Zedge,
 Inc. (NYSE American: ZDGE), an app developer focused on mobile phone personalization and
 entertainment (2016); and 

Rafael
 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: RFL), a pharmaceutical company pursuing novel cancer therapies (2018). 

Today,
we are comprised of several high-growth, high-margin, tech-centric businesses as well as more mature businesses. Our businesses derive
their competitive advantages leveraging one or more of our strategic assets including: 

The
 BOSS Revolution, net2phone and NRS brands; 

A
 nationwide network of more than 35,000 retailers who sell BOSS Revolution offerings including
 over 26,000 who utilize our digital retailer platform; 

Our
 customer base of more than eight million, primarily in immigrant communities within the United
 States; 

Our
 technology, global infrastructure and high-capacity transaction platforms; 

Extensive
 VoIP and cloud services expertise; and 

Our
 staff of more than 1,600 working in over 20 countries on four continents. 

Our
high-margin, high-growth businesses include: 

net2phone,
 a UCaaS provider that intelligently integrates cloud communications across channels, platforms
 and devices for businesses globally; 

BOSS
 Revolution Money Transfer, a U.S. provider of international money remittances through digital
 and retail channels; and 

NRS,
 an operator of a POS terminal-based network that enables independent retailers to operate
 and process transactions more effectively while providing advertisers and consumer marketers
 unprecedented reach into underserved consumer markets. 

3 

Throughout
the development of these three businesses, growth capital has been provided by the cash flows generated by our more mature traditional
communications offerings. Consequently, we did not have to utilize debt financing nor dilutive capital raises to fund the growth of these
initiatives. 

Our
mature, traditional communications offerings include: 

Mobile
 Top-Up; 

BOSS
 Revolution Calling; and 

Carrier
 Services. 

Our
traditional communications offerings participate wholly or partially in the paid minute voice communications market. This market is subject
to intense revenue and margin pressure as consumers migrate to free over-the-top voice and messaging services as well as flat-rate international
long-distance plans. However, we continually innovate and deploy new features and enhancements to generate revenue and reduce overhead
and operating expenditures for each of these offerings. Most notably, our Mobile Top-Up offerings have defied market trends to expand
significantly in recent years. In addition, BOSS Revolution Calling s and Mobile Top-Up s margin contributions have both
benefited from a gradual rotation to digital channels with higher per-unit margins. These trends and cost saving efforts have, in recent
quarters, more than offset the revenue and margin contribution pressures of the paid minute voice communications market. 

The
increasing revenue and gross margin contributions from our high-margin growth businesses in combination with our efforts to maximize
the cash generation of our lower margin, more mature offerings have enabled us to improve our consolidated bottom-line performance in
recent quarters. We expect that this rotation toward our higher margin offerings will continue and help to drive increases in our net
margins. 

In
fiscal 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors had directed us to prepare for the potential spin-off of our net2phone cloud communications
business. Management subsequently has stated that it expects the preparations will be complete by the end of calendar year 2021 or shortly
thereafter, although there is no assurance that this spin-off will be completed on this schedule or at all. 

BUSINESS
DESCRIPTION 

Fintech 

Our
Fintech segment contributed 5 and 4 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, and is comprised of: 

NRS,
 an operator of a nationwide POS network providing payment processing, digital advertising,
 transaction data, and ancillary services; and 

BOSS
 Revolution Money Transfer, a provider of international money remittance and related value/payment
 transfer services. 

During
fiscal 2021, our Fintech segment generated 74.3 million in revenues and a loss from operations of 1.5 million, as compared with revenues
of 59.9 million and income from operations of 3.4 million in fiscal 2020. 

NRS 

NRS 
revenues were 24.7 million in fiscal 2021, a 107 increase from fiscal 2020. 

NRS
operates a network of POS terminals at independent retailers throughout the United States. The NRS solution includes hardware and software
components that are specifically integrated to enable these retailers to compete more effectively against typically larger retail chains. 

The
POS terminal s hardware includes cash registers, barcode scanners, retailer and customer-facing hi-definition screens, receipt
printers and credit card readers. NRS integrated, proprietary software is offered as a service and provides operational tools
including inventory management, sales tracking, price book management and other useful features. 

The
primary market for NRS POS terminals is the more than 200,000 independently owned convenience, liquor, grocery, and tobacco stores
in the United States, many of which primarily serve foreign-born communities. 

4 

NRS
continues to increase the number of POS terminals active in its network. As of July 31, 2021, the
NRS POS network included more than 14,000 terminals, an increase from 10,000 a year earlier.
 NRS POS terminal sales and marketing is targeted, in part, to our nationwide network of BOSS Revolution retailers. NRS
also has strategic relationships with more than 100 wholesale distributors including some of the largest cash-and-carry wholesalers in
the United States. 

NRS
generates revenue from a portfolio of services for both retailers and third parties: 

Terminals
 and terminal-based software services : NRS services for retailers include the provision
 of POS terminals. Terminals are typically offered at a discount from the full retail price
 when buyers enroll in NRS payment processing service, NRS PAY. Terminal operators
 pay a monthly software service fee starting at 24.95 per terminal and increasing with premium
 POS feature sets. NRS technology teams based in the United States and Israel develop new
 functionality and feature sets that we believe enable NRS to expand its target market to
 new retail segments. 

Merchant
Services: The substantial majority of merchant services revenue is generated by NRS PAY, which enables retailers to accept and process
payments made by credit cards, debit cards, and electronic benefits transfer. NRS PAY s pricing model does not require a contract,
provides the NRS equipment for free, and does not charge hidden fees. Instead, NRS charges a flat, transparent rate per transaction.
At July 31, 2021, we had over 5,600 NRS PAY customers including more than 1,250 customers added during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 

Display
 Advertising : NRS terminals feature 15 high-definition customer-facing screens
 designed to engage customers during check-out. The screens enable consumer package-good sellers
 and other marketers to offer coupons, deals, and promotions on in-store products through
 static and video advertisements with reach into urban demographic segments. NRS advertising
 offerings participate in the digital out-of-home, or DOOH, advertising market. DOOH is among
 the fastest growing advertising market segments. As it matures, we expect that the DOOH market
 will become increasingly accessible to programmatic advertising buyers, which would enable
 NRS to significantly increase advertising sales. At July 31, 2021, NRS had a DOOH network
 capacity of approximately 13.2 billion impressions per year. NRS sold approximately 9 of
 its available impression capacity in fiscal 2021. 

Data
 Analytics : NRS captures targeted, daily POS data from independent retailers. These retailers
 are concentrated in urban communities with significant immigrant populations and, in the
 aggregate, constitute a significant but largely underserved market for data analysis. NRS
 has built a data platform that allows third parties to analyze purchasing trends at independent
 retailers and gain insights into this important segment of the consumer market. 

The
NRS business supports our BOSS Revolution communications and payment offerings - BOSS Revolution Calling, BOSS Revolution Money Transfer,
and Mobile Top-Up, all of which can be sold and provisioned by retailers directly from their NRS terminals. 

We
believe that NRS competitive advantages include: 

A
 combination of hardware and software specifically designed to meet the unique store-management
 needs of independent retailers; 

An
 engaging 15 hi-definition customer-facing screen at the POS terminal for advertising
 and promotions; 

Focus
 on urban markets with high concentrations of first- and second-generation immigrants that
 provides advertisers and marketers with valuable reach and insight into previously relatively
 opaque communities; 

Partnerships
 to enroll customers through cash-and-carry wholesale distributors including Jetro; 

For
 NRS PAY, simplified, transparent pricing with free card readers, no hidden fees and lower
 total cost to operate than most competitors; and 

For
 NRS PAY, continued conversion of NRS terminal customers. 

5 

NRS 
growth strategy includes: 

Conversion
 of current BOSS Revolution retailers to NRS POS and NRS PAY; 

For
 NRS PAY, conversion of current NRS terminal customers, particularly as contracts expire; 

Expansion
 into new retail markets; 

New
 POS features and functionality; 

Further
 integration with programmatic advertisers; 

Expanding
 NRS internal advertising sales force 

Creation
 of a consumer app; and 

Adding
 provisioning and supply capabilities to NRS salesforce. 

Competition 

NRS
competes against several nationwide POS companies that primarily service other retail store segments, but also service NRS target
market of independent convenience, liquor, and tobacco stores in the United States. These companies include, among others, Square, Clover,
and NCR. We believe that NRS has a competitive advantage because other nationwide POS companies do not offer the complete suite of services
that NRS has tailored to the specific needs of independent retailers. In addition, we believe that these competitors do not have NRS 
focus and marketing reach into these independent stores, often in immigrant communities, where many retailers have established relationships
with us and sell our BOSS Revolution offerings. 

NRS
also competes with smaller, regional POS companies that focus on convenience stores. However, these regional players generally do not
offer a comparable suite of POS services, have limited capacity to scale their platforms, and/or are not price competitive. 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer revenues were 49.6 million in fiscal 2021, an increase of 3 from fiscal 2020. 

International
money remittance is a significant economic activity among our target market of foreign-born communities in the United States. Our BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer business enables our customers in the United States to remit money to third parties in destinations worldwide.
The service is offered directly to consumers via our digital channel including the BOSS Revolution Money app and the BOSS Revolution
consumer website (www.bossrevolution.com) and through our retail channel comprising licensed BOSS Revolution authorized money transfer
agents nationwide. 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer s digital channel is its largest and fastest growing digital channel. During fiscal 2021, over three-quarters
of BOSS Revolution Money Transfer s transactions originated on our digital channels, predominantly in the BOSS Revolution Money
app. The Money app enables customers with a debit or credit card to send money transfers easily and securely directly from their iOS
or Android device. In addition, we have recently added the Money Transfer service within our BOSS Revolution Calling app. 

We
continue to expand our BOSS Revolution Money Transfer customer base by focusing our marketing efforts on converting the large BOSS Revolution
Calling and Mobile Top-Up customer bases, as well as bringing in new customers directly, primarily through attractive fee and foreign
exchange rate offers, to both our direct-to-consumer and retail channels. 

We
also continue to focus on sales through our nationwide network of BOSS Revolution Money Transfer agents. 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer leverages the BOSS Revolution retail network to afford unbanked and underbanked customers the ability to initiate
transactions with cash. In order to provide our remittance service, BOSS Revolution retailers must meet certain financial and other regulatory
qualifications. To date, only a small fraction of BOSS Revolution retailers have been authorized to offer money transfer services. Our
internal sales force recruits new money transfer agents to expand our origination network, and we continue to enhance our retail money
transfer portal to facilitate adoption and utilization of the money transfer offering by BOSS Revolution retailers. 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer s payment network now includes 306,000 payout locations in 37 countries. In addition, remittances are
offered to mobile wallets in some destinations. 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer generates revenues from a per-transaction fee charged to the customer and from foreign exchange differentials.
Our transaction costs include commissions paid to the retail agent, payment to the international disbursing agent, banking, compliance,
foreign currency exchange costs and, in the case of direct-to-consumer transfers, credit and debit card processing fees. 

6 

Competitive
strengths 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer competes in the international money remittance space with both brick and mortar services which
operate primarily in retail locations though owned stores or authorized agents and a growing number of digital-only platforms. Most retailer-based
originators of money transfer have now developed digital capabilities as well. Publicly traded companies in this category include Western
Union, International Money Express, Inc (Intermex), Ria, a subsidiary of Euronet Worldwide, and MoneyGram International, Inc. Money remittance
providers that compete wholly or primarily through digital channels include Xoom (a subsidiary of PayPal), WorldRemit, Remitly, TransferWise
and many others. 

We
believe that BOSS Revolution Money Transfer s competitive strengths include: 

BOSS
 Revolution is an established and trusted brand that has served immigrant communities in the
 United States for over a decade. We spend significantly on BOSS Revolution branded marketing
 to support BOSS Revolution Calling and BOSS Revolution Money Transfer. Through the nationwide
 network of over 35,000 BOSS Revolution retailers, the BOSS Revolution brand has a high-visibility
 storefront presence in many communities with significant immigrant populations. 

The
 BOSS Revolution Money app, which originates most of our money transfers, is a proprietary,
 internally developed, scalable platform that has earned high marks from customers for its
 ease of use, reliability, and customer service. As of October 1, 2021, the app enjoyed a
 favorable 4.8 rating (on a scale of 1-5) on the Apple App Store with over 26,000 reviews,
 and 4.6 rating in Google Play with over 30,000 reviews. 

Our
 nationwide retail channel enables underbanked and unbanked customers to initiate transactions
 with cash at BOSS Revolution Money retailers. 

Its
 comprehensive compliance processes and procedures. 

Its
 experienced management team. 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer s growth strategy includes: 

Expansion
 of its payout network; 

Expansion
 of origination beyond the United States to Canada and United Kingdom and other European countries
 with large immigrant populations; 

Conversion
 of BOSS Revolution Calling and Mobile Top-Up customers to BOSS Revolution Money Transfer; 

Continued
 enhancement to its retailer portal; 

Increase
 the number of its retail agents; and 

Addition
 of new services and offerings. 

Competition 

BOSS
Revolution Money Transfer competes against traditional international money transfer services with established retail and disbursement
networks including Western Union, MoneyGram, Intermex, and Ria, as well as many niche money transfer organizations that serve specific
destination corridors. Our direct-to-consumer channel competes with these operators as well as digital only entrants including Xoom,
Wise, Remitly, and World-Remit that are disrupting the retailer-based money transfer market. We continue to compete successfully in part
by migrating customers from our other BOSS Revolution offerings to BOSS Revolution Money Transfer leveraging our well-regarded BOSS Revolution
brand, insights into our customers, and our cross-marketing capabilities. We compete for customers outside the BOSS Revolution ecosystem
primarily based on brand reputation, low fees, and competitive foreign exchange rates. 

7 

net2phone-UCaaS 

net2phone-UCaaS 
revenues were 43.9 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 31.8 million in fiscal 2020. net2phone-UCaaS loss from operations was
 14.3 million in fiscal 2021 compared to a loss from operations of 15.1 million in fiscal 2020. 

net2phone
launched its UCaaS offering in 2015, leveraging our deep expertise in VoIP communications, established technology team, and global telephony
network. net2phone s UCaaS offering has become its primary growth engine and strategic focus. 

net2phone
enables its customers to transform their communications by leveraging its cloud platform to provide solutions that enable more intelligent,
flexible and adaptive communications. net2phone s flagship unified communications as a service utilizes its cloud platform to provide
conversational continuity across channels from any connected device - tethered or mobile and to measure, manage and analyze those
communications for enhanced insight and productivity. 

net2phone s
offerings include: 

Unified
 Communications as a Service (UCaaS): Business communications globally are rapidly evolving.
 Increasingly sophisticated cloud-based communications solutions are displacing siloed, multi-channel
 solutions and on-premise PBXs, which most businesses operate to support their legacy phone
 systems. net2phone-UCaaS offers unified communications as a cloud-based PBX with advanced
 IP desktop phones and as a bring-your-own-device solution accessed through its integrated
 web portal and mobile app. net2phone-UCaaS service includes multi-channel communications
 with voice management features, unlimited domestic and international calling to over 40 countries,
 robust messaging and chat tools, voicemail to email transcription, client analytics, the
 net2phone Huddle video conferencing service, and reporting and system management capabilities
 accessed through its online console. net2phone-UCaaS service integrates seamlessly with business
 communication platforms (such as Microsoft Teams and Slack), leading customer relationship
 management services (such as SalesForce, Zoho and others) and text-based communications platforms.
 net2phone-UCaaS adds features, enhancements and integrations on a regular basis leveraging
 its agile development philosophy. 

net2phone
 Huddle : net2phone s
 video and audio streaming solution, Huddle, is integrated with and provisioned through its
 unified communications offering. A limited version of Huddle is also offered as a free stand-alone
 service. Huddle delivers a comprehensive feature set including phone dial-in conference options,
 robust user controls, single sign-on, noise cancelation, screen blur, huddle reactions and
 complete on-the-go access. It integrates fully with Google and Microsoft Outlook calendars.
 Conversations on Huddle are secure, and passcode protected. 

Session
 Initiated Protocol (SIP) Trunking : net2phone s SIP Trunking service provides high-quality
 voice channels from net2Phone s expansive VOIP network directly to the client s
 on-premise IP-PBX. net2phone s SIP Trunking service has been certified for compatibility
 with leading IP-PBX vendors such as Avaya and 3CX. 

Cloud
 Contact Center : Through a partnership with Five9, a leading Cloud Contact Center Platform
 provider, net2phone provides a complete unified communications contact center solution. 

net2phone-UCaaS
draws its U.S. and international customers from a range of industries including professional offices, hospitality, construction, insurance,
real estate, retail, technology, and others. From an acquisition perspective, net2phone-UCaaS leverages the channel marketplace and acquires
a substantial majority of its customers through its network of master agents, telecom agents and managed service providers in the United
States, Latin America and Spain. net2phone Canada historically utilized a direct-to-consumer/business channel model. In fiscal 2020,
net2phone Canada launched its channel partner program, leveraging net2phone-UCaaS U.S. channel relationships and experience. In
fiscal 2021, net2phone-UCaaS introduced a direct to business strategy in the United States and several of its other markets. 

net2phone-UCaaS 
value proposition for its channel partners includes streamlined offers with both bundled and unbundled options, extensive customization
capabilities, frictionless and rapid quote generation, and competitive compensation backed by net2phone s dedicated channel
team. For end users, net2phone-UCaaS solution typically replaces on-premise PBX systems. Key differentiators typically include
net2phone-UCaaS advanced feature sets, white glove customer service, integrations with third-party software and deep localization.
In each of net2phone-UCaaS key markets, its global infrastructure and locally based sales and customer support teams enable clients
to retain the look and feel of a localized customer and user experiences with local phone numbers, porting, native language support,
and in-country sales teams. 

net2phone-UCaaS 
marketing to channel partners and end users includes search engine marketing, search engine optimization, third-party lead generation
platforms, social media marketing, and other forms of demand generation. net2phone-UCaaS indirect marketing funnels through its
network of partners, master agencies, and affiliates and includes tradeshows and local events, support for digital marketing and other
forms of demand generation. 

net2phone-UCaaS
differentiates its position in the marketplace by leveraging its international assets which enables net2phone-UCaaS to enter and serve
international markets in North America, Latin America and Europe. Secondly, by owning and managing its proprietary platform, net2phone-UCaaS
is able to release new services and applications with an agile frequency and pace. 

8 

net2phone-UCaaS 
growth strategy includes: 

Channel
 expansion : Traditionally provisioned through channel partners in many of its key markets,
 net2phone-UCaaS is driving expansion with channel partner sales registered via its web-based
 partner portal in all of its markets. net2phone Canada, which previously acquired customers
 direct-to-customer exclusively, is building out its channel partner distribution. 

Expanding
 portfolio of integrations : net2phone-UCaaS continues to expand its portfolio of integrations
 with leading third-party CRMs and text-based business collaboration platforms. net2phone s
 UCaaS offering integrates seamlessly with Google Meet, Microsoft Teams, Zoho, Slack, Zapier
 and Salesforce. 

Continued
 focus on the United States : net2phone-UCaaS continues to outperform with streamlined
 offerings, channel partner expansion, and the development of its direct sales channel to
 serve U.S. markets. 

Leveraging
 regional infrastructure for deep localization : In Latin America, net2phone-UCaaS leverages
 its network infrastructure and regional expertise to provide a truly localized solution supported
 by knowledgeable staff and regional offices in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Peru, and Mexico.
 Latin American markets generally exhibit lower levels of unified communications adoption
 and market leadership than in the United States and Europe. 

One
 World, One Platform : In calendar 2021, net2phone-UCaaS deployed in the United States
 and Brazil a unified cloud-based platform designed to provide its unified communications
 service globally. This single-platform approach will enable a consistent, holistic approach
 to new feature deployment, service upgrades, and marketing. Further deployments in calendar
 2022 are planned for Mexico and one other market in Latin America. 

Competition 

Major
competitors to net2phone-UCaaS offerings include other UCaaS providers such as RingCentral, 8x8, and Vonage, as well as numerous
privately held companies such as Nextiva. Many of these companies offer more widely recognized brands, larger and more developed marketing
and sales forces and/or channel agent networks, and more advanced product sets such as services designed specifically for call centers,
messaging and chat, and solutions customized for specific market segments or verticals. These competitors offerings typically
also support integration of their services with other well-known, third-party CRM vendors as well as with various Google and Microsoft
applications. 

Traditional
Communications 

Our
Traditional Communications segment, which represented 92 and 93 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively,
includes: 

Mobile
 Top-Up, which enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging, and
 data to international and domestic mobile accounts; 

BOSS
 Revolution Calling, an international long-distance calling service marketed primarily to
 immigrant communities in the United States and Canada; 

Carrier
 Services, a wholesale provider of international voice and SMS termination and outsourced
 traffic management solutions to telecoms worldwide; and 

Other,
 small businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses
 in harvest mode. 

During
fiscal 2021, Traditional Communications generated 1,329 million in revenues and income from operations of 80.0 million, as compared
with revenues of 1,254 million and income from operations of 38.9 million in fiscal 2020. 

Mobile
Top-Up 

Mobile
Top-Up s revenues were 461.6 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 334.4 million in fiscal 2020 (34.7 and 26.7 of Traditional
Communications revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively). 

Mobile
Top-Up enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging, and data to recharge or top-up mobile phone
accounts internationally (International Mobile Top-Up, or IMTU) and domestically (Domestic Mobile Top-Up, or DMTU). Mobile Top-Up leverages
our platform capabilities, our distribution reach into foreign-born communities and our relationships with mobile operators around the
world. 

9 

IMTU
and DMTU are sold under the BOSS Revolution brand through the BOSS Revolution digital platforms, including our BOSS Revolution Calling
and BOSS Revolution Money apps. Mobile Top-Up is also sold through our retail network including provisioning directly by retailers using
our digital retailer platform and through mobile operator-branded top-up cards. We offer Mobile Top-Up for approximately 155 different
carriers in 95 countries, primarily in Latin America, the Caribbean and Africa. The substantial majority of Mobile Top-Up s revenue
is generated by the sale of IMTU. 

We
plan to grow Mobile Top-Up via continued growth in the United States and worldwide, expansion into the wholesale market segment and the
addition of new payment products. 

Competition 

The
major competitors to Mobile Top-Up include: 

international
 mobile operators, who seek to control more of their own distribution channel or create their
 own products that directly compete with our Mobile Top-Up; and 

other
 service providers, distributors, and wholesalers, who develop a more comprehensive product
 offering than our Mobile Top-Up or aggressively discount their product offerings. 

We
believe that the competitive advantages of Mobile Top-Up are: 

our
 direct connection to most of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 mobile carriers worldwide that improve
 margins and innovation; 

access
 via stores and apps to the United States, which is the biggest and wealthiest diaspora market
 in the world; and 

our
 strong omni channel approach, which includes our retail partners, directly through our apps
 and website, and the wholesale channel. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling 

BOSS
Revolution Calling s revenues were 455.2 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 468.3 million in fiscal 2020 (34.3 and 37.3 of
Traditional Communications revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively). 

BOSS
Revolution Calling is a prepaid international long-distance calling service marketed primarily to foreign-born and under-banked consumers
in the United States and Canada, and digital only offering in Europe and Australia. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling includes our flagship BOSS Revolution branded international long-distance prepaid calling service as
well as disposable hard cards sold under a variety of brands. In the United States, BOSS Revolution Calling serves, as of July 31, 2021,
approximately 2.8 million customers per month. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling is offered both through our extensive national network of BOSS Revolution retailers and through our digital channel
- the BOSS Revolution Calling app (for iOS and Android) and website. 

The
majority of our customers purchase BOSS Revolution Calling through our nationwide network of BOSS Revolution retailers. At July 31, 2021,
approximately 26,000 retailers per month utilized our digital retailer platform to provision customers, the substantial majority of
whom pay the retailer in cash. In addition, we estimate that approximately 9,000 retailers resell our disposable hard cards without
utilizing our retailer portal. BOSS Revolution retailers are typically independent retailers serving foreign-born communities with significant
unbanked or under-banked populations. 

Usage
of our BOSS Revolution Calling app has been growing consistently. At July 31, 2021, approximately 1.5 million customers per month utilized
the BOSS Revolution Calling app. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling allows users to place international long-distance calls at affordable rates from the BOSS Revolution Calling app or
by calling an access number. Regardless of how the call originates, our customers must first establish and top-up a prepaid BOSS Revolution
account that is linked to their phone. Once the account is established and a call is placed, our platform recognizes the customer s
phone through its network-provided automatic number identification and seamlessly links each call to the corresponding BOSS Revolution
account. Callers then enter their destination phone numbers. BOSS Revolution Calling customers account balances are debited at
a fixed rate per minute or at a fixed amount for calling plans to a specific country over a specified time period. In contrast to certain
of our competitors, BOSS Revolution Calling does not charge connection, usage or breakage fees. BOSS Revolution Calling s per minute
rates vary by the destination country, city, and whether the call is placed to a landline or mobile phone. Rates are published on the
BOSS Revolution consumer website and within the BOSS Revolution Calling app. 

10 

Customers
can open a BOSS Revolution Calling account for free and top-up with a debit or credit card using the BOSS Revolution Calling app, the
BOSS Revolution consumer website (www.bossrevolution.com) or phone, or with cash at any BOSS Revolution retailer. 

In
the United States, we distribute our BOSS Revolution Calling hard cards and other retail products primarily through our network of distributors
that, either directly or through sub-distributors, sell to retail locations. In addition, our internal sales force sells BOSS Revolution
Calling and other platform products directly to retailers. Distributors, our internal salespeople, and retailers receive commissions
based on the revenue generated by each transaction or on a per-transaction basis, depending on the product. 

The
BOSS Revolution digital retailer platform can be accessed by a computer or by Android and iOS smartphones and enables retailers to create
accounts for new customers, add funds to existing customer balances and execute sales transactions. It provides a direct, real-time interface
with our BOSS Revolution retailers, resulting in a cost-effective and adaptable distribution model that allows us to target and promote
services directly to distributors and retailers, to introduce and cross-sell new offerings, and to rapidly respond to changes in the
business environment. 

In
the United States, the BOSS Revolution brand is supported by national, regional, and local marketing programs that include television
and radio advertising, online advertising and grass roots marketing at community and sporting events. In addition, we work closely with
distributors and retailers on in-store promotional programs and events. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling s sales have traditionally been, and continue to be, strongest in the Northeastern United States and in Florida
because of our extensive local distribution network and their large foreign-born populations. We continue to grow BOSS Revolution Calling s
distributor relationships and expand BOSS Revolution Calling s retail network in other areas of the United States and Canada, including
the Southwest and West Coast, where BOSS Revolution Calling historically has not had as strong of a market presence. 

Competition 

BOSS
Revolution Calling is subject to fierce competition, and we do not expect to grow revenues and/or margins without a successful strategy
and sound execution. While virtually any company offering communication services is a competitor, we face particularly strong competition
from Tier 1 mobile network operators who offer flat-rate international calling plans, other PIN-less prepaid voice offerings, prepaid
calling card providers, mobile virtual network operators, and VoIP and other over the top , or OTT, service providers. Outside
the United States, we also compete with large state-owned or state-sanctioned telephone companies. 

Many
of these companies, such as AT T, Verizon, and T-Mobile, are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical, engineering,
personnel, and marketing resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition, and larger customer bases than we do. We may
not be able to compete successfully if one or more of these companies use their substantial resources in or to affect the international
prepaid calling market. 

In
addition to these larger competitors, we face significant competition from smaller prepaid calling providers. 

From
time-to-time, competitors offer rates that are substantially below ours to gain market share. In some instances, these rates are below
what we believe to be the cost to provide the service. This predatory pricing can adversely affect our revenues and our gross margins. 

The
continued growth of OTT calling and messaging services such WhatsApp, Viber, Skype, and many others have adversely affected the sales
of BOSS Revolution Calling and our other prepaid calling services. We expect the popularity of these IP-based services many of
which offer free voice and/or video communications provided both the caller and recipient have a broadband connection to continue
to increase, which will increase substitution for, and pricing pressure on, our BOSS Revolution Calling and other international prepaid
calling offerings. 

Many
mobile operators offer unlimited international long-distance plans that include international destinations to which customers can place
direct calls from their mobile phones without time limitation. These plans now include some of our most popular international destinations.
The growth of these international unlimited plans adversely affects our revenues as these operators gain subscriber market
share. 

11 

Our
ability to compete successfully against these various operators and service providers stems from several factors, including: 

our
 interconnect and termination agreements, network infrastructure, and least-cost-routing system
 enable us to offer low-cost, high-quality services; 

our
 continued innovating with new plans tailored to the specific needs of different corridors
 and finding new ways of delivering more value to the consumers striving to connect with third
 parties around the globe; 

our
 extensive distribution and retail networks provide us with a strong presence in communities
 of foreign-born residents, a significant portion of which purchase our services with cash; 

continued
 migration of our customers to our digital platform including the BOSS Revolution Calling
 app; 

our
 BOSS Revolution brand is often highly visible in these communities and has a reputation for
 quality service and competitive, transparent pricing; and 

our
 offering of synergistic mobile top-up and payment services over the BOSS Revolution platform
 that customers can conveniently access from their accounts. 

Our
ability to maintain and/or to capture additional market share will remain dependent upon our ability to continue to provide competitively
priced services, to maintain our distribution and retail networks, to increase usage through the BOSS Revolution Calling app, and to
innovate new products and services to fit the evolving needs of our customers. 

Carrier
Services 

Carrier
Services revenues were 361.0 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 394.3 million in fiscal 2020, contributing 27.2 and 31.4 of
Traditional Communications revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Our
Carrier Services business is one of the largest wholesale carriers of international long-distance minutes in the world. 

Carrier
Services telecommunications network is comprised of interconnections and commercial relationships that reach virtually every significant
telecom operator globally. These relationships enable us to carry international telecommunications traffic to more than 200 countries
around the world. Carrier Services customers include our BOSS Revolution Calling and net2phone businesses, major and niche carriers
around the globe, mobile network operators, and other service providers such as call aggregators. For many of these customers, particularly
the major carriers, we engage in buy-sell relationships, terminating their customers traffic in exchange for terminating our traffic
with them. 

Carrier
Services offers competitively priced international termination rates at several quality levels. We can offer competitively priced termination
services in part because of the large volumes of originating minutes generated by our BOSS Revolution Calling business, our global platform
powered by proprietary software, our team of professional and experienced account managers and market makers, and the global network
of interconnections and relationships with other telecom system operators around the globe. Carrier Services are marketed and sold through
our internal account management team and the IDT Express digital portal. 

Traditional
Communications terminated 15.1 billion minutes in fiscal 2021, as compared to 19.4 billion minutes in fiscal 2020. Carrier
Services accounted for 10.5 billion minutes and 14.4 billion minutes of the total Traditional Communications minutes in fiscal
2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Carrier
Services has a significant number of direct connections to Tier 1 providers in North America, Latin America, Asia, Africa, Europe and
the Middle East. Tier 1 providers are the largest recognized licensed carriers in a country. Direct connections improve the quality of
the telephone calls and reduce the cost, thereby enabling us to generate more traffic with higher margins to the associated foreign locales.
We also have direct relationships with mobile network operators, reflecting their growing share of the voice traffic market. 

Termination
rates charged by Tier 1 and other providers of international long-distance traffic have been declining for many years. Nevertheless,
termination rates charged to us by individual Tier 1 carriers and mobile operators can be volatile. Termination price volatility on heavily
trafficked routes can significantly impact our minutes of use and wholesale revenues. 

In
addition to offering competitive rates to our carrier customers, we emphasize our ability to offer the high-quality connections that
these providers often require. To that end, we offer higher-priced services in which we provide higher-quality connections, based upon
a set of predetermined quality of service criteria. These services meet a growing need for higher-quality connections for some of our
customers who provide services to high-value, quality-conscious retail customers. As of July 31, 2021, Carrier Services had more than
1,900 customers and had more than 325 carrier relationships globally. 

12 

Carrier
Services revenues are generated by sales to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Postpaid customers typically include Tier 1 carriers,
mobile network operators and our most credit worthy customers. The majority of Carrier Services prepaid customers connect via
our IDT Express portal. IDT Express focuses on delivering wholesale voice and direct inward dialing, or DID, services to small and medium
size businesses domestically and internationally. IDT Express offers the convenience of a mobile self-service portal paired with dedicated
account managers, all backed by customer support that is always available. Prepaid customers are typically smaller telecommunication
companies as well as independent call aggregators. 

Carrier
Services also provide outsourcing services to help fixed and mobile telephony operators enhance the profitability and value of their
international voice operations. Carrier Services offers these operators customized solutions, including full outsourcing, handing all
inbound and outbound calls with or without switch management, and hybrid arrangements whereby the operator retains certain routes or
customers directly. Pursuant to these deals, Carrier Services collaborates with the companies to provide a full range of international
long-distance services to their respective customers in-country and overseas. 

Carrier
Services is subject to intense revenue and margin pressure as communications globally continues to transition away from international
voice calling to video conferencing and other collaboration platforms, low-cost or free messaging services, free peer-to-peer voice calls
available when both parties utilize broadband connections, and flat-rate international long-distance plans offered both by the largest
mobile network operators and niche mobile virtual network operators. 

Competition 

The
wholesale carrier industry has numerous entities competing for the same customers, primarily based on price and quality of service. 

Carrier
Services participates in a global marketplace with: 

interexchange
 carriers and other long-distance resellers and providers, including large carriers such as
 T-Mobile, AT T, and Verizon; 

historically
 state-owned or state-sanctioned telephone companies such as Telefonica, Orange SA, and KDDI; 

on-line,
 spot-market trading exchanges for voice minutes; 

OTT
 internet telephony providers; 

other
 VoIP providers; 

other
 providers of international long-distance services; and 

alliances
 between large multinational carriers that provide wholesale carrier services. 

We
believe that Carrier Services derives a competitive advantage from several inter-related factors: 

our
 BOSS Revolution Calling business generates large volumes of originating minutes, which represents
 a desirable, negotiable asset that helps us win return traffic and obtain beneficial pricing
 which we can offer in the wholesale arena; 

the
 proprietary technologies powering our Carrier Services platform and, in particular,
 the software that drives VoIP enables us to scale up at a lower cost than many of our competitors; 

our
 professional and experienced account management; and 

our
 extensive network of interconnects around the globe, with the ability to connect in whichever
 format (IP or TDM) is most feasible. 

We
believe that these factors provide Carrier Services with a competitive advantage over some participants on certain routes. 

13 

Communications
and Payment Network Infrastructure and Technology Development 

We
operate a global network to provide an array of telecommunications and payment services to our customers worldwide using a combination
of proprietary and third-party applications. Proprietary applications include call routing and rating, customer provisioning, call management,
e-commerce sites and digital platforms, product web pages, calling card features, and payment services features. Proprietary applications
provide the flexibility to adapt to evolving marketplace demands without third-party software releases, and often provide advantages
in capability or cost over third-party solutions. 

Our
core voice network utilizes VoIP and is interconnected, where needed, through gateways to time-division multiplexing, or TDM, networks
worldwide. This hybrid IP/TDM capability allows us to interface with carriers using the lowest cost technology protocol available. To
support our global reach, we operate voice switches and/or points of presence in the United States, Europe, South America, Asia, and
Australia. We receive and terminate voice traffic from every country in the world, including cellular, landline, and satellite calls
through direct and indirect interconnects. The network includes data centers located in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Hong
Kong, which house equipment used for both our voice and payment services, with smaller points of presence in several other countries.
Our global network is monitored and operated on a continual basis by our Network Operations Center in the United States. We also make
use of one of the leading cloud providers to serve as host for some of our application infrastructure. 

Our
technology organization is responsible for the design, development, testing, and delivery of new technologies and features of our products
and services, as well as the continued improvement and iteration of our existing products and services. It is also responsible for operating
and scaling our proprietary calling and payment services platforms including the underlying cloud infrastructure. Our research and development
investments seek to drive core technology innovation and bring new products and services to the market. Research and development employees
are located in our Newark office, as well as remotely distributed. Our research and development team consist of our software engineering,
product management, quality engineering, voice engineering, business intelligence, systems and development operations teams. We intend
to continue to invest in our research and development capabilities to extend our products and services. 

Our
technology organization uses a number of key performance indicators to track service quality. As of July 31, 2021, our technology organization
has improved our aggregate service uptime from approximately 99.9 in fiscal 2020 to approximately 99.92 for fiscal 2021. As of July
31, 2021, the defect escape ratio, a measure of quality engineering was improved for our flagship BOSS Revolution brand from 8.5 in
fiscal 2020 to 5 in fiscal 2021, meaning more than 95 of product defects were detected and fixed before being released to our customers. 

Our
product offerings and go-to-market strategy continue to evolve, and we expect our product offerings to continue to become available to
customers at more frequent intervals than our historical release cycles. Our Agile development methodology is characterized by a dynamic
development process with more frequent revisions to a product release s features and functions as the software is being developed.
In addition, we have implemented a holistic portfolio management process, which has improved transparency and efficiency across the portfolio
through a recurring cadence of business reviews. 

REGULATION 

The
following summary of regulatory developments and legislation is intended to describe what we believe to be the most important, but not
all, current and proposed international, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, orders, and legislation that are likely to materially
affect us. 

Regulation
of Telecom in the United States 

Telecommunications
services are subject to extensive government regulation at both the federal and state levels in the United States. Any violations of
the regulations may subject us to enforcement actions, including interest and penalties. The Federal Communications Commission, or FCC,
has jurisdiction over all telecommunication s common carriers to the extent they provide interstate or international communications
services, including the use of local networks to originate or terminate such services. Each state regulatory commission has jurisdiction
over the same carriers with respect to their provision of local and intrastate communications services. Local governments often indirectly
regulate aspects of our communications business by imposing zoning requirements, taxes, permit or right-of-way procedures or franchise
fees. Significant changes to the applicable laws or regulations imposed by any of these regulators could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

14 

Regulation
of Telecom by the Federal Communications Commission 

In
1997, the FCC issued an order, referred to as the Universal Service Order, that requires all telecommunications carriers providing interstate
telecommunications services to contribute to universal service support programs administered by the FCC (known as the Universal Service
Fund). In addition, beginning in October 2006, interconnected VoIP providers, such as our subsidiary net2phone, are required to contribute
to the Universal Service Fund. These periodic contributions are currently assessed based on a percentage of each contributor s
interstate and international end user telecommunications revenues reported to the FCC. We also contribute to several other regulatory
funds and programs, most notably Telecommunications Relay Service, FCC Regulatory Fees, and Local Number Portability (collectively, the
Other Funds). We and most of our competitors pass through Universal Service Fund and Other Funds contributions as part of the price of
our services, either as part of the base rate or, to the extent allowed, as a separate surcharge on customer bills. Due to the manner
in which these contributions are calculated, we cannot be assured that we fully recover from our customers all of our contributions.
In addition, based on the nature of our current business, we receive certain exemptions from federal Universal Service Fund contributions.
Changes in our business could eliminate our ability to qualify for some or all of these exemptions. As a result, our ability to pursue
certain new business opportunities in the future may be constrained in order to maintain these exemptions, the elimination of which could
materially affect the rates we would need to charge for existing services. Changes in regulation may also have an impact on the availability
of some or all of these exemptions. If even some of these exemptions become unavailable, they could materially increase our federal Universal
Service Fund or Other Funds contributions and have a material adverse effect on the cost of our operations and, therefore, on
our ability to continue to operate profitably, and to develop and grow our business. We cannot be certain of the stability of the contribution
factors for the Other Funds. Significant increases in the contribution factor for the Other Funds in general and the Telecommunications
Relay Service Fund in particular can impact our profitability. Whether these contribution factors will be stable in the future is unknown,
but it is possible that we will be subject to significant increases. 

Regulation
of Telecom by State Public Utility Commissions 

Our
telecommunications services that originate and terminate within the same state, including both local and in-state long distance services
are subject to the jurisdiction of that state s public utility commission. The Communications Act of 1934, as amended, generally
preempts state statutes and regulations that prevent the provision of competitive services but permits state public utility commissions
to regulate the rates, terms and conditions of intrastate services, so long as such regulation is not inconsistent with the requirements
of federal law. We are certified to provide facilities-based and/or resold long-distance service in all 50 states and facilities-based
and resold local exchange service in 45 states. In addition to requiring certification, state regulatory authorities may impose tariff
and filing requirements, consumer protection measures, and obligations to contribute to universal service and other funds. Rates for
intrastate switched access services, which we both pay to local exchange companies and collect from long-distance companies for terminating
in-state toll calls, are subject to the jurisdiction of the state commissions. State commissions also have jurisdiction to approve negotiated
rates, or establish rates through arbitration, for interconnection, including rates for unbundled network elements. Changes in those
access charges or rates for unbundled network elements could have a substantial and material impact on our business. 

Regulation
of Telecom International 

In
connection with our international operations, we have obtained licenses or are otherwise authorized to provide telecommunications services
in various foreign countries. We have obtained licenses or authorizations in Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Denmark,
Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom,
and Uruguay. In numerous countries where we operate or plan to operate, we are subject to many local laws and regulations that, among
other things, may restrict or limit the ability of telecommunications companies to provide telecommunications services in competition
with state-owned or state-sanctioned dominant carriers. 

Regulation
of Internet Telephony 

The
use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide voice communications services is generally less regulated than traditional switch-based
telephony within the United States and abroad and, in many markets, is not subject to the imposition of certain taxes and fees that increase
our costs. As a result, we are able, in many markets, to offer VoIP communications services at rates that are more attractive than those
applicable to traditional telephone services. However, in the U.S. and abroad, there have been efforts by legislatures and regulators
to harmonize the regulatory structures between traditional switch-based telephony and VoIP. This could result in additional fees, charges,
taxes and regulations on IP communications services that could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive
pricing advantages. Additionally, several foreign governments have adopted laws and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the
provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private IP networks. These efforts could likewise harm our ability to
offer VoIP communications services. 

Money
Transmitter and Payment Instrument Laws and Regulations 

Our
consumer payment services offerings include money transfer and various network branded, also called open loop , prepaid
card offerings. These industries are heavily regulated. Accordingly, we, and the products and services that we market in consumer payment
services, are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including: 

Banking
 laws and regulations; 

Money
 transmitter and payment instrument laws and regulations; 

15 

Anti-money
 laundering laws; 

Privacy
 and data security laws and regulations; 

Consumer
 protection laws and regulations; 

Unclaimed
 property laws; and 

Card
 association and network organization rules. 

In
connection with the development of our money transmission services and the expansion of our network branded prepaid card offerings, we
have actively pursued our own money transmitter licenses. At July 31, 2021, we had received a money transmitter license in 48 of the
49 U.S. states that require such a license, as well as in Puerto Rico and Washington, D.C. 

Regulation
of Other Businesses 

We
operate other smaller or early-stage initiatives and operations, which may be subject to federal, state, local or foreign law and regulation. 

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY 

We
own numerous patents, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively
pursue the filing and registration of patents, domain names, trademarks, and service marks to protect our intellectual property rights
within the United States and abroad; in particular our registered trademarks and brands: IDT , BOSS Revolution , and net2phone .
From time to time we have also acquired or licensed intellectual property relating to present and future business strategy. We believe
that our technological position significantly depends on the technical experience, expertise, and creative ability of our employees to
maintain both our current businesses and pursue future business development. Our corporate policies require all employees to assign intellectual
property rights developed in the scope of, or in relation to our business to us, and to protect all intellectual property and proprietary
information and materials as confidential. 

Our
global telecommunications switching and transmission infrastructure enables us to provide an array of telecommunications, Internet access
and Internet telephony services to our customers worldwide. We rely upon domestic and foreign patents, patent applications, and other
intellectual property rights, regarding our infrastructure and global telecommunication network for our international telecommunications
traffic and the international traffic of other telecommunications companies. 

EMPLOYEES 

As
of October 1, 2021, we had a total of approximately1,650 employees, of which approximately 1,640 were full-time employees. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

RISK
FACTORS 

Our
business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks as well as the
other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document, particularly the discussions about regulation, competition, and intellectual property.
The trading price of our Class B common stock could decline due to any of these risks. 

Risks
Related to Our Businesses 

Each
of our BOSS Revolution Calling and Carrier Services businesses is highly sensitive to declining prices, which may adversely affect our
revenues and margins. 

The
worldwide telecommunications industry is characterized by intense price competition, which has resulted in declines in both our average
per-minute price realizations and our average per-minute termination costs. Many of our competitors continue to aggressively price their
services. The intense competition has led to continued erosion in our pricing power, in both our retail and wholesale markets, and we
have generally had to pass along all or some of the savings we achieve on our per-minute costs to our customers in the form of lower
prices. In the case of some international calling locations, when average per minute termination cost decline to a nominal amount, indirect
competitors, such as wireless carriers, may include calls to those locations at no extra cost, which increases our risk of losing customers.
Any price increase by either our BOSS Revolution Calling, or Carrier Services business may result in our prices not being as attractive,
which may result in a reduction of revenue. If these trends in pricing continue or accelerate, it could have a material adverse effect
on the revenues generated by our BOSS Revolution Calling and Carrier Services businesses and/or our gross margins. 

16 

Our
results of operations are significantly dependent upon BOSS Revolution Calling, which generates a significant portion of our revenue. 

We
compete in the international prepaid calling market with Tier 1 mobile network operators who offer flat rate international calling plans,
other PIN-less prepaid voice offerings, prepaid calling card providers, mobile virtual network operators, and VoIP and other OTT service
providers. Many of these companies, such as AT T, Verizon, and T-Mobile, are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical,
engineering, personnel, and marketing resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition, and larger customer bases than
we do. We may not be able to compete successfully if one or more of these companies use their substantial resources in or to affect the
international prepaid calling market. 

In
addition to these larger competitors, we face significant competition from smaller prepaid calling providers. 

From
time-to-time, competitors offer rates that are substantially below ours to gain market share. In some instances, these rates are below
what we believe to be the cost to provide the service. This predatory pricing can adversely affect our revenues and our gross margins. 

The
continued growth of OTT calling and messaging services, such as WhatsApp Viber, Skype and others have adversely affected the sales of
BOSS Revolution Calling. We expect the popularity of IP-based services many of which offer free voice and/or video communications
provided both the caller and recipient have a broadband connection to continue to increase, which will increase substitution for,
and pricing pressure on, BOSS Revolution Calling. 

Many
wireless operators offer unlimited international long-distance plans that include international destinations to which customers can place
direct calls from their mobile phones without time limitation. These plans now include some of our most popular international destinations.
The growth of these international unlimited plans adversely affects our revenues as these operators gain subscriber market
share from BOSS Revolution Calling. 

If
we are unable to compete effectively with BOSS Revolution Calling, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, gross margins
and/or profits. 

We
may not be able to obtain sufficient or cost-effective termination capacity to particular destinations, which could adversely affect
our revenues and profits. 

Most
of our telecommunications traffic is terminated through third-party providers. In order to support our minutes of use demands and geographic
footprint, we may need to obtain additional termination capacity or destinations. We may not be able to obtain sufficient termination
capacity from high-quality carriers to particular destinations or may have to pay significant amounts to obtain such capacity. This could
result in our not being able to support our minutes of use demands or in higher cost-per-minute to particular destinations, which could
adversely affect our revenues and profits. 

The
termination of our carrier agreements with partners or our inability to enter into carrier agreements in the future could materially
and adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our revenues and profits. 

We
rely upon our carrier agreements with partners in order to provide our telecommunications services to our customers. These carrier agreements
are for finite terms and, therefore, there can be no guarantee that these agreements will be renewed at all or on favorable terms to
us. Our ability to compete would be adversely affected if our carrier agreements were terminated or we were unable to enter into carrier
agreements in the future to provide our telecommunications services to our customers, which could result in a reduction of our revenues
and profits. 

Our
customers, particularly our Carrier Services customers, could experience financial difficulties, which could adversely affect our revenues
and profitability if we experience difficulties in collecting our receivables. 

As
a provider of international long-distance services, we depend upon sales of transmission and termination of traffic to other long-distance
providers and the collection of receivables from these customers. The wholesale telecommunications market continues to feature many smaller,
less financially stable companies. If weakness in the telecommunications industry or the global economy reduces our ability to collect
our accounts receivable from our major customers, particularly our wholesale customers, our profitability may be substantially reduced.
While our most significant customers, from a revenue perspective, vary from quarter to quarter, our five largest Carrier Services customers
collectively accounted for 4.5 and 6.5 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. Our Carrier Services customers
with the five largest receivables balances collectively accounted for 8.8 and 13.3 of our total gross trade accounts receivable at
July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This concentration of revenues and receivables increases our exposure to non-payment by our larger
customers, and we may experience significant write-offs if any of our large customers fail to pay their outstanding balances, which could
adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

17 

Our
revenues and profits will suffer if our distributors and sales representatives fail to effectively market and distribute our BOSS Revolution
and Mobile Top-Up products and services. 

We
rely on our distributors and representatives to market and distribute our BOSS Revolution products and services, and our Mobile Top-Up
offerings. We utilize a network of several hundred sub-distributors that sell our BOSS Revolution products and services and our Mobile
Top-Up offerings to retail outlets throughout most of the United States. If our distributors or sales representatives fail to effectively
market or distribute our BOSS Revolution products and services, or our Mobile Top-Up offerings, our ability to generate revenues and
profits and grow our customer base in these products and services could be substantially impaired. 

Natural
or man-made disasters could have an adverse effect on our technological infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition. 

Natural
disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war, cyberattacks or other breaches of network or information technology security may cause equipment
failures or disrupt our operations. Although we make significant efforts towards managing disaster
recovery and business continuity plans, our inability to operate our telecommunications networks because of such events, even
for a limited period of time, may result in loss of revenue, significant expenses and/or loss of market share to other communications
providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Certain
functions related to our business depend on a single supplier or small group of suppliers to carry out our business, and the inability
to do business with some or all of these suppliers could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

If
the services of any of the single suppliers or small group of suppliers, including, without limitation, software from third-party service
providers used in certain of our products and services, that we depend on were unavailable, or available only in decreased capacity or
at less advantageous terms, this could result in interruptions to our ability to provide certain services, could cause reduction in service
and/or quality as the function is transitioned to an alternate provider, if an alternate provider is available, or could increase our
cost, which in the current competitive environment, we may not be able to pass along to customers. Accordingly, any of these events could
materially and negatively impact our business, our revenues, our profits, and our relationships with customers. 

Cyberattacks
impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Cyberattacks,
including through the use of malware, ransomware, computer viruses, denial of services attacks, credential harvesting, social engineering
and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to or disrupting the operation of our networks and systems and those of our suppliers,
vendors and other service providers, could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyberattacks may cause equipment failures, loss of
information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees or valuable technical and marketing information, as well
as disruptions to our or our customers operations. Furthermore, ransomware could potentially deny the use of our systems until
a ransom is paid. Cyberattacks against companies, including us, have increased in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years.
They may occur alone or in conjunction with physical attacks, especially where disruption of service is an objective of the attacker.
The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating to address
their increasing prevalence and sophistication. While, to date, we have not been subject to cyberattacks that, individually or in the
aggregate, have been material to our operations or financial condition, the preventive actions we take to reduce the risks associated
with cyberattacks, including protection of our systems and networks, may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a cyberattack
in the future. 

The
inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors and other service providers as a result of cyberattacks,
even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses to us and/or a loss of market share. The costs associated with
a major cyberattack on us could include expensive incentives offered to existing customers and business partners to retain their business,
increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption and litigation.
Further, certain of our businesses, such as those offering cloud services to business customers, could be negatively affected if our
ability to protect our own networks and systems is called into question as a result of a cyberattack. In addition, a compromise of security
or a theft or other compromise of valuable information, such as financial data and sensitive or private personal information, could result
in lawsuits and government claims, investigations or proceedings. Any of these occurrences could damage our reputation, adversely impact
customer and investor confidence and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 

We
could be harmed by network disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure and
related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers, which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition, and cash flows. 

To
be successful, we need to continue to have available, for our and our customers use, a high-capacity, reliable and secure network.
We face the risk, as does almost any company, of a security breach, whether through cyberattacks, malware, computer viruses, sabotage,
or other significant disruption of our IT infrastructure and related systems. As such, there is a risk of a security breach or disruption
of the systems we operate, including possible unauthorized access to our and our customers proprietary or classified information. 

18 

We
are also subject to breaches of our network resulting in unauthorized utilization of our services or products, which subject us to the
costs of providing those products or services, which are likely not recoverable. The secure maintenance and transmission of our and our
customer s information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and
transmit customer information, or those of service providers or business partners, may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration
of our network security, or that of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions
or inactions by our employees, or those of a third-party service provider or business partner. As a result, our or our customers 
information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without the customers consent, or our products and services may be used
without payment. 

Although
we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and systems, there can be no assurance
that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or
damaging, especially in light of the growing sophistication of cyberattacks and intrusions sponsored
by state or other interests . We may be unable to anticipate all potential types of attacks or intrusions or to implement adequate
security barriers or other preventative measures. Certain of our business units have been the subject of attempted and successful cyberattacks
in the past. We have researched the situations and do not believe any material internal or customer information has been compromised. 

Network
disruptions, security breaches and other significant failures of the above-described systems could (i) disrupt the proper functioning
of our networks and systems and therefore our operations or those of certain of our customers; (ii) result in the unauthorized use of
our services or products without payment, (iii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation
or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers, including trade secrets,
which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; (iv) require
significant management attention or financial resources to remedy the damages that result or to change our systems and processes; (v)
subject us to claims for contract breach, damages, credits, fines, penalties, termination or other remedies; or (vi) result in a loss
of business, damage our reputation among our customers and the public generally, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose
us to litigation. Any or all of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

We
rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our
corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

We
believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts
of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain
highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization, in particular our technology and software engineering organization. Competition
for qualified technology and engineering employees is intense and our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting
new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability
to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

New
and existing technologies could affect our ability to track the results of ads and/or could block ads online, which would harm our business. 

Technologies
have been developed to make tracking the results of our online advertisements more difficult or to block the display of advertisements
altogether and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the core functionality of
third-party digital advertising. A significant portion of our revenues are derived from customers acquired in connection with the display
of advertisements online. As a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results. 

The
long-term success of NRS depends on our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for POS products
and services, and, if we are not able to implement successful enhancements and new features for our products and services, our business
could be materially and adversely affected. 

Rapid
and significant technological changes continue to confront the POS market. These new services and technologies may be superior to, impair,
or render obsolete the POS products and services that NRS currently offers or the technologies NRS currently uses to provide them. Incorporating
new technologies into NRS POS products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and NRS may
not be successful in realizing a return on these development efforts in a timely manner or at all. NRS ability to develop new
products and services may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, existing and future laws and regulations, resistance to change from
our customers, which includes our sellers and their buyers, or third parties intellectual property rights. NRS success
will depend, in part, on its ability to develop new technologies and to adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards.
If NRS is unable to provide enhancements and new features for our products and services or to develop new products and services that
achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments and evolving industry standards, our business would
be materially and adversely affected. 

19 

Substantial
and increasingly intense competition in the POS industry may harm NRS business. 

NRS
competes in the POS market that is characterized by vigorous competition, changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing
customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing
and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services. NRS competes against many companies to attract customers, and
some of these companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger bases of customers than NRS does, which may provide
them with significant competitive advantages. These companies may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of
products and services, may achieve economies of scale due to the size of their customer bases, and may more effectively introduce their
own innovative products and services that adversely impacts NRS growth. Currently, we believe that we have a competitive advantage
because of our focus and marketing reach into independent stores, often in immigrant communities in the United States. If some or all
of our competitors focus additional resources on those customers, NRS growth may slow, or we may lose customers due to the competition.
Mergers and acquisitions by these companies may lead to even larger competitors with more resources. 

NRS
may also face pricing pressures from competitors. Some potential competitors are able to offer lower prices to sellers for similar services
by subsidizing their payments services through other services they offer. Such competition may result in the need for NRS to alter the
pricing that it offers and could reduce our gross profit. 

If
NRS fails to convince brands of the benefits of advertising on its platform, our business could be harmed. 

NRS 
strategy includes increasing its revenues from brand advertising. Brands may not do business with NRS or may reduce the amounts they
are willing to spend to advertise if NRS does not deliver ads, and other commercial content and marketing programs in an effective manner,
or if they do not believe that their investment in advertising with NRS will generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives.
NRS ability to grow the number of brands that use its brand advertising, and ultimately to generate advertising and marketing
services revenues, depends on a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If NRS fails to convince brands of the benefits
of advertising on its platform, our business could be harmed. 

If
we are unable to ensure that certain of our services and hardware, particularly those of NRS and net2phone, integrate with third-party
operating systems and devices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Certain
of our products and services, particularly those offered by NRS and net2phone, are dependent on the ability to integrate with a variety
of third-party operating systems and devices that we do not control. Any changes in these systems that degrade the functionality of these
products and services, impose additional costs or requirements on it, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including
their own services, could materially and adversely affect usage of certain of our products and services particularly those offered by
NRS and net2phone. If we are unable to ensure that our hardware and software continue to interoperate effectively or if doing so is costly,
our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

If
net2phone fails to adapt its products and services to rapid changes in the market for cloud communications services, then its products
and services could become obsolete or less competitive. 

The
market for net2phone s products and services is constantly and rapidly evolving as its competitors introduce new and enhanced products
and services and react to changes in the cloud communications services industry and customer demands. net2phone may not be able to develop
or acquire new products and services or product and service enhancements that compete effectively with present or emerging cloud communication
services and technologies. In addition, net2phone may not be able to establish or maintain strategic alliances that will permit enhancement
opportunities or innovative distribution methods for its products and services. 

Cloud
communications services are complex, and new products and enhancements to existing products can require long development and testing
periods. Any delays in developing and releasing new or enhanced products could cause net2phone to lose revenue opportunities and customers.
Any technical flaws in products net2phone releases could diminish the quality and innovative impact of the products and have a negative
effect on customer adoption and its reputation. 

net2phone
is also subject to the risk of future disruptive technologies. New products based on new technologies or new industry standards could
render its existing products obsolete and unmarketable. If new technologies develop that can deliver competing voice, video, and messaging
services at lower prices, better or more conveniently, it could have a material adverse effect on net2phone and us. 

20 

net2phone s
success in the cloud communications market for business services depends in part on developing and maintaining effective distribution
channels. The failure to develop and maintain these channels could materially and adversely affect its business. 

A
significant portion of net2phone s revenues are generated through indirect channel sales. These channels consist of third-party
channel partners and value-added distributors that market and sell net2phone s products and services to business customers. These
channels may generate an increasing portion of net2phone s revenues in the future. Generally, net2phone does not have long-term
contracts with these third-party channel partners and value-added distributors, and the loss of or reduction in sales through these third
parties could materially reduce its revenues. net2phone also competes for preference amongst its current or potential channel partners
with its competitors. net2phone s continued success requires that it continue developing and maintaining successful relationships
with these third-party channel partners and value-added distributors. If net2phone fails to do so, or if its channel partners are not
successful in their sales efforts, its sales may decrease, and its and our operating results would suffer. 

As
the cloud communications market evolves, and the convergence of voice, video, messaging, mobility, and data networking technologies accelerates,
net2phone may face competition in the future from companies that do not currently compete in the cloud communications services market. 

As
the cloud communications market evolves, combining voice, video and messaging with data networks, information technology and communication
applications, an opportunity is created for new competitors to enter the cloud communications services market and offer competing products,
including companies that currently compete in other sectors, companies that serve consumers rather than business customers, or companies
which expand their market presence to include business communications. This potential competition may take many forms and may offer products
and applications similar to net2phone s. If new competitors emerge, the cloud communications services market will become increasingly
competitive, and net2phone may not be able to maintain or improve its market position. net2phone s failure to do so could materially
and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We
could fail to comply with requirements imposed on us by certain third parties, including regulators, which could have a materially adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition, revenues, and profits. 

A
significant and increasing portion of our transactions are processed using debit cards, credit cards, and other digital payment methods.
The banks, credit card companies, networks, and other payment processing providers impose strict regulatory, compliance, system, and
other requirements to participate in such parties payment systems. We are required to comply with the privacy provisions of various
federal and state privacy statutes and regulations, and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI DSS, each of which is
subject to change at any time. Compliance with PCI DSS does not guarantee a completely secure environment and notwithstanding the results
of this assessment there can be no assurance that payment card brands will not request further compliance assessments or set forth additional
requirements to maintain access to credit card processing services. Compliance with PCI DSS is an ongoing effort, and the requirements
evolve as new threats are identified. Compliance with these requirements is often difficult and costly, and our failure, or our counterparty s
failure, to comply may result in significant fines or civil penalties, regulatory enforcement action, liability under or termination
of necessary agreements related to our payment services business, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
position and/or operations and that of our distributors who could be liable as well. Further, our payment services are subject to stringent
requirements by regulators and trade organizations in various jurisdictions. Our payment services unit is subject to federal and state
banking regulations, and we are also subject to further regulation by those states in which we are licensed as a money transmitter. We
may not be able to comply with all such requirements in a timely manner or remain in compliance. If we are not in compliance, we could
be subject to penalties or the termination of our rights to participate in such payment systems or provide such services, which could
have a material negative impact on our ability to grow our businesses and our revenues and profits. 

Our
business, results of operation and financial condition could be adversely affected by the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and the restrictions
put in place in connection therewith. 

We
are responding to the global outbreak of COVID-19 by taking steps to mitigate the potential risks to us posed by its spread and the impact
of the restrictions put in place by governments to protect the population. We continue to execute our business continuity plan and have
implemented a comprehensive set of actions for the health and safety of our employees, customers, and business partners. Our employees
transitioned to work-from-home during fiscal 2020 and, to a large degree, continue to work-from-home. Beginning in the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2021, certain of our employees returned to our offices on a part-time basis. 

We
continue to implement strong physical and cyber-security measures to ensure our systems remain functional to both serve our operational
needs with a remote workforce and to provide uninterrupted service to our customers. We face challenges due to the need to operate with
the remote workforce and are addressing those challenges to minimize the impact on our ability to operate. 

21 

The
impacts of COVID-19 and related public health restrictions had a mixed, but, in the aggregate, positive financial impact on our business,
operations and financial condition. Negative impacts of COVID-19 on our business in fiscal 2020 that were somewhat or mostly mitigated
in fiscal 2021 included: 

net2phone-UCaaS 
 customer base growth slowed initially in certain international markets as churn increased
 and sales became increasingly difficult; 

Reduction
 in the operations or the closure of independent retailers that offer our BOSS Revolution
 service or utilize our NRS services; 

Decreased
 retail consumer traffic resulting from concerns about the spread of COVID-19 pressured retail
 sales; 

Carrier
 Services revenues were impacted by the closure of corporate offices, the decline of
 commerce globally, and the rapid growth of video conferencing solutions such as Zoom; and 

Reduced
 staffing levels in our field operations. 

If
the COVID-19 pandemic continues for a prolonged period or has a more significant impact than currently, our business, operations, and
financial condition could be impacted in more significant ways. The continued spread of COVID-19 and efforts to contain the virus could
have the following impacts, in addition to exacerbating the impacts described above: 

Adversely
 impact our strategic business plans and growth strategy; 

Result
 in increases in bad debt expense and accounts receivable write-offs as a result of delayed
 or non-payment from our customers; 

Reduce
 demand for our offerings as widespread unemployment reduces consumer buying power; 

Reduce
 the availability and productivity of our employees and third-party resources; 

Cause
 us to experience an increase in costs as a result of our emergency measures; 

Cause
 impairments of goodwill or long-lived assets; and 

Cause
 a deterioration in our financial metrics or the business environment that adversely impacts
 our credit ratings. 

As
of July 31, 2021, we had not experienced significant adverse impacts to our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows
due to the impact of COVID-19. However, the situation remains fluid and we cannot predict with certainty the potential impact of COVID-19
on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Our
international operations subject us to additional risks which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial
condition. 

We
have attempted to control our operating expenses by utilizing lower-cost labor in foreign countries such as Belarus, Guatemala, and Israel
and we may in the future expand our reliance on offshore labor to other countries. Our employees in Belarus and Israel primarily help
develop, test, and maintain certain of our technology. Our labor source in Guatemala primarily performs certain call center, administrative,
and customer acquisition functions. We also have significant operations in Brazil and Argentina as a result of net2phone s growth. 

Countries
outside of the United States may be subject to relatively higher degrees of political and social instability and may lack the infrastructure
to withstand political unrest or natural disasters. The occurrence of natural disasters, pandemics, such as COVID-19, or political or
economic instability in these countries could interfere with work performed by these labor sources or could result in our having to replace
or reduce these labor sources. If countries in which we operate experience civil or political unrest or acts of terrorism, especially
when such unrest leads to an unseating of the established government, our operations in such countries could be materially impaired.
Our vendors in other countries could potentially shut down suddenly for any reason, including financial problems or personnel issues.
Such disruptions could decrease efficiency, increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

For
example, in August 2020, political unrest in Belarus related to its elections resulted in our Belarus operations being nearly unable
to operate for multiple days and significantly reduced productivity in our Belarus operations for multiple weeks. 

The
practice of utilizing labor based in foreign countries has come under increased scrutiny in the United States. Governmental authorities
could seek to impose financial costs or restrictions on foreign companies providing services to customers or companies in the United
States. Governmental authorities may attempt to prohibit or otherwise discourage us from sourcing services from offshore labor. 

The
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations prohibit certain types of payments by our employees,
vendors, and agents. Any violation of the applicable anti-corruption laws or regulations by us, our subsidiaries or our local agents
could expose us to significant penalties, fines, settlements, costs, and consent orders that may curtail or restrict our business as
it is currently conducted and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

22 

Weakness
of the United States dollar in relation to the currencies used in these foreign countries may also reduce the savings achievable through
this strategy and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
U.K.-based businesses and business between the United Kingdom and other countries face risks related to the United Kingdom leaving the
European Union Brexit ). 

We
operate our business worldwide, including meaningful operations in the United Kingdom. Accordingly, we are subjected to risks from changes
in the regulatory environment in various countries. On June 23, 2016, the electorate in the United Kingdom voted in favor of leaving
the European Union, or EU, (commonly referred to as Brexit ). The United Kingdom formally left the EU on April 30, 2020
and had entered a transition period until December 31, 2020. The EU and the United Kingdom concluded the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation
Agreement (the TCA on December 24, 2020, which took effect provisionally on January 1, 2021, following the end of the
formal transition period and will become formally applicable once ratified by both the United Kingdom and the EU. The TCA sets out the
arrangements between the United Kingdom and EU on trade in certain areas (e.g., goods and some services, energy, fisheries, social security
coordination), however there is still uncertainty over how its terms will play out in practice and there are still key aspects of the
United Kingdom s relationship with the EU which are not covered by the TCA, such as in respect of financial services. We expect
that uncertainty over the terms of the TCA and other future agreements between the United Kingdom and EU will continue to cause political
and economic uncertainty, which could harm our business and financial results. The withdrawal will, among other outcomes, disrupt the
free movement of goods, services and people between the United Kingdom and the EU, and result in increased legal and regulatory complexities,
as well as potential higher costs of conducting business in Europe. Until there is greater understanding on how the terms of the TCA
will play out in practice, and until the terms of other potential agreements that the United Kingdom may eventually enter into with the
EU are known, it is not possible to determine the extent of the impact that the United Kingdom s departure from the EU and/or any
related matters may have on us; however, any of these effects of Brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could adversely affect our
business, business opportunities, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Likewise, similar actions taken by European
and other countries in which we operate could have a similar or even more profound impact. 

Further,
Brexit could adversely affect European and worldwide economic or market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial
markets, and the value of the Pound Sterling currency or other currencies, including the Euro. We are exposed to the economic, market,
and fiscal conditions in the United Kingdom and the EU and to changes in any of these conditions. 

IDT
Financial Services Limited, or IDTFS, our Gibraltar-based bank, currently operates under a license from the Gibraltar Financial Services
Commission. As an overseas British Territory, following the expiration of the Brexit transition period, the passporting rights previously
enjoyed by IDTFS under EU law have ceased to be in effect. Although we are currently seeking an e-money license issued by an EU country,
since this was not secured prior to expiration of the transition period, alternative arrangements were made with third parties to service
customers in EU countries previously serviced by IDTFS. Our inability to service these customers will lead to a reduction in the revenues
previously earned from them. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results, and current and potential stockholders may lose confidence in our financial reporting which could have a negative effect on
the trading price of our stock. 

We
are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting that
provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We are likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis 

We
cannot be certain that we will continue to maintain an effective system of internal control over our financial reporting in future periods.
Any failure to maintain such internal controls could adversely impact our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate
basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if
our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and The New York Stock
Exchange, we could face severe consequences from those authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our
business. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could
have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

23 

Risk
Related to Our Financial Condition 

We
hold cash, cash equivalents, debt securities and equity investments that are subject to various market risks. 

At
July 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments of 163.6 million. Debt securities and
equity investments carry a degree of risk, as there can be no assurance that we can redeem them at any time and that our investment managers
will be able to accurately predict the course of price movements and, in general, the securities markets have in recent years been characterized
by great volatility and unpredictability. As a result of these different market risks, our holdings of cash, cash equivalents, debt securities
and equity investments could be materially and adversely affected. 

Intellectual
Property, Tax, Regulatory, and Litigation Risks 

We
provide communications and payment services to consumers and are therefore subject to various federal and state laws and regulations. 

As
a provider of communications and payment services to consumers, such as BOSS Revolution Calling or BOSS Revolution Money Transfer, we
are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations relating to the manner in which we advertise our services, describe and
present the terms of our services, and communicate with our customers and consumers in general. Compliance with these laws requires us
to be constantly vigilant as they often vary from state to state. Failure to comply with these laws could result in action being taken
by federal and state agencies or offices responsible for consumer protection, like the Federal Trade Commission which could have a materially
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, revenues, and profits. 

We
may be adversely affected if we fail to protect our proprietary technology. 

We
depend on proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights in conducting our various business operations. We rely on a combination
of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights.
Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property
protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed. Also, the efforts we have taken
to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights
could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any
increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.
Failure of our patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements and other measures to provide
protection of our technology and our intellectual property rights could enable our competitors to more effectively compete with us and
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
addition, we may be required to litigate in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to
determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any
such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, or results of operations, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any such litigation. 

We
may be subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property rights of others, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, financial condition, revenues, and profits. 

Companies
in the telecommunications industry and other industries in which we compete own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks and
frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face
increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property claims against us grows. Although we do not believe that we infringe
upon the intellectual property rights of others, our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against
their use. From time to time we may be subject to claims and legal proceedings from third parties regarding alleged infringement by us
of trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights. Such suits can be expensive and time consuming and could distract
us and our management from focusing on our businesses. Further, loss of such suits could result in financial burdens and the requirement
to modify our modes of operation, which could materially adversely affect our business. 

We
are subject to tax and regulatory audits which could result in the imposition of liabilities that may or may not have been reserved. 

We
are subject to audits by taxing and regulatory authorities with respect to certain of our income and operations. These audits can cover
periods for several years prior to the date the audit is undertaken and could result in the imposition of liabilities, interest and penalties
if our positions are not accepted by the auditing entity. 

24 

Our
2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reports our calendar year 2016 revenue is currently under audit by the Universal Service Administrative Company,
or USAC. The Internal Audit Division of USAC issued preliminary audit findings and we have, in accordance with audit procedures, appealed
certain of the findings. We are awaiting a final decision by USAC on the preliminary audit findings. Depending on the findings contained
in the final decision, we may further appeal to the FCC. As of July 31, 2021, our accrued expenses included 38.3 million for FCC-related
regulatory fees for the year covered by the audit, as well as prior and subsequent years. If we do not properly calculate, or have not
properly calculated, the amount payable by us to the FCC, we may be subject to interest and penalties. 

We
are subject to value added tax, or VAT, audits from time-to-time in various jurisdictions. In the conduct of such audits, we may be required
to disclose information of a sensitive nature and, in general, to modify the way we have conducted business with our distributors until
the present, which may affect our business in an adverse manner. 

We
are also subject to audits in various jurisdictions for various other taxes, including utility excise tax, sales and use tax, communications
services tax, gross receipts tax and property tax. 

We
may be subject to state sales taxes that we have not paid, collected from our customers, or reserved for on our financial statements,
which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results . 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. We
have evaluated our state tax filings with respect to the Wayfair decision and are in the process of reviewing our remittance practices.
It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability for periods for which we have not collected sales, use
or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful it could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions may change their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or
other similar taxes to our operations, and if such changes were made it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and operating results. 

Our
business is subject to strict regulation under federal law regarding anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing. Failure to comply
with such laws, or abuse of our programs for purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Provisions
of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and other federal laws impose substantial regulations on financial institutions that are
designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorist organizations. Increasing regulatory scrutiny of our industry with
respect to money laundering and terrorist financing matters could result in more aggressive enforcement of these laws or the enactment
of more onerous regulation, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, abuse of our money transfer services
or prepaid card programs for purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, notwithstanding our efforts to prevent such abuse through
our regulatory compliance and risk management programs, could cause reputational or other harm that would have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations intended to help detect and prevent illegal or illicit activity and our failure,
or the failure of one of our disbursement partners or payment processors to comply with those laws and regulations could harm our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
money transfer and network branded prepaid card services are subject to a strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to
help detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, and other illicit activity. The interpretation of those requirements
by judges, regulatory bodies and enforcement agencies is changing, often quickly and with little notice. Economic and trade sanctions
programs that are administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, prohibit or restrict
transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, with individuals and entities
that are specially designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations. As federal,
state, and foreign legislative regulatory scrutiny and enforcement action in these areas increase, we expect our costs to comply with
these requirements will increase, perhaps substantially. Failure to comply with any of these requirements by us, our regulated retailers
or our disbursement partners could result in the suspension or revocation of a money transmitter license, the limitation, suspension
or termination of our services, the seizure and/or forfeiture of our assets and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including
fines. 

Furthermore,
failure by us or our agents to comply with applicable laws and regulations could also result in termination of contracts with our banks
and/or merchant payment processors. Termination of services by one of our retail banks would seriously diminish our ability to collect
funds from our BOSS Revolution agents. Likewise, termination of services by our merchant processor would negatively impact our ability
to process payments in our digital channels. 

25 

The
foregoing laws and regulations are constantly evolving, unclear and inconsistent across various jurisdictions, making compliance challenging.
If we fail to update our compliance system to reflect legislative or regulatory developments, we could incur penalties. New legislation,
changes in laws or regulations, implementing rules and regulations, litigation, court rulings, changes in industry practices or standards,
changes in systems rules or requirements or other similar events could expose us to increased compliance costs, liability, reputational
damage, and could reduce the market value of our money transfer and network branded prepaid card services or render them less profitable
or obsolete. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the regulations required by the Dodd-Frank Act and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau could harm us
and the scope of our activities, and could harm our operations, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act, which became law in the United States on July 21, 2010, calls for significant structural reforms and substantive regulation
across the financial services industry. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, whose
purpose is to issue and enforce consumer protection initiatives governing financial products and services, including money transfer services. 

We
may be subject to examination by the CFPB, which has broad authority to enforce consumer financial laws. The CFPB has a large budget
and staff and has broad authority with respect to our money transfer service and related business. It is authorized to collect fines
and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations, engage in consumer financial education, track consumer complaints, request
data and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. In addition, the CFPB may adopt other
regulations governing consumer financial services, including regulations defining unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, and
new model disclosures. The CFPB s authority to change regulations adopted in the past by other regulators, or to rescind or alter
past regulatory guidance, could increase our compliance costs and litigation exposure. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act establishes a Financial Stability Oversight Counsel that is authorized to designate as systemically important 
non-bank financial companies and payment systems. Companies designated under either standard will become subject to new regulation and
regulatory supervision. If we were designated under either standard, the additional regulatory and supervisory requirements could result
in costly new compliance burdens or may require changes in the way we conduct business that could harm our business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

We
are subject to licensing and other requirements imposed by U.S. state regulators, and the U.S. federal government. If we were found to
be subject to or in violation of any laws or regulations governing money transmitters, we could lose our licenses, be subject to liability
or be forced to change our business practices, which could harm our operations, results of operations, and financial condition. 

A
number of states and territories have enacted legislation regulating money transmitters, with 49 states requiring a license as of July
31, 2021. At July 31, 2021, we had obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter in 48 U.S. states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto
Rico. We are also registered as money services businesses with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury, or FinCEN. As a licensed money transmitter, we are subject to bonding requirements, liquidity requirements, restrictions on
our investment of customer funds, reporting requirements, and inspection by state and foreign regulatory agencies. If we were found to
be subject to and in violation of any banking or money services laws or regulations, we could be subject to liability or additional restrictions,
such as increased liquidity requirements. In addition, our licenses could be revoked, or we could be forced to cease doing business or
change our practices in certain states or jurisdictions or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals that could
impose a substantial cost on us. Regulators could also impose other regulatory orders and sanctions on us. Any change to our business
practices that makes our service less attractive to customers or prohibits use of our services by residents of a particular jurisdiction
could decrease our transaction volume and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
disbursement partners generally are regulated institutions in their home jurisdiction, and money transfers are regulated by governments
in both the United States and in the jurisdiction of the recipient. If our disbursement partners fail to comply with applicable laws,
it could harm our business., results of operations, and financial condition. 

Money
transfers are regulated by state, federal and foreign governments. Many of our disbursement partners are banks that are heavily regulated
by their home jurisdictions. Our non-bank disbursement partners are also subject to money transfer regulations. We require regulatory
compliance as a condition to our continued relationship, perform due diligence on our disbursement partners, and monitor them periodically
with the goal of meeting regulatory expectations. However, there are limits to the extent to which we can monitor their regulatory compliance.
Any determination that our disbursement partners or their sub-disbursement partners have violated laws and regulations could seriously
damage our reputation, resulting in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. While our services are not directly
regulated by governments outside the United States, except with respect to our Gibraltar bank as discussed below, it is possible that
in some cases we could be liable for the failure of our disbursement partners or their sub-disbursement partners to comply with laws,
which also could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

26 

IDTFS
in Gibraltar is regulated by the Gibraltar FSC, and, as such, is subject to Gibraltarian and EU laws relating to financial institutions.
As an issuer of prepaid debit cards for programs operated by other entities, commonly known as program managers, IDTFS is responsible,
inter alia, for anti-money laundering laws oversight and compliance. If we were to fail to implement the requisite controls or follow
the rules and procedures mandated by the FSC and applicable law, we could be subject to regulatory fines, and even the loss of our banking
license. 

We
receive, store, process and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations
related to privacy. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

We
receive, store, and process personal information and other customer data, including bank account numbers, credit and debit card information,
identification numbers, and images of government identification cards. As a result, we are required to comply with the privacy provisions
of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, or the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and the PCI DSS. There are also numerous other federal, state,
local and international laws , such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the European Union s General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR), regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and
other customer data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions
or conflict with other applicable rules. It is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent
from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our business practices. 

Additionally,
with advances in computer capabilities and data protection requirements to address ongoing threats, we may be required to expend significant
capital and other resources to protect against potential security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches. 

Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties,
or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally
identifiable information or other customer data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, fines, or litigation. If there is a
breach of credit or debit card information that we store, we could also be liable to the issuing banks for their cost of issuing new
cards and related expenses. In addition, a significant breach could result in our being prohibited from processing transactions for any
of the relevant network organizations, such as Visa or MasterCard, which would harm our business. If any third parties with whom we work,
such as marketing partners, vendors, or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may put our customers 
information at risk and could harm our business. Any negative publicity arising out of a data breach or failure to comply with applicable
privacy requirements could damage our reputation and cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could harm our business, results
of operations, financial position, and potential for growth. 

We
may be harmed by certain imminent FCC Orders and rules that effect the telecommunications marketplace. 

In
the Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence, or TRACED, Act, Congress gave the FCC new tools to fight unwanted,
and often illegal, robocalls, the top consumer complaint reported to the FCC annually. The
TRACED Act required the FCC to mandate the STIR/SHAKEN caller identification framework. STIR/SHAKEN enables phone companies to verify
that the caller ID information transmitted with a call matches the caller s real phone number. The FCC has issued a series of Orders
and adopted several rules to implement the TRACED Act. For example, by June 30, 2021, many domestic and foreign carriers must register
with the FCC specifically for TRACED Act compliance. Initially, the FCC concluded that by September 28, 2021, we and other similarly
situated carriers would not be able to accept certain IP-based telecommunications traffic from foreign and domestic carrier partners
unless those carriers are registered with the FCC. However, the FCC temporarily suspended this obligation while it reconsiders its impact.
We believe the FCC will eventually reinstate the rule or implement a new rule that will have a comparable impact upon us and the industry
as a whole. Of equal importance, carriers such as us have the right to sign their traffic, effectively attesting that the
traffic they are transmitting is not illegal robocalls. 

The
FCC s rules present several concerns to all carriers. Notably, the rules extend to many foreign carriers, and it is unclear whether
foreign carriers will be sufficiently educated and experienced to implement U.S. rules and regulations. Foreign carrier compliance, or
the lack thereof, could impact U.S. carriers as they seek to meet their own regulatory obligations. There may also be changes in the
marketplace as foreign carriers may look to limit U.S. carrier partners to whom they transmit calls for termination in the U.S. that
are subject to the STIR/SHAKEN rules. 

27 

We
anticipate meeting our regulatory obligations under the STIR/SHAKEN rules and we are undertaking efforts to prevent us from being harmed
by potential changes in the marketplace. Nevertheless, the FCC s rules allow for the possibility that well-prepared carriers with
anti-robocalling procedures in place may fail and be punished for their failure, despite their best efforts. Moreover, because the STIR/SHAKEN
rules may have a significant impact on the telecommunications marketplace, it is difficult to predict their outcome. We are prepared
for the implementation of STIR/SHAKEN but are concerned about its impact on the market as a whole and on us specifically. 

Federal
and state regulations may be passed that could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to provide VoIP communications services at attractive rates arises in large part from the fact that VoIP services are not currently
subject to the same level of regulation as traditional, switch-based telephony. The use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide
voice communications services is largely unregulated within the United States, although several foreign governments have adopted laws
and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private IP networks.
If interconnected VoIP services become subject to state regulation and/or additional regulation by the FCC, such regulation will likely
lead to higher costs and reduce or eliminate the competitive advantage interconnected VoIP holds, by virtue of its lesser regulatory
oversight, over traditional telecommunications services. More aggressive regulation of the Internet in general, and Internet telephony
providers and services specifically, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to offer services outside of the United States is subject to the local regulatory environment, which may be unfavorable, complicated,
and often uncertain. 

Regulatory
treatment outside the United States varies from country to country. We distribute our products and services through resellers that may
be subject to telecommunications regulations in their home countries. The failure of these resellers to comply with these laws and regulations
could reduce our revenue and profitability or expose us to audits and other regulatory proceedings. Regulatory developments such as these
could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

In
many countries in which we operate, or our services are sold, the status of the laws that may relate to our services is unclear. We cannot
be certain that our customers, resellers, or other affiliates are currently in compliance with regulatory or other legal requirements
in their respective countries, that they or we will be able to comply with existing or future requirements, and/or that they or we will
continue in compliance with any requirements. Our failure or the failure of those with whom we transact business to comply with these
requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

While
we expect additional regulation of our industry in some or all of these areas, and we expect continuing changes in the regulatory environment
as new and proposed regulations are reviewed, revised and amended, we cannot predict with certainty what impact new laws in these areas
will have on us, if any. 

net2phone s
VoIP services are subject to regulation in the United States and Canada. Future legislative, regulatory, or judicial actions could adversely
affect net2phone s business and expose it to liability and limit its growth potential. 

The
United States and Canada have applied some traditional telephone company regulations to VoIP and continue to evaluate how VoIP should
be regulated, as are other countries as we expand globally. The effects of future regulatory developments are uncertain. At the federal
level in the United States, the FCC has imposed certain telecommunications regulations on VoIP services including, but not limited to: 

Requirements
 to provide E-911 service; 

Communications
 Assistance for Law Enforcement Act obligations; 

Obligation
 to support Universal Service; 

Customer
 Proprietary Network Information, or CPNI, requirements; 

Disability
 access obligations; 

Local
 Number Portability requirements; and 

Consumer
 protection, including protection from unwanted telemarketing and other calls. 

In
Canada, the Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission, or CRTC, regulates VoIP Service. These regulated services are
similar to those regulated in the United States discussed above. Future legislative, judicial, or other regulatory actions could have
a negative effect on net2phone s business. If net2phone becomes subject to additional rules and regulations applicable to telecommunications
providers we may incur significant litigation and compliance costs, and net2phone may have to restructure its service offerings, exit
certain markets, or raise the price of its services, any of which could cause its services to be less attractive to customers. In addition,
future regulatory developments could increase our cost of doing business and limit our growth. 

28 

We
are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. 

Various
legal proceedings that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of business have not been finally adjudicated, which may have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition (see Item 3 to Part I Legal Proceedings 
included elsewhere in this Annual Report). 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Structure 

Holders
of our Class B common stock have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class A common stock. 

Holders
of our Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share on all matters on which our stockholders are entitled to vote,
while holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to three votes per share. As a result, the ability of holders of our Class B common
stock to influence our management is limited. 

Eight
trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters of Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman of the Board, hold shares that, in the aggregate, represent
more than a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which may limit the ability of other stockholders
to affect our management. 

Eight
trusts for the benefit of children of Howard S. Jonas (the Trusts ), our Chairman of the Board, collectively have voting
power over 1,574,326 shares of our Class A common stock, (which is all the issued and outstanding shares of the Class A common stock),
which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis, and 2,382,371 shares of our Class B common stock, representing
approximately 69.5 of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, as of October 12, 2021. Each of the Trusts
has a different, independent trustee. In addition, as of October 12, 2021, The HSJ 2020 IDT Annuity Trust holds 2,219,821
shares of our Class B common stock and The HSJ 2020 IDW-Zedge Annuity Trust holds 119,311 shares of our Class B common stock. Both
of these trusts have an independent trustee. 

Howard
S. Jonas serves as our Chairman of the Board, which is not an officer position. However, he is our founder and served as an executive
officer, including our Chief Executive Officer, for a very significant time period, and the members of the Board and management often
look to him for guidance on major financial, operational and strategic matters. 

Howard
S. Jonas does not have the right to direct or control the voting of the shares of our common stock that is held by the Trusts, and the
independent trustees hold sole voting and dispositive power over the common stock held by the Trusts. However, he is the trustor of the
trusts and is the father of each of the beneficiaries of the Trusts and his views may be taken into account by the trustees and others
related to the Trusts. 

We
are not aware of any voting agreement between or among any of the Trusts and/or Howard S. Jonas, but if such a voting agreement or other
similar arrangement exists or were to be consummated, if all or several of the Trusts were to act in concert, or if we issued additional
Class A common stock, certain or all of the Trusts and/or Howard S. Jonas along with holders of the Class A common stock would be able
to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of all of the directors, amendment of organizational
documents and the approval of significant corporate transactions, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our management may be limited. In addition,
our dual class structure has an anti-takeover effect, and accordingly, the holders of the shares of Class A common stock have the ability
to prevent any change in control transactions that may otherwise be in the best interest of stockholders. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
headquarters is located in a building in Newark, New Jersey that is owned by Rafael Holdings. We lease approximately 80,000 square feet
of office space plus a portion of the 800-car public parking garage located across the street from the building. We also lease approximately
3,600 square feet of office space in Jerusalem, Israel that is also owned by Rafael Holdings. The Newark lease expires in April 2025
and the Israel lease expires in July 2025. 

We
lease space in New York, New York for corporate purposes as well as a number of other locations in metropolitan areas. These leased spaces
are utilized primarily to house telecommunications equipment and retail operations. 

We
maintain our European headquarters in London, England. We also maintain other international office locations and telecommunications facilities
in regions of Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, Asia, and Africa where we conduct operations. 

29 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

On
January 22, 2019, Jose Rosales filed a putative class action against IDT America, IDT Domestic Telecom and IDT International in California
state court alleging certain violations of employment law. Plaintiff alleges that these companies failed to compensate members of the
putative class in accordance with California law. In August 2019, we filed a cross complaint against Rosales alleging trade secret and
other violations. The parties are now seeking court approval of a settlement agreement. 

On
April 24, 2018, Sprint Communications Company L.P. filed a patent infringement claim against us and certain of our affiliates in the
U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,298,064; 6,330,224; 6,343,084; 6,452,932;
6,463,052; 6,473,429; 6,563,918; 6,633,561; 6,697,340; 6,999,463; 7,286,561; 7,324,534; 7,327,728; 7,505,454; and 7,693,131. Plaintiff
was seeking damages and injunctive relief. On June 28, 2018, Sprint dismissed the complaint without prejudice. We are evaluating the
underlying claim, and at this stage, are unable to estimate our potential liability, if any. We intend to vigorously defend any claim
of infringement of the listed patents. 

On
July 5, 2017, plaintiff JDS1, LLC, on behalf of itself and all other similarly situated stockholders of Straight Path, and derivatively
on behalf of Straight Path as nominal defendant, filed a putative class action and derivative complaint in the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware against us, The Patrick Henry Trust (a trust formed by Howard S. Jonas that held record and beneficial ownership of
certain shares of Straight Path he formerly held), Howard S. Jonas, and each of Straight Path s directors. The complaint alleges
that we aided and abetted Straight Path Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Davidi Jonas, and Howard S. Jonas in his capacity
as controlling stockholder of Straight Path, in breaching their fiduciary duties to Straight Path in connection with the settlement of
claims between Straight Path and us related to potential indemnification claims concerning Straight Path s obligations under the
Consent Decree it entered into with the FCC, as well as the sale of Straight Path s subsidiary Straight Path IP Group, Inc. to
us in connection with that settlement. That action was consolidated with a similar action that was initiated by The Arbitrage Fund. The
Plaintiffs are seeking, among other things, (i) a declaration that the action may be maintained as a class action or in the alternative,
that demand on the Straight Path Board is excused; (ii) that the term sheet is invalid; (iii) awarding damages for the unfair price stockholders
received in the merger between Straight Path and Verizon Communications Inc. for their shares of Straight Path s Class B common
stock; and (iv) ordering Howard S. Jonas, Davidi Jonas, and us to disgorge any profits for the benefit of the class Plaintiffs. On August
28, 2017, the Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. On September 24, 2017, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint,
which was ultimately denied, and which denial was affirmed by the Delaware Supreme Court. The parties are engaged in discovery. The
trial is currently scheduled for May 2022. We intend to vigorously defend this matter. At this stage, we are unable to estimate
our potential liability, if any. 

In
addition to the foregoing, we are subject to other legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not
been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, we believe that none of the other legal proceedings to which
we are a party will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
Class B common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IDT. 

On
October 12, 2021, there were 284 holders of record of our Class B common stock and eight holders of record of our Class A common
stock. All shares of Class A common stock are beneficially owned by eight trusts for the benefit of children of Howard S. Jonas, our
Chairman of the Board. The number of holders of record of our Class B common stock does not include the number of persons whose shares
are in nominee or in street name accounts through brokers. On October 12, 2021, the last sales price reported on the New
York Stock Exchange for the Class B common stock was 51.81 per share. 

In
fiscal 2018, our Board of Directors discontinued our quarterly dividend, electing instead to repurchase shares of our Class B common
stock when warranted by market conditions, available resources, and our business outlook and results, as well as to invest in our growth
business initiatives. Accordingly, no dividends were paid in fiscal 2021 or fiscal 2020. 

The
information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which
we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference
herein. 

30 

Performance
Graph of Stock 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the
information under this item. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
following table provides information with respect to purchases by us of our shares during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 as part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs(1) 
 
 May 1 31, 2021 

5,768,497 
 
 June 1 30, 2021 

5,768,497 
 
 July 1 31, 2021 

5,768,497 
 
 Total 

____________ 

(1) On
 January 22, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase
 up to 8.0 million shares of our Class B common stock. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, 
 plans, intends and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the
factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report.
The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking
statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors
should consult all of the information set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including
our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

We
followed the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K applicable to smaller reporting companies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
In accordance with Item 10(f)(2) of Regulation S-K, we qualify as a smaller reporting company because our public float
was below 200 million as of January 31, 2020, the last business day of our second quarter in fiscal 2020. Our public float as of January
29, 2021, the last business day of our second quarter in fiscal 2021, was 292.2 million. Therefore, in accordance with Item 10(f)(1)
of Regulation S-K, we will transition from the scaled disclosure available to smaller reporting companies to the disclosure requirements
applicable to all other companies beginning with our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for our first quarter in fiscal 2022. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of
this Annual Report. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical
accounting policies are those that require application of management s most subjective or complex judgments, often as a result
of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting policies include those related
to the allowance for doubtful accounts, goodwill, valuation of long-lived assets, and income taxes, sales taxes, and regulatory agency
fees. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See Note 1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies. 

31 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

Our
allowance for doubtful accounts was 4.4 million at July 31, 2021 and 6.1 million at July 31, 2020. The allowance for doubtful accounts
as a percentage of gross trade accounts receivable decreased to 8.7 at July 31, 2021 from 12.1 at July 31, 2020 because the allowance
for doubtful accounts decreased 27.1 and gross trade accounts receivable increased 1.7 at July 31, 2021 compared to July 31, 2020. 

We
estimate the balance of our allowance for doubtful accounts by analyzing accounts receivable balances by age and applying historical
write-off and collection trend rates. Our estimates include separately providing for customer receivables based on specific circumstances
and credit conditions, and when it is deemed probable that the balance is uncollectible. Account balances are written off against the
allowance when it is determined that the receivable will not be recovered. Our estimates of recoverability of customer accounts may change
due to new developments, changes in assumptions or changes in our strategy, which may impact our allowance for doubtful accounts balance.
We continually assess the likelihood of potential amounts or ranges of recoverability and adjust our allowance accordingly, however,
actual collections and write-offs of trade accounts receivables may materially differ from our estimates. 

Goodwill 

Our
goodwill is attributable to reporting units in our Traditional Communications segment and to net2phone-UCaaS, which is both a segment
and a reporting unit. Goodwill was 14.9 million and 12.9 million at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Goodwill
is not amortized. Instead, goodwill is reviewed annually (or more frequently under various conditions) for impairment. We have the option
to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. However,
we may elect to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test even if no indications of a potential impairment exist. 

When
performing our quantitative annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test we are comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its
carrying amount. We would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s
fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. Additionally,
we consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill
impairment loss, if applicable. The fair value of the reporting unit is estimated using discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as
considering third party market value indicators. Our use of a discounted cash flow methodology includes estimates of future revenue based
upon budgets and projections. We also develop estimates for future levels of gross and operating profits and projected capital expenditures.
Our methodology also includes the use of estimated discount rates based upon industry and competitor analysis as well as other factors. 

In
fiscal 2020, we performed a quantitative annual impairment test which resulted in no goodwill impairment since the estimated fair values
of our reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying value. In fiscal 2021, we performed a qualitative assessment and determined
that it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In addition, we do not believe our reporting units are
currently at risk of goodwill impairment. Calculating the fair value of the reporting units requires significant estimates and assumptions
by management. Should the estimates and assumptions regarding the fair value of the reporting units prove to be incorrect, we may be
required to record impairments to our goodwill in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

Valuation
of Long-Lived Assets 

We
test the recoverability of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of any
such asset may not be recoverable. Such events or changes in circumstances include: 

significant
 actual underperformance relative to expected performance or projected future operating results; 

significant
 changes in the manner or use of the asset or the strategy of our overall business; 

significant
 adverse changes in the business climate in which we operate; and 

loss
 of a significant contract. 

There
were no such events or changes in circumstances in fiscal 2021 or fiscal 2020. If we determine that the carrying value of certain long-lived
assets may not be recoverable, we test for impairment based on the projected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If
the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we will record an impairment loss based on
the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset. We generally measure fair value by considering sale
prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows from the asset using an appropriate discount rate. Cash flow
projections and fair value estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should our estimates and assumptions
prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

32 

Income
Taxes, Sales Taxes, and Regulatory Agency Fees 

Our
current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowance, accruals for sales taxes, and telecom regulatory agency fee accruals,
are impacted by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with special and non-routine
items. Assessment of the appropriate amount of income taxes, sales taxes, and regulatory agency fees is dependent on several factors,
including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets, the results of audits, changes in tax laws or regulatory
agency rules and regulations, as well as unanticipated future actions impacting related accruals of regulatory agency fees. 

The
valuation allowance on our deferred income tax assets was 11.5 million and 58.7 million at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In
fiscal 2021, we released 46.5 million of our valuation allowance on the portion of the deferred income tax assets that we are more likely
than not going to utilize. This release was mostly related to domestic deferred income tax assets. We used the framework of Accounting
Standards Codification, or ASC, Income Taxes (Topic 740) to determine whether the valuation allowance should be maintained or
reversed. We considered the scheduled expiration of our net operating losses included in our deferred tax assets, projected future taxable
income, and tax planning strategies in our assessment of the valuation allowance. The primary factors that resulted in the valuation
allowance release were the three consecutive years of profitability in the United States and expected future profitability in both the
United States and the United Kingdom that will utilize a significant portion of the net operating losses. Our tax planning strategies
were not a significant factor in the analysis. In fiscal 2020, due to taxable income in the United States, we utilized deferred tax assets
and released the corresponding valuation allowance to offset income tax expense of 3.5 million. In addition, in fiscal 2020, we released
an additional 8.4 million of the valuation allowance on the portion of the deferred tax assets that we are more likely than not going
to utilize because we forecasted future profitability in the United States. 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. We have evaluated our state tax filings with respect to the Wayfair decision
and are in the process of reviewing our remittance practices. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability
for periods for which we have not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful
it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions may change
their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to our operations, and if such changes were made it could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. 

Our
2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reports our calendar year 2016 revenue, is currently under audit by the USAC. The Internal Audit Division
of USAC issued preliminary audit findings and we have, in accordance with audit procedures, appealed certain of the findings. We are
awaiting a final decision by USAC on the preliminary audit findings. Depending on the findings contained in the final decision, we may
further appeal to the FCC. Although a final decision remains pending, we have been invoiced 2.9 million and 1.8 million on behalf of
the Federal Telecommunications Relay Services Fund and on behalf of the Universal Service Fund, respectively. We do not intend to remit
payment for these fees unless and until a negative decision on our appeal has been issued. In response to the aforementioned preliminary
audit findings, we made certain changes to our filing policies and procedures for years that remain potentially under audit. At July
31, 2021 and 2020, our accrued expenses included 38.3 million and 40.8 million, respectively, for FCC-related regulatory fees for the
year covered by the audit, as well as prior and subsequent years. 

RECENTLY
ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARD NOT YET ADOPTED 

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit
Losses (Topic 326) , Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, that changes the impairment model for most financial
assets and certain other instruments. For receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking
current expected credit loss model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale
debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except the losses
will be recognized as allowances instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In addition, an entity will have to disclose
significantly more information about allowances, credit quality indicators, and past due securities. The new provisions will be applied
as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. We will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2023. We are evaluating the impact
that the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

33 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

As
of August 1, 2020, we revised our reportable business segments to reflect the growth of our financial technology and cloud communications
businesses and their increased contributions to our consolidated results. Our three reportable business segments, Fintech, net2phone-UCaaS,
and Traditional Communications, reflect management s approach to analyzing results, its resource allocation strategy, and its assessment
of business performance. Comparative segment information has been reclassified and restated in all periods to conform to the current
period presentation. We evaluate the performance of our business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. Accordingly,
the income and expense line items below income (loss) from operations are only included in our discussion of the consolidated results
of operations. 

Coronavirus
Disease (COVID-19) 

We
continue to monitor and respond to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business, including our customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors, and business partners. 

Operationally,
our employees transitioned to work-from-home during the third quarter of fiscal 2020 and, to a large degree, continue to work-from-home.
Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, certain of our employees returned to our offices on a part-time basis. Our salespeople,
customer service employees, technicians, and delivery employees continue to serve our independent retailers, channel partners, and customers
with minimal interruption. 

COVID-19
had mixed financial impacts on our businesses beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 and continuing through the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2021. It drove increases in demand for our consumer offerings, principally BOSS Revolution Money Transfer, BOSS Revolution
Calling and Mobile Top-Up, through our digital channels beginning in the latter half of March 2020. Subsequently, digital transaction
levels have continued to increase relative to retailer originated transactions. Conversely, sales of consumer offerings originating through
retailers and channel partners slowed modestly in late March and April 2020 before stabilizing in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020.
NRS was immaterially impacted by the closure of some of its retailers in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, but most re-opened quickly
and many attracted increased foot traffic following the onset of COVID-19 as local retailers are typically more accessible to pedestrian
traffic than big box retailers. The resilience of local retailers has enabled NRS to continue to expand sales of terminals, payment processing,
and advertising services. Carrier Services revenue, which had been declining as communications globally transition away from traditional
international long-distance voice, declined more rapidly following the onset of COVID-19 as business communications shifted from calling
to video conferencing and other collaboration platforms. 

At
the onset of COVID-19, the transition from offices to a more flexible workforce increased the demand for net2phone-UCaaS offerings.
Customers transitioned from their on-premises phone system to net2phone-UCaaS cloud solution, ported their phone numbers, and
quickly set-up their employees to work remotely. In April 2020, the release of Huddle, net2phone-UCaaS integrated video conferencing
solution, significantly improved net2phone-UCaaS functionality for remote work, which also increased the demand for its services.
COVID-19 had mixed financial impacts on net2phone-UCaaS business beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. Its customer base
growth slowed somewhat in the second half of fiscal 2020 in certain Latin American markets. However, Latin American sales rebounded in
the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and sales have remained strong in its United States and Canadian markets. In the second half of fiscal
2021, COVID-19 cases increased in Latin America, in particular Brazil, and in Spain. This caused businesses to downsize or shutdown,
which reduced its customer base and revenues. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the demand for flexible communications solutions
for a hybrid workforce has resulted in an increase in new net2phone-UCaaS customers. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, including the impact of COVID-19, we expect that our cash from operations and the balance of cash,
cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments that we held on July 31, 2021 will be sufficient to meet our currently
anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements during fiscal 2022. However, the situation remains fluid and we cannot
predict with certainty the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Concentration
of Customers 

Our
most significant customers typically include telecom operators to whom we provide wholesale services and distributors of our retail calling
products. While they may vary from quarter to quarter, our five largest customers collectively accounted for 14.5 and 12.7 of our consolidated
revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. Our customers with the five largest receivables balance collectively accounted
for 9.7 and 13.8 of the consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This concentration of
customers increases our risk associated with nonpayment by those customers. In an effort to reduce our risk, we perform ongoing credit
evaluations of our significant customers, and in some cases, do not offer credit terms to customers, choosing instead to require prepayment.
Historically, when we have issued credit, we have not required collateral to support trade accounts receivables from our customers. However,
when necessary, we have imposed stricter credit restrictions on our customers. In some cases, this has resulted in our sharply curtailing,
or ceasing completely, sales to certain customers. We attempt to mitigate our credit risk related to specific Carrier Services customers
by also buying services from the customer, in order to create an opportunity to offset our payables and receivables with the customer.
In this way, we can continue to sell services to these customers while reducing our receivable exposure risk. When it is practical to
do so, we will increase our purchases from Carrier Services customers with receivable balances that exceed our applicable payables in
order to maximize the offset and reduce our credit risk. 

34 

Explanation
of Performance Metrics 

Our
results of operations discussion include the following performance metrics: active POS terminals, payment processing accounts, direct
cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues, seats, subscription revenue, and minutes of use. 

NRS
uses two metrics, among others, to measure the size of its customer base: active POS terminals and payment processing accounts. Active
POS terminals are the number of POS terminals that have completed at least one transaction in the calendar month. It excludes POS terminals
that are being installed. Payment processing accounts are NRS PAY accounts that can generate revenue. It excludes accounts that have
been approved but not activated. NRS uses these two metrics in its analysis of revenue trends and comparisons between periods. 

Direct
cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues is a financial metric that measures changes in our direct cost of revenues relative to changes
in revenues during the same period. Direct cost of revenues is the numerator and revenues are the denominator in this ratio. Direct cost
of revenues as a percentage of revenues is a useful metric for monitoring and evaluating trends in the net contribution of our revenues. 

net2phone-UCaaS 
cloud communications offering is priced on a per-seat basis, with each customer employee identity constituting a seat, and its subscription
revenue is a monthly base fee per seat. The number of seats served and subscription revenue trends and comparisons between periods are
used in the analysis of net2phone-UCaaS revenues and direct cost of revenues. 

Minutes
of use is a nonfinancial metric that measures aggregate customer usage during a reporting period. Minutes of use is an important factor
in BOSS Revolution Calling s and Carrier Services revenue recognition since satisfaction of our performance obligation occurs
when the customer uses our service. Minutes of use trends and comparisons between periods are used in the analysis of revenues and direct
cost of revenues. 

Year
Ended July 31, 2021 compared to Year Ended July 31, 2020 

The
following table sets forth certain items in our statements of income as a percentage of our total revenues: 

Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 REVENUES: 

Fintech 
 5.2 
 4.4 
 
 net2phone-UCaaS 
 3.0 
 2.4 
 
 Traditional Communications 
 91.8 
 93.2 
 
 TOTAL REVENUES 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Direct cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 79.8 
 80.5 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 15.1 
 16.0 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1.2 
 1.5 
 
 Severance 
 
 0.3 
 
 TOTAL COSTS AND EXPENSES 
 96.1 
 98.3 
 
 Other operating gain (expense), net 
 0.1 
 (0.4 
 
 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 4.0 
 1.3 
 
 Interest income, net 
 
 0.1 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 0.5 
 (0.1 
 
 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 4.5 
 1.3 

35 

Fintech
Segment 

Fintech,
which represented 5.2 and 4.4 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, comprises BOSS Revolution Money Transfer,
a provider of international money remittance and related value/payment transfer services, and NRS, operator of a nationwide POS network
providing payment processing, digital advertising, transaction data, and ancillary services. BOSS Revolution Money Transfer and NRS were
previously included in our Telecom Payment Services segment. 

(in millions) 
 
 Change 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 

Revenues: 

BOSS Revolution Money Transfer 
 49.6 
 47.9 
 1.7 
 3.4 
 
 National Retail Solutions 
 24.7 
 12.0 
 12.7 
 106.6 
 
 Total revenues 
 74.3 
 59.9 
 14.4 
 24.1 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 26.2 
 19.2 
 7.0 
 36.1 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 47.9 
 35.8 
 12.1 
 33.9 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1.7 
 1.5 
 0.2 
 14.9 
 
 (Loss) income from operations 
 (1.5 
 3.4 
 (4.9 
 (143.2 

Revenues.
 Revenues from BOSS Revolution Money Transfer increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 driven primarily by increased transaction
volume in its digital channel, and a significant but diminished benefit from transient foreign exchange market conditions that ceased
by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2021. 

Revenues
from NRS increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 driven primarily by the expansion of its POS network, and revenue growth from
its payment processing services and digital out-of-home advertising. Merchant services and other revenue, which includes payment processing
services, increased 295 to 7.8 million in fiscal 2021 from 2.0 million in fiscal 2020. Advertising and data revenue increased 95 
to 8.7 million in fiscal 2021 from 4.5 million in fiscal 2020. Active POS terminals increased 40 to 14,000 at July 31, 2021 from 10,000
at July 31, 2020. Payment processing accounts increased 124 to 5,600 at July 31, 2021 from 2,500 at July 31, 2020. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to the increase in revenues.
BOSS Revolution Money Transfer s direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 due to increased direct
cost of revenues in its digital channel. 

Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 
 Change 
 
 Direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues 
 35.2 
 32.1 
 3.1 

Direct
cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues increased 310 basis points in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase
in direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in BOSS Revolution Money Transfer s digital channel, partially offset by
a decrease in direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in NRS. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily
due to increases in employee compensation, debit and credit card processing charges, sales commissions, and marketing expense. The increase
in card processing charges was the result of increased credit and debit card transactions through our BOSS Revolution Money app and other
digital channels. As a percentage of Fintech s revenue, Fintech s selling, general and administrative expense increased to
64.5 from 59.7 in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Depreciation
and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to increased
depreciation of capitalized costs of consultants and employees developing internal use software and increased depreciation of NRS 
POS equipment. 

net2phone-UCaaS
Segment 

The
net2phone-UCaaS segment, which represented 3.0 and 2.4 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, comprises
net2phone s cloud communications offerings, which were previously included in our net2phone segment. 

(in millions) 

Change 
 
 Year
 ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 

Revenues 
 43.9 
 31.8 
 12.1 
 38.1 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 8.1 
 6.4 
 1.7 
 26.9 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 45.0 
 36.3 
 8.7 
 23.7 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 5.0 
 4.1 
 0.9 
 22.9 
 
 Other operating expense, net 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 
 58.7 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (14.3 
 (15.1 
 0.8 
 5.4 

36 

Revenues.
 net2phone-UCaaS revenues increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 driven by growth in the United States, although
revenue increased in all net2phone-UCaaS regions. Seats served increased 47 to 226,000 at July 31, 2021 from 154,000 at July 31, 2020.
Subscription revenue increased 39 to 41.5 million in fiscal 2021 from 29.9 million in fiscal 2020, led by growth in the U.S. market.
net2phone-UCaaS launched its integration with Slack in the third quarter of fiscal 2021, building on its prior integrations with Zoho
and Microsoft Teams. Also in fiscal 2021, net2phone-UCaaS launched an integration with Salesforce. In November 2020, net2phone-UCaaS
announced it had launched its service in Peru and in December 2020, it expanded coverage to six additional cities in Brazil. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to the increase in revenues,
with the largest increases in the United States and Latin America. 

Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 
 Change 
 
 Direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues 
 18.5 
 20.2 
 (1.7 

Direct
cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased 170 basis points in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily because of a
decrease in direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in the United States. net2phone-UCaaS focus on mid-sized businesses,
multi-channel strategies, and localized offerings generated revenue growth that exceeded the increase in direct cost of revenues. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily
due to increases in employee compensation and sales commissions. As a percentage of net2phone-UCaaS revenues, net2phone-UCaaS 
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 102.4 from 114.3 in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Depreciation
and Amortization . The increase in depreciation and amortization expense in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was due to increased
depreciation of net2phone-UCaaS telephone equipment leased to customers and increased depreciation of capitalized costs of consultants
and employees developing internal use software. 

Other
Operating Expense, net. Other operating expense, net in fiscal 2021 was due to the settlement of a legal matter. Other operating
expense, net in fiscal 2020 was due to the write-off of certain capitalized assets related to a cancelled project . 

Traditional
Communications Segment 

The
Traditional Communications segment, which represented 91.8 and 93.2 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively,
includes Mobile Top-Up, which enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging, and data to international and
domestic mobile accounts, BOSS Revolution Calling, an international long-distance calling service marketed primarily to immigrant communities
in the United States and Canada, and Carrier Services, a wholesale provider of international voice and SMS termination and outsourced
traffic management solutions to telecoms worldwide. Traditional Communications also includes net2phone-Platform Services, which provides
telephony services to cable operators and other offerings that leverage a common technology platform, as well as smaller communications
and payments offerings, many in harvest mode. Most of the Traditional Communications segment was previously included in our Telecom 
Payment Services segment except for net2phone-Platform Services, which was previously included in our net2phone segment. 

Traditional
Communications most significant revenue streams are from Mobile Top-Up, BOSS Revolution Calling, and Carrier Services. Mobile
Top-Up and BOSS Revolution Calling are sold direct-to-consumers and through distributors and retailers. We receive payments for BOSS
Revolution Calling, traditional calling cards, and Mobile Top-Up prior to providing the services. We recognize the revenue when services
are provided to the customer. Traditional Communications revenues tend to be somewhat seasonal, with the second fiscal quarter
(which contains Christmas and New Year s Day) and the fourth fiscal quarter (which contains Mother s Day and Father s
Day) typically showing higher minute volumes. 

37 

(in millions) 
 
 Change 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 
 /# 

Revenues: 

Mobile Top-Up 
 461.6 
 334.4 
 127.2 
 38.0 
 
 BOSS Revolution Calling 
 455.2 
 468.3 
 (13.1 
 (2.8 
 
 Carrier Services 
 361.0 
 394.3 
 (33.3 
 (8.5 
 
 Other 
 50.9 
 57.1 
 (6.2 
 (10.8 
 
 Total revenues 
 1,328.7 
 1,254.1 
 74.6 
 6.0 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 (1,119.8 
 (1,058.4 
 (61.4 
 (5.8 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (118.1 
 (134.1 
 16.0 
 11.9 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (11.0 
 (14.7 
 3.7 
 25.6 
 
 Severance 
 (0.4 
 (3.5 
 3.1 
 87.0 
 
 Other operating gain (expense), net 
 0.6 
 (4.5 
 5.1 
 112.6 
 
 Income from operations 
 80.0 
 38.9 
 41.1 
 105.4 

Minutes of use: 

BOSS Revolution Calling 
 3,554 
 3,913 
 (359 
 (9.2 
 
 Carrier Services 
 10,511 
 14,398 
 (3,887 
 (27.0 

Revenues.
 Revenues from Mobile Top-Up increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily from product expansion and continued growth
across all of our distribution channels, including the addition of a business-to-business channel in fiscal 2021. The business-to-business
channel was the main driver for Mobile Top-Up s revenue increase in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. In addition, our acquisition
of a mobile top-up company in December 2020 contributed to our increased penetration into the market in Africa. 

Revenues
and minutes of use from BOSS Revolution Calling decreased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 although COVID-19 related demand in
fiscal 2021 slowed the rate of decline in BOSS Revolution Calling revenue that we have experienced in recent periods. BOSS Revolution
Calling continues to be impacted by persistent, market-wide trends, including the proliferation of unlimited calling plans offered by
wireless carriers and mobile virtual network operators, and the increasing penetration of free and paid over-the-top voice, video conferencing,
and messaging services. 

Revenues
and minutes of use from Carrier Services decreased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 as communications globally continued to transition
away from international voice calling. This trend was accelerated by the impact of COVID-19 as business communications shifted from calling
to video conferencing and other collaboration platforms. We expect that Carrier Services will continue to be adversely impacted by these
trends, and minutes of use and revenues will likely continue to decline from quarter-to-quarter, as we seek to maximize economics rather
than necessarily sustain minutes of use or revenues. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to increases in Mobile Top-Up s
direct cost of revenues in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 as a result of the increase in its revenues, partially offset by decreases
in Carrier Services and BOSS Revolution Calling s direct cost of revenues in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 

Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 
 Change 
 
 Direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues 
 84.3 
 84.4 
 (0.1 

Direct
cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased 10 basis points in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 because of decreases in
direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in Mobile Top-Up and BOSS Revolution Calling in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020,
mostly offset by an increase in direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in Carrier Services in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal
2020. The decreases in direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in Mobile Top-Up and BOSS Revolution Calling were primarily
due to the continued migration of customers to our digital platforms. The increased adoption of our digital, direct-to-consumer channels
is expected to continue, which is expected to contribute to future reductions in direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily
due to decreases in employee compensation, stock-based compensation, marketing expense, and bad debt expense, partially offset by an
increase in debit and credit card processing charges. The increases in card processing charges were the result of the shift in the sales
of our consumer offerings from cash transactions at retailers to credit and debit card transactions through our BOSS Revolution Calling
app and other digital channels. As a percentage of Traditional Communications revenue, Traditional Communications selling,
general and administrative expense decreased to 8.9 from 10.7 in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

38 

Depreciation
and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization expense decreased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 as more of our property,
plant, and equipment became fully depreciated, partially offset by depreciation of equipment added to our telecommunications network
and capitalized costs of consultants and employees developing internal use software. 

Severance
Expense. We incurred severance expense of 0.4 million and 3.5 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Other
Operating Gain (Expense), net. Other operating gain (expense), net in fiscal 2021 included a gain of 2.0 million received from the
sale to a third party of all our rights under the Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation. The lawsuit
is about claims that merchants paid excessive fees to accept Visa and Mastercard cards between January 1, 2004 and January 25, 2019 because
Visa and Mastercard, individually, and together with their respective member banks, violated the antitrust laws. Other operating gain
(expense), net also included expense for the indemnification of a net2phone cable telephony customer related
to patent infringement claims brought against the customer of 0.5 million and 1.2 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively.
Other operating gain (expense), net in fiscal 2021 also included expense for a settlement of a Carrier Services claim for 0.6
million and other expense of 0.3 million. In addition, other operating gain (expense), net in fiscal 2020 included an accrual for non-income
related taxes related to one of our foreign subsidiaries of 2.2 million, a write-off of 0.6 million for certain assets primarily in
Latin America, and expense of 0.5 million for a legal matter. 

Corporate 

(in millions) 

Change 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 

General and administrative expenses 
 (7.5 
 (9.1 
 1.6 
 16.6 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (0.1 
 (0.1 
 
 (64.4 
 
 Other operating gain (expense), net 
 0.2 
 (0.5 
 0.7 
 142.4 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (7.4 
 (9.7 
 2.3 
 23.5 

Corporate
costs include compensation, consulting fees, treasury, tax and accounting services, human resources, corporate purchasing, corporate
governance including Board of Directors fees, internal and external audit, investor relations, corporate insurance, corporate
legal, charitable contributions, travel, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses. Corporate does not generate
any revenues, nor does it incur any direct cost of revenues. 

General
and Administrative. Corporate general and administrative expense decreased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily because
of a decrease in stock-based compensation due to reductions in expense of deferred stock units granted in June 2019 and stock options,
as well as a decrease in employee compensation. As a percentage of our consolidated revenues, Corporate general and administrative expense
was 0.5 and 0.7 in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Other
Operating Gain (Expense), net. As discussed in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 to Part II of
this Annual Report, we (as well as other defendants) have been named in a pending putative class action on behalf of Straight Path s
stockholders and a derivative complaint. We incurred legal fees of 2.9 million and 3.6 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively,
related to this action. Also, we recorded offsetting gains from insurance claims for this matter of 3.1 million and 3.1 million in
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Consolidated 

The
following is a discussion of certain of our consolidated expenses, and our consolidated income and expense line items below income from
operations. 

Related
Party Lease Costs. We lease office and parking space in Rafael Holdings building and parking garage located at 520 Broad St,
Newark, New Jersey. We also lease office space in Israel from Rafael Holdings. The Newark lease expires in April 2025 and the Israel
lease expires in July 2025. In both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, we incurred lease costs of 1.9 million in connection with the Rafael
Holdings leases, which is included in consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses. 

39 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense. Stock-based compensation expense included in consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses was
 1.5 million and 3.9 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. The decrease in stock-based compensation expense in fiscal
2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily due to reductions in expense of deferred stock units granted in June 2019 and stock options.
At July 31, 2021, unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation was an aggregate of 0.6 million. The
unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period that ends in fiscal 2024. 

(in millions) 
 
 Change 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 

Income from operations 
 57.0 
 17.9 
 39.1 
 217.6 
 
 Interest income, net 
 0.3 
 1.1 
 (0.8 
 (69.5 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 7.9 
 (1.3 
 9.2 
 724.8 
 
 Benefit from income taxes 
 31.7 
 3.7 
 28.0 
 755.9 
 
 Net income 
 96.9 
 21.4 
 75.5 
 352.4 
 
 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (0.4 
 
 (0.4 
 nm 
 
 Net income attributable to IDT Corporation 
 96.5 
 21.4 
 75.1 
 350.2 

nm not
meaningful 

Other
Income (Expense), net. Other income (expense), net consists of the following: 

(in millions) Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Foreign currency transaction gains 
 1.0 
 0.4 
 
 Equity in the net loss of investee 
 (1.1 

Write-off of tax assets related to prior periods 
 
 (1.3 
 
 Gain (loss) on investments 
 8.8 
 (0.3 
 
 Other 
 (0.8 
 (0.1 
 
 TOTAL 
 7.9 
 (1.3 

On
February 2, 2021, we paid 4.0 million to purchase shares of series B convertible preferred stock of a communications company (the equity
method investee, or EMI). The shares purchased represent 23.95 of the outstanding shares of the EMI on an as converted basis. We account
for this investment using the equity method since the series B convertible preferred stock is in-substance common stock, and we can exercise
significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the EMI. We determined that on the date of the acquisition, there
was a difference of 3.4 million between our investment in the EMI and our proportional interest in the equity of the EMI, which represented
our share of the EMI s customer list on the date of acquisition. This basis difference is being amortized over the 6-year estimated
life of the customer list. 

The
gain on investments in fiscal 2021 is primarily from appreciation of shares of Rafael Holdings Class B common stock, partially offset
by unrealized losses on hedge funds. 

Income
Taxes. In fiscal 2021, we released 46.5 million of our valuation allowance on the portion of our deferred income tax assets that
we are more likely than not going to utilize. This release was mostly related to domestic deferred income tax assets. We used the framework
of ASC Income Taxes (Topic 740) to determine whether the valuation allowance should be maintained or reversed. We considered the
scheduled expiration of our net operating losses included in our deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning
strategies in our assessment of the valuation allowance. The primary factors that resulted in the valuation allowance release were the
three consecutive years of profitability in the United States and expected future profitability in both the United States and the United
Kingdom that will utilize a significant portion of the net operating losses. Our tax planning strategies were not a significant factor
in the analysis. In fiscal 2020, due to taxable income in the United States, we utilized deferred tax assets and released the corresponding
valuation allowance to offset income tax expense of 3.5 million. In addition, in fiscal 2020, we released an additional 8.4 million
of the valuation allowance on the portion of the deferred tax assets that we are more likely than not going to utilize because we forecasted
future profitability in the United States. The increase in income tax expense in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, excluding the benefits
from the valuation allowance released in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, was primarily due to differences in the amount of taxable income
earned in the various taxing jurisdictions. 

40 

Net
(Income) Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests. The change in the net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests
in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was due to the reduction in the net loss of NRS, as well as new noncontrolling interests in fiscal
2021. In fiscal 2021, we acquired an aggregate of 75 of the issued shares of a company that provides a digital platform facilitating
supply and distribution of mobile airtime and data top-ups and other services across borders. As of May 31, 2021, we entered into a Warrant
Purchase Agreement with the shareholders of a variable interest entity, or VIE, that operates money transfer businesses. We have various
management rights and protective provisions pursuant to the Warrant Purchase Agreement. Primarily as a result of the Warrant Purchase
Agreement, we can obtain 90 of the ownership interests in the VIE. We consolidated the VIE as of May 31, 2021 because we determined
that we are the primary beneficiary of the VIE since we have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact
its economic performance, and we have the obligation to absorb losses of and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially
be significant to it. We do not currently own any interest in the VIE and thus the net income incurred by the VIE was attributed to noncontrolling
interests. Finally, on December 31, 2020, the previously approved compensatory arrangement with each of Howard S. Jonas, the Chairman
of our Board of Directors, and Shmuel Jonas, our Chief Executive Officer, was finalized. Howard S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas each received
fifty restricted shares of net2phone 2.0, Inc., or net2phone 2.0, Class B common stock, which represents 5 of the outstanding common
stock of net2phone 2.0. net2phone 2.0 owns and operates our net2phone-UCaaS segment. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, including the impact of COVID-19, we currently expect our cash from operations and the balance of
cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments that we held on July 31, 2021 will be sufficient to meet our
currently anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements during fiscal 2022. 

At
July 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and unrestricted current equity investments of 161.4 million and working
capital (current assets in excess of current liabilities) of 48.8 million. 

We
treat unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services as substantially restricted and unavailable for other purposes.
At July 31, 2021, Cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated balance sheet included an aggregate of 15.3 million held
by IDT Payment Services that was unavailable for other purposes. 

(in millions) Year ended July 31 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 66.6 
 (29.6 
 
 Investing activities 
 (44.1 
 (32.5 
 
 Financing activities 
 (4.5 
 (5.6 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 7.7 
 11.7 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 25.7 
 (56.0 

Operating
Activities 

Our
cash flows from operations vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results and the
timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable. 

Gross
trade accounts receivable increased to 51.1 million at July 31, 2021 from 50.3 million at July 31, 2020 primarily due to amounts billed
during fiscal 2021 that were greater than collections in fiscal 2021. 

Deferred
revenue arises from sales of prepaid products and varies from period to period depending on the mix and the timing of revenues. Deferred
revenue increased to 42.3 million at July 31, 2021 from 40.1 million at July 31, 2020 primarily due to an increase in the BOSS Revolution
Calling deferred revenue balance. 

Customer
deposit liabilities at IDT Financial Services Limited, our Gibraltar-based bank, decreased to 115.5 million at July 31, 2021 from 116.0
million at July 31, 2020. Our restricted cash and cash equivalents included 115.8 million and 116.3 million at July 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, held by the bank. 

On
December 21, 2020, we received 2.0 million from the sale to a third party of all our rights under the Payment Card Interchange Fee and
Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation. The lawsuit is about claims that merchants paid excessive fees to accept Visa and Mastercard
cards between January 1, 2004 and January 25, 2019 because Visa and Mastercard, individually, and together with their respective member
banks, violated the antitrust laws. 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. We have evaluated our state tax filings with respect to the Wayfair decision
and are in the process of reviewing our remittance practices. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability
for periods for which we have not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful
it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions may change
their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to our operations, and if such changes were made it could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. 

41 

Investing
Activities 

Our
capital expenditures were 16.8 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 16.0 million in fiscal 2020. We currently anticipate that total capital
expenditures in fiscal 2022 will be 18 million to 20 million. We expect to fund our capital expenditures with our net cash provided
by operating activities and cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments on hand. 

On
December 3, 2020, our subsidiary IDT International Telecom, Inc., or IDTIT, acquired 51 of the issued shares of a company for 2.4 million,
net of cash acquired. We also recorded 0.4 million for the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration
of 0.5 million will be paid (a) no later than November 30, 2021 if the acquired company generates EBITDA (as defined in the purchase
agreement) of no less than 1.0 million between October 1, 2020 and September 30, 2021; or (b) no later than November 30, 2022 if the
acquired company generates EBITDA of no less than 1.0 million between October 1, 2021 and September 30, 2022. Also, pursuant to a Put/Call
Option Agreement related to the 5 of the issued shares of the acquired company that the seller did not initially sell to IDTIT, or the
Option Shares, the seller exercised its option and on March 22, 2021, IDTIT purchased the Option Shares for 0.3 million. On June 15,
2021, IDTIT purchased 19 of the issued shares of the acquired company from the remaining noncontrolling interest holder for 1.0 million.
We also recorded 0.2 million for the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration of up to 0.3 million
will be paid if the acquired company meets certain Adjusted EBITDA targets (as defined in the purchase agreement) no later than April
1, 2023. 

On
December 11, 2019, our subsidiary, net2phone, Inc. acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of Ringsouth Europa, S.L., a regional provider
of cloud communications services to businesses in Spain. The cash paid for the acquisition was 0.5 million. We also recorded 0.4 million
for the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration includes two potential payments to the seller
of 0.4 million each, based on monthly recurring revenue targets to be achieved over a 36-month period and 48-month period. The second
potential payment is not contingent upon meeting the target for the first payment. 

On
September 29, 2021, NRS sold 862,442 shares of its Class B common stock, which represents 2.5 of its outstanding capital stock on a
fully diluted basis, to Alta Fox Opportunities Fund LP, or Alta Fox, for cash of 10 million. Alta Fox has the right to request redemption
of all or any portion of the NRS common shares that it purchased at the per share purchase price during a period of 182 days following
the fifth anniversary of this transaction. The redemption right shall terminate upon the consummation of (i) a sale of NRS or its assets
for cash or securities that are listed on a national securities exchange, (ii) a public offering of NRS securities, or (iii) a
distribution of NRS capital stock following which NRS common shares are listed on a national securities exchange. 

As
of May 31, 2021, we purchased a warrant from the shareholders of a VIE for cash of 0.8 million, which is included in financing activities,
and a contingent payment of 0.1 million. We acquired cash of 3.3 million from the initial consolidation of the VIE, which is included
in investing activities. 

On
December 7, 2020, we purchased from Rafael Holdings 218,245 newly issued shares of Rafael Holding s Class B common stock and a
warrant to purchase up to 43,649 shares of Rafael Holding s Class B common stock at an exercise price of 22.91 at any time on
or after December 7, 2020 and on or prior to June 6, 2022. The aggregate purchase price was 5.0 million. The purchase price was based
on a per share price of 22.91, which was the closing price of Rafael Holding s Class B common stock on the New York Stock Exchange
on the trading day immediately preceding the purchase date. On March 15, 2021, we exercised the warrant in full and purchased 43,649
shares of Rafael Holding s Class B common stock for cash of 1.0 million. 

On
February 2, 2021, we paid 4.0 million to purchase shares of the EMI s series B convertible preferred stock representing 23.95 
of the outstanding shares of the EMI on an as converted basis. On August 10, 2021, we paid 1.1 million to purchase shares of the EMI s
series C convertible preferred stock and additional shares of the EMI s series B convertible preferred stock. These purchases increased
our ownership of the EMI s outstanding shares to 26.57 on an as converted basis. 

Purchases
of debt securities and equity investments were 43.2 million and 22.4 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. Proceeds
from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemptions of equity investments were 26.2 million and 6.5 million in fiscal 2021
and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

42 

Financing
Activities 

We
distributed cash of 0.9 million and 0.9 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, to the noncontrolling interests in certain
of our subsidiaries. 

In
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, we received proceeds from financing-related other liabilities of 0.7 million and nil, respectively. 

In
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, we repaid financing-related other liabilities of 0.1 million and 0.5 million, respectively. 

On
April 20, 2020, our subsidiary, IDT Domestic Telecom, Inc., or IDT DT, received loan proceeds of
 10.0 million from TD Bank, N.A., pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program, or the PPP Loan, under the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration . On April
29, 2020, IDT DT returned all 10.0 million in proceeds from the PPP Loan. 

In
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, we received proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 0.7 million and 0.3 million, respectively,
for which we issued 81,041 and 32,551 shares, respectively, of our Class B common stock. 

Our
subsidiary, IDT Telecom, Inc., or IDT Telecom, entered into a credit agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, with TD Bank, N.A. for a revolving
credit facility for up to a maximum principal amount of 25.0 million. IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working capital requirements
and for certain closing costs of the facility. At July 31, 2021, IDT Telecom had not borrowed any amounts under this facility. The revolving
credit facility is secured by primarily all of IDT Telecom s assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum at the
Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration Ltd. LIBOR multiplied by the Regulation D maximum reserve requirement plus 125 to
175 basis points, depending upon IDT Telecom s leverage ratio as computed for the most recent fiscal quarter. Interest is payable
monthly, and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due in May 2024. IDT Telecom pays a quarterly unused commitment
fee on the average daily balance of the unused portion of the 25.0 million commitment of 30 to 85 basis points, depending upon IDT Telecom s
leverage ratio as computed for the most recent fiscal quarter. IDT Telecom is required to comply with various affirmative and negative
covenants as well as maintain certain targets based on financial ratios during the term of the revolving credit facility. As of July
31, 2021, IDT Telecom was in compliance with all of the covenants. 

IDT
Telecom had a credit agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, with TD Bank, N.A. for a revolving credit facility for up to a maximum
principal amount of 25.0 million until its maturity on July 15, 2020. The principal outstanding incurred interest per annum at the LIBOR
rate adjusted by the Regulation D maximum reserve requirement plus 125 basis points. In fiscal 2020, we borrowed and repaid an aggregate
of 1.4 million under the facility. IDT Telecom paid a quarterly unused commitment fee of 0.3 per annum on the average daily balance
of the unused portion of the 25.0 million commitment. 

We
have an existing stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors for the repurchase of shares of our Class B common stock.
The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 8.0 million shares in the aggregate. In fiscal 2021, we repurchased 463,792
shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 2.8 million. In fiscal 2020, we repurchased 671,117 shares of our
Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 4.2 million. At July 31, 2021, 5.8 million shares remained available for repurchase
under the stock repurchase program. 

In
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, we paid 1.3 million and 0.3 million, respectively, to repurchase 109,381 and 37,348 shares, respectively,
of our Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of ours to satisfy the employees tax withholding obligations in connection
with the lapsing of restrictions on awards of deferred stock units and restricted stock. Such shares are repurchased by us based on their
fair market value on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. 

Other
Sources and Uses of Resources 

We
are considering spin-offs, sales of equity, and other potential dispositions of certain of our subsidiaries. Some of the transactions
under consideration are in early stages and others are more advanced. A spin-off may include the contribution of a significant amount
of cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and/or equity securities to the subsidiary prior to the spin-off, which would reduce our
capital resources. The sale of a subsidiary s equity in an initial public offering or other transaction would instead be a source
of cash. In fiscal 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors had directed us to prepare for the potential spin-off of our net2phone
cloud communications business. Management subsequently has stated that it expects the preparations will be complete by the end of calendar
year 2021 or shortly thereafter. There is no assurance at this time that any of these transactions will be completed. 

We
intend to, where appropriate, make other strategic investments and acquisitions to complement, expand, and/or enter into new businesses.
In considering acquisitions and investments, we search for opportunities to profitably grow our existing businesses and/or to add qualitatively
to the range and diversification of businesses in our portfolio. At this time, we cannot guarantee that we will be presented with acquisition
opportunities that meet our return-on-investment criteria, or that our efforts to make acquisitions that meet our criteria will be successful. 

43 

CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS 

The
following table quantifies our future contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at July 31, 2021: 

Payments
Due by Period 

(in millions) 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 3 years 
 4 5 years 
 After 5 years 
 
 Purchase commitments 
 3.7 
 3.7 

Connectivity obligations under service agreements 
 0.8 
 0.7 
 0.1 

Operating leases including short-term leases 
 8.9 
 3.2 
 4.3 
 1.4 

TOTAL CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS (1) 
 13.4 
 7.6 
 4.4 
 1.4 

(1) The
 above table does not include an aggregate of 19.6 million in performance bonds and 1.7
 million in potential contingent consideration related to business acquisitions due to the
 uncertainty of the amount and/or timing of any such payments. 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in relevant SEC regulations that are reasonably likely to have
a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources, other
than the following. 

In
connection with our spin-off of Straight Path in July 2013, we and Straight Path entered into various agreements prior to the spin-off
including a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with Straight
Path after the spin-off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and Straight Path with respect to,
among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local, and foreign taxes for periods before and including the spin-off, the preparation
and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods. Pursuant to the Separation
and Distribution Agreement, we indemnify Straight Path and Straight Path indemnifies us for losses related to the failure of the other
to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation
Agreement, we indemnify Straight Path from all liability for taxes of Straight Path or any of its subsidiaries or relating to the Straight
Path business with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the spin-off, from all liability for taxes of ours, other than Straight
Path and its subsidiaries, for any taxable period, and from all liability for taxes due to the spin-off. (see Note 22 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report). 

We
have performance bonds issued through third parties for the benefit of various states in order to comply with the states financial
requirements for money remittance licenses and telecommunications resellers. At July 31, 2021, we had aggregate performance bonds of
 19.6 million outstanding. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the reports of the independent registered public accounting firms thereon starting
on page F-1 are included herein. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of July 31, 2021. 

44 

Report
of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We,
the management of IDT Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company ), are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting of the Company. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; 

2. Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
 receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and directors of the Company; and 

3. Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements. 

Management
has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021. In making this assessment,
the Company s management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting, as prescribed above, as of July 31, 2021. Based on our evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting
as of July 31, 2021 was effective based on the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by COSO. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Grant
Thornton, LLP has provided an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

45 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

 IDT
Corporation 

Opinion
on internal control over financial reporting 

We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of IDT Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended July 31, 2021, and our report dated October 14, 2021
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis
for opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
 GRANT THORNTON LLP 

New
 York, New York 

October
 14, 2021 

46 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following is a list of our directors and executive officers along with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive
Officers 

Shmuel
Jonas Chief Executive Officer 

Marcelo
Fischer Chief Financial Officer 

Bill
Pereira President and Chief Operating Officer 

Mitch
Silberman Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 

Joyce
J. Mason Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Menachem
Ash Executive Vice President of Strategy and Legal Affairs 

Nadine
Shea Executive Vice President of Global Human Resources 

David
Wartell Chief Technology Officer 

Directors 

Howard
S. Jonas Chairman of the Board 

Liora
Stein Current Board Member 

Michael
Chenkin Certified Public Accountant; previously worked in the Audit Department of Coopers and Lybrand and as a consultant to the
securities industry 

Eric
F. Cosentino Former Rector of the Episcopal Church of the Divine Love, Montrose, New York 

Judah
Schorr Founder of Judah Schorr MD PC, an anesthesia provider to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and medical offices, and
has been its President and owner since its inception 

The
remaining information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate
Governance 

We
have included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K certificates of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We
make available free of charge through the investor relations page of our web site www.idt.net/ir our Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports
on Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable
after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and
ethics for all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer.
Copies of the codes of business conduct and ethics are available on our web site. 

Our
web site and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

47 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

48 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1. Report
 of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated
Financial Statements covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

2. Financial
 Statement Schedule. 

All
schedules have been omitted since they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required or not applicable. 

3. Exhibits.
 Exhibit Numbers 10.01, 10.02, 10.03, 10.04, 10.05 and 10.06 are management contracts or compensatory
 plans or arrangements. 

The
exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 

Certain
of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have
been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with
 the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the
 agreements; 

may
 apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were
 made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent
 developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties
were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

(b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibits 
 
 3.01(1) 
 
 Third
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 

3.02(2) 
 
 Seventh Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant. 

4.2(3) 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10.01(4) 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 14, 2016, between the Registrant and Howard S. Jonas. 

10.02(5) 
 
 2005 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, of IDT Corporation. 

10.03(6) 
 
 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan of IDT Corporation. 

10.04(7) 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 12, 2015, between IDT Telecom and Bill Pereira. 

10.05(8) 
 
 Agreement, dated December 5, 2017, between IDT Corporation, Bill Pereira and IDT Telecom. 

49 

10.06(9) 
 
 Stock Option Agreement between the Registrant and Howard Jonas, dated May 2, 2017. 

10.07(9) 
 
 Assignment Agreement between the Registrant and Howard Jonas, dated September 19, 2017. 

21.01 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.01 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton, LLP 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

____________ 

filed
 herewith. 

(1) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed April 5, 2011. 

(2) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed October 30, 2020. 

(3) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 10-K/A, filed December 22, 2020. 

(4) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed December 20, 2016. 

(5) Incorporated
 by reference to Schedule 14A, filed November 5, 2013. 

(6) Incorporated
 by reference to Form S-8, filed October 11, 2019. 

(7) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed January 14, 2015. 

(8) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed December 5, 2017 

(9) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2017, filed October 16, 2017. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

50 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Shmuel Jonas 

Shmuel
 Jonas 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date:
October 14, 2021 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Titles 
 Date 

/s/
 Shmuel Jonas 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 October
 14, 2021 
 
 Shmuel
 Jonas 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Marcelo Fischer 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 October
 14, 2021 
 
 Marcelo
 Fischer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Mitch Silberman 
 Chief
 Accounting Officer and Controller 
 October
 14, 2021 
 
 Mitch
 Silberman 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Howard S. Jonas 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 October
14, 2021 
 
 Howard
 S. Jonas 

/s/
 Liora Stein 
 Director 
 October
 14, 2021 
 
 Liora
 Stein 

/s/
 Michael Chenkin 
 Director 
 October
 14, 2021 
 
 Michael
 Chenkin 

/s/
 Eric F. Cosentino 
 Director 
 October
 14, 2021 
 
 Eric
 F. Cosentino 

/s/
 Judah Schorr 
 Director 
 October
 14, 2021 
 
 Judah
 Schorr 

51 

IDT
Corporation 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

 IDT
Corporation 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of IDT Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity,
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended July 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the two years in the period ended July 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ),
and our report dated October 14, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

New
York, New York 

 October
14, 2021 

F- 2 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

July
 31 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Restricted
 cash and cash equivalents 

Debt
 securities 

Equity
 investments 

Trade
 accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 
 and 
 at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Disbursement prefunding 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Other
 current assets 

TOTAL
 CURRENT ASSETS 

Property,
 plant, and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other
 intangibles, net 

Equity
 investments 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred
 income tax assets, net 

Other
 assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND EQUITY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Trade
 accounts payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Deferred
 revenue 

Customer
 deposits 

Other
 current liabilities 

TOTAL
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Other
 liabilities 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments
 and contingencies 

EQUITY: 

IDT
 Corporation stockholders equity: 

Preferred
 stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued 

Class
 A common stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued and shares outstanding at July 31, 2021
 and 2020 

Class
 B common stock, 
 par value; authorized shares ;
 
 and 
 shares issued and 
 and 
 shares outstanding at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Common stock, value 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Treasury
 stock, at cost, consisting of 
 and 
 shares of Class A common stock and 
 and 
 shares of Class B common stock at July 31, 2021 and 2020,
 respectively 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 IDT Corporation stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling
 interests 

TOTAL
 EQUITY 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year
 ended July 31 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 REVENUES 

COSTS
 AND EXPENSES: 

Direct
 cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 

Selling,
 general and administrative (i) 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Severance 

TOTAL
 COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Other
 operating gain (expense), net (see Note 14) 

Income
 from operations 

Interest
 income, net 

Other
 income (expense), net 

Income
 before income taxes 

Benefit
 from income taxes 

NET
 INCOME 

Net
 (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

NET
 INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO IDT CORPORATION 

Earnings
 per share attributable to IDT Corporation common stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average
 number of shares used in calculation of earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

(i) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year
 ended July 31 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 NET
 INCOME 

Other
 comprehensive (loss) income: 

Change
 in unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Other
comprehensive loss 

COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME 

Comprehensive
 (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO IDT CORPORATION 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

IDT
CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 
 7 
 8 

IDT
 Corporation Stockholders 

Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2019 

Exercise
 of stock options 

Repurchases
 of Class B common stock through repurchase program 

Restricted
 Class B common stock purchased from employees 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Grant
 of restricted equity in subsidiary (see Note 11). 

Stock issued for matching contributions
 to the 401(k) Plan 

Stock issued for matching contributions
 to the 401(k) Plan, shares 

Business
 acquisition 

Acquisition of interest in variable
 interest entity (see Note 13) 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Net
 income for the year ended July 31, 2020 

BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2020 

F- 6 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) (Continued) 

IDT
 Corporation Stockholders 

Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2020 

Exercise
 of stock options 

Repurchases
 of Class B common stock through repurchase program 

Restricted
 Class B common stock purchased from employees 

Stock issued for matching contributions
 to the 401(k) Plan 

Grant
 of restricted equity in subsidiary (see Note 20). 

Business
 acquisition 

Acquisition of interest in variable
 interest entity (see Note 13) 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Net
 income for the year ended July 31, 2021 

Net
 income 

BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2021 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year
 ended July 31 (in thousands) 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES 

Net
 income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Deferred
 income taxes 

Provision
 for doubtful accounts receivable 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Other 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Trade
 accounts receivable 

Disbursement
 prefunding, prepaid expenses, other current assets, and other
 assets 

Trade
 accounts payable, accrued expenses, other current liabilities, and other liabilities 

Customer
 deposits at IDT Financial Services Limited (Gibraltar-based bank) 

Deferred
 revenue 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES 

Capital
 expenditures 

Payments
 for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Cash acquired from acquisition of interest in variable
 interest entity 

Purchase
 of Rafael Holdings, Inc. Class B common stock and warrant 
 
 ) 

Exercise
 of warrant to purchase shares of Rafael Holdings, Inc. Class B common stock 

Purchase
 of series B convertible preferred stock in equity method investment 

Purchases
 of debt securities and equity investments 

Proceeds
 from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemption of equity investments 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Payment for acquisition of warrant in variable interest
 entity 

Proceeds from other liabilities 

Repayment
 of other liabilities 

Proceeds
 from note payable 

Repayment
 of note payable 

Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds
 from borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Repayments
 of borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Repurchases
 of Class B common stock 

Net
 cash used in financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Cash,
 cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash,
 cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash
 payments made for interest 

Cash
 payments made for income taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Liabilities
 incurred for acquisition 

Stock issued
 for matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

reportable business segments, Fintech, net2phone-Unified
Communications as a Service UCaaS ), and Traditional Communications. 

million previously included in Prepaid expenses was reclassified to Disbursement prefunding and 
million previously included in Trade accounts payable was reclassified to Other current liabilities. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, or years; computer software , or years; and furniture and fixtures ,
 or years. Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the term of their lease
or their estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. 

The
fair value of non-compete agreement, customer relationships, and tradenames acquired in a business combination accounted for under the
purchase method are amortized over their estimated useful lives (see Notes 6 and 12). 

The
Company tests the recoverability of its property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company tests for recoverability
based on the projected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less
than the carrying value of the asset, the Company will record an impairment loss, if any, based on the difference between the estimated
fair value and the carrying value of the asset. The Company generally measures fair value by considering sale prices for similar assets
or by discounting estimated future cash flows from such asset using an appropriate discount rate. Cash flow projections and fair value
estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates and assumptions prove to be incorrect, the
Company may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and 
 million, respectively. 

These
costs consist of payments made to third parties and the salaries of employees working on such software development. Subsequent additions,
modifications or upgrades to internal-use software are capitalized only to the extent that they allow the software to perform a task
it previously did not perform. Software maintenance and training costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Capitalized
internal use software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense related to
such capitalized software in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 was 
 million and 
 million, respectively. Unamortized capitalized
internal use software costs at July 31, 2021 and 2020 were 
 million and 
 million, respectively. 

percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts
recognized in the financial statements will generally result in one or more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes
payable, a reduction of an income tax refund receivable, a reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in a deferred tax liability. 

The
Company classifies interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income tax expense. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

On
August 1, 2021, the Company adopted ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) , Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes,
 that removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740, and clarifies and amends existing guidance in Topic 740.
The adoption of this new standard had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Effect
 of dilutive securities: 

Stock
 options 

Non-vested
 restricted Class B common stock 

Diluted
 weighted-average number of shares 

The
following outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise prices of the
stock options were greater than the average market price of the Company s stock during the period: 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Concentration
of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is limited due to the large number of customers in various geographic regions
and industry segments comprising the Company s customer base. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenues
in fiscal 2021 or fiscal 2020. However, the Company s five largest customers collectively accounted for 
 and 
 of its consolidated revenues in fiscal 2021 and
fiscal 2020, respectively. The Company s customers with the five largest receivable balances collectively accounted for 
 and 
 of the consolidated gross trade accounts receivable
at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This concentration of customers increases the Company s risk associated with nonpayment
by those customers. In an effort to reduce such risk, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its significant customers. In
addition, the Company attempts to mitigate the credit risk related to specific Carrier Services customers by also buying services from
the customer, in order to create an opportunity to offset its payables and receivables and reduce its net trade receivable exposure risk.
When it is practical to do so, the Company will increase its purchases from Carrier Services customers with receivable balances that
exceed the Company s applicable payables in order to maximize the offset and reduce its credit risk. 

2020 

Reserves
 deducted from accounts receivable: 

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

(1) 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
Company elected to apply the optional ASC 842 transition provisions beginning on August 1, 2019. Accordingly, the Company continued to
apply Topic 840 prior to August 1, 2019. The Company elected the package of practical expedients for all its leases that commenced before
August 1, 2019. In addition, the Company elected not to apply the recognition requirements of ASC 842 for its short-term leases. As the
Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, nor is one readily available, the Company used its incremental borrowing rate
based on information available at August 1, 2019 to determine the present value of its future minimum rental payments. 

reportable
business segments, Fintech, net2phone-UCaaS, and Traditional Communications, reflect management s approach to
analyzing results, its resource allocation strategy, and its assessment of business performance. Comparative segment information has
been reclassified and restated in all periods to conform to the current period presentation. 

The
Company s reportable segments are distinguished by types of service, customers, and methods used to provide their services. The
operating results of these business segments are regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker. The accounting
policies of the segments are the same as the accounting policies of the Company as a whole. There are no significant asymmetrical allocations
to segments. The Company evaluates the performance of its business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. 

The
Fintech segment comprises BOSS Revolution Money Transfer, a provider of international money remittance and related value/payment transfer
services, and National Retail Solutions NRS ), operator of a nationwide point of sale POS network
providing payment processing, digital advertising, transaction data, and ancillary services. BOSS Revolution Money Transfer and NRS were
previously included in the Company s Telecom Payment Services segment. 

The
net2phone-UCaaS segment comprises net2phone s cloud communications offerings, which were previously included in the Company s
net2phone segment. 

The
Traditional Communications segment includes Mobile Top-Up, which enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging,
and data to international and domestic mobile accounts, BOSS Revolution Calling, an international long-distance calling service marketed
primarily to immigrant communities in the United States and Canada, and Carrier Services, a wholesale provider of international
voice and SMS termination and outsourced traffic management solutions to telecoms worldwide. Traditional Communications also includes
net2phone-Platform Services, which provides telephony services to cable operators and other offerings that leverage a common technology
platform, as well as smaller communications and payments offerings, many in harvest mode. Most of the Traditional Communications segment
was previously included in the Company s Telecom Payment Services segment except for net2phone-Platform Services, which was
previously included in the Company s net2phone segment. 

Corporate
costs include compensation, consulting fees, treasury, tax and accounting services, human resources, corporate purchasing, corporate
governance including Board of Directors fees, internal and external audit, investor relations, corporate insurance, corporate
legal, business development, charitable contributions, travel, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses. Corporate
does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any direct cost of revenues. 

IDT
CORPORATION 
 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(Loss) income from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Year ended July 31, 2020 

Revenues 

Income (loss) from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total
assets for the reportable segments are not provided because a significant portion of the Company s assets are servicing multiple
segments and the Company does not track such assets separately by segment. 

Geographic
Information 

Total
 assets 

July
 31, 2020 

Long-lived
 assets, net 

Total
 assets 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

BOSS
Revolution Calling direct-to-consumers 

BOSS
Revolution Calling direct-to-consumers is offered on a pay-as-you-go basis or in unlimited plans. The customer prepays for service in
both cases, which results in a contract liability (deferred revenue). The contract term for pay-as-you-go plans is minute-to-minute that
includes separate performance obligations for the series of material rights to renew the contract. The performance obligation is satisfied
immediately after it arises, and the amount of consideration is known when the obligation is satisfied. Since the Company s satisfaction
of its performance obligation and the customer s use of the service occur simultaneously, the Company recognizes revenue at the
point in time when minutes are utilized, since the customer obtained control and the Company has a present right to payment. For unlimited
plans, the Company has a stand ready obligation to provide service over time for an agreed upon term. Unlimited plans include fixed consideration
over the term. Plan fees for unlimited plans are generally refundable up to three days after payment if there was no usage. Since the
Company s satisfaction of its performance obligation and the customer s use of the service occur over the term, the Company
recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. The Company uses an output method as time elapses because it reflects
the pattern by which the Company satisfies its performance obligation through the transfer of service to the customer. The fixed upfront
consideration is recognized evenly over the service period, which is generally 24 hours, 7 days, or one month. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling sold through distributors and retailers 

BOSS
Revolution Calling sold through distributors and retailers is the same service as BOSS Revolution Calling direct-to-consumers. The Company
sells capacity to international calling minutes to retailers, or to distributors who resell to retailers. The retailer or distributor
is the Company s customer in these transactions. The Company s sales price to retailers and distributors, net of discounts,
is less than the end user rate for BOSS Revolution Calling minutes. The customer or the Company may terminate their agreement at
any time upon thirty days written notice without penalty. Retailers may sell BOSS Revolution Calling on a pay-as-you-go basis or in unlimited
plans. As described above, for pay-as-you-go, the Company recognizes revenue at the point in time when minutes are utilized, and for
unlimited plans, the Company recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. Retailers and distributors also receive
initial commissions upon sale to end users, and renewal commissions when certain end users subsequently purchase minutes directly
from the Company. Initial and renewal commission payments are accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price over time
as the end user uses the service. 

Carrier
Services 

Carrier
Services are offered to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Postpaid customers are billed in arrears and typically consist of credit-worthy
companies such as Tier 1 carriers and mobile network operators. Prepaid customers are typically smaller communications companies and
independent call aggregators. There is no performance obligation until the transport and termination of international long-distance calls
commences. The initial contract durations range from six months to one year with successive extensions. During the initial term, the
contract can only be terminated in certain instances (such as bankruptcy of either party, damage to the other party s network,
fraud, or breach of contract). However, no penalties are applied if the agreement is terminated in the initial term. After the initial
term has expired, either party may terminate the agreement with notice of 30 days to 60 days depending on the agreement. The term of
the contract is essentially minute-to-minute as there is no penalty for an early termination and no obligation to send traffic. 

Each
iteration is a separate optional purchase that is occurring over the contract duration (that is, minute-by-minute). The satisfaction
of the performance obligation is occurring at a point in time (as the minutes are transferred) because the provision of the service and
the satisfaction of the performance obligation are essentially occurring simultaneously. Revenue is recognized at the point in time upon
delivery of the service. 

The
Company has not generally entered into contracts that have retroactive pricing features. Additionally, as the performance obligations
are considered minute-by-minute obligations in the original contract, any modification of the original contract that leads to a conclusion
that there is a new contract would not result in any adjustment related to the original contract s consideration. 

The
Company provides discounts to its larger customers based on the expectation of a significant volume of minutes that are consistent with
that class of customer in the wholesale carrier market. The discounts do not provide a material right to the customer because the customer
receives the same pricing for all usage under the contract. 

Carrier
Services contracts may include tiered pricing based on minute volumes. The Company determined that its retroactive tiered pricing
should be accounted for as variable consideration because the final transaction price is unknown until the customer completes or fails
to complete the specified threshold. Currently, contracts with retroactive tiered pricing are not material. The Company estimates the
amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a subsequent change
in the estimate would not result in a significant revenue reversal. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
Company enters into Notification of Reciprocal Transmission NORT transactions, in which the Company commits to purchase
a specific number of wholesale carrier minutes to other specific destinations at specified rates, and the counterparty commits to purchase
from the Company a specific number of minutes to specific destinations at specified rates. The number of minutes purchased and sold is
not necessarily the same. The rates in these reciprocal transactions are generally not at prevailing market rates, and the amounts paid
to the counterparty in excess of market rates are reflected as a reduction in revenue received from the customer. In addition, the Company
enters into transactions in which it swaps minutes with another carrier. The Company recognizes revenue and the related direct cost of
revenue for these reciprocal and swap transactions based on the fair value of the minutes. 

Carrier
Services NORT contracts include the promise of minimum guaranteed amounts of traffic. The performance obligation represents a
stand ready obligation to provide the specified number of minutes over the contractual term. The initial terms of NORT contracts generally
range from one month to six months. Since the Company s satisfaction of its performance obligation of routing calls to their destination
includes a minimum guaranteed amount of traffic, the Company recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. The
customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Company s performance as the Company performs. The Company
uses an output method as the usage of minutes occur because it reflects the pattern by which the Company satisfies its performance obligation
through the transfer of service to the customer. 

Disaggregated
Revenues 

National
 Retail Solutions 

Total
 Fintech 

net2phone-UCaaS 

Mobile
 Top-Up 

BOSS
 Revolution Calling 

Carrier
 Services 

Other 

Total
 Traditional Communications 

TOTAL 

The
following table shows the Company s revenues disaggregated by geographic region, which is determined based on selling location.
On July 31, 2020, the Company restructured certain operations for tax purposes resulting in the change of geographic sourcing of revenues
from the Netherlands to the United States, and on February 1, 2021, geographic sourcing was changed from the United States to the
United Kingdom. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Outside
 the United States: 

United
 Kingdom 

Netherlands 

Other 

Total
 outside the United States 

TOTAL 

Year
 ended July 31, 2020 

United
 States 

Outside
 the United States: 

United
 Kingdom 

Netherlands 

Other 

Total
 outside the United States 

TOTAL 

Remaining
Performance Obligations 

The
Company does not have any significant revenue from performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in previous reporting periods.
The Company s remaining performance obligations at July 31, 2021 and 2020 had an original expected duration of one year or less. 

Accounts
Receivable and Contract Balances 

The
timing of revenue recognition may differ from the time of billing to the Company s customers. Trade accounts receivable in the
Company s consolidated balance sheets represent unconditional rights to consideration. An entity records a contract asset when
revenue is recognized in advance of the entity s right to bill and receive consideration. The Company has not identified any contract
assets. 

Contract
liabilities arise when the Company receives consideration or bills its customers prior to providing the goods or services promised in
the contract. The Company s contract liability balance is primarily payments received for prepaid BOSS Revolution Calling. Contract
liabilities are recognized as revenue when services are provided to the customer. The Company estimates its expected breakage revenue
by revenue stream recorded each month, based on inputs and assumptions about usage of the deferred revenue balances. The Company used
its historical deferred revenue usage data by revenue stream to calculate the percentage of deferred revenue by month that will become
breakage. The historical data indicated that customers utilize a very high percentage of minutes purchased in the first three months.
The Company reviews its estimates quarterly based on updated data and adjusts the monthly estimates accordingly. 

The
contract liability balances are presented in the Company s consolidated balance sheets as Deferred revenue . The Company s
revenue recognized in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 from amounts included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period
was 
 million and 
 million, respectively. 

Deferred
Customer Contract Acquisition and Fulfillment Costs 

The
Company recognizes as an asset its incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer that it expects to recover. The Company
charges its direct costs to fulfill contracts to expense as incurred. The Company s incremental costs of obtaining a contract with
a customer are sales commissions paid to acquire customers. The Company applies the practical expedient whereby the Company primarily
charges these costs to expense when incurred because the amortization period would be one year or less for the asset that would have
been recognized from deferring these costs. For net2phone-UCaaS sales, employees and third parties receive commissions on sales to end
users. The Company amortizes the deferred costs over the expected customer relationship period when it is expected to exceed one year. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Deferred
 customer contract acquisition costs included in Other assets 

TOTAL 

In
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company s amortization of deferred customer contract acquisition costs was 
 million and 
 million, respectively. 

. net2phone-UCaaS also has operating
leases for office equipment. Certain of these leases include renewal options that may be exercised and/or options to terminate the lease.
The Company has concluded that it is not reasonably certain that it would exercise the options to extend or terminate the leases. 

The
adoption of ASC 842 resulted in the recognition of operating lease liabilities of million and operating ROU assets of the same
amount as of August 1, 2019 based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments associated with the Company s leases. 

net2phone-UCaaS
is the lessee in equipment leases that were classified as capital leases under Topic 840 and are finance leases under ASC 842. The assets
and liabilities related to these finance leases are not material to the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company leases office and parking space from Rafael Holdings, Inc. Rafael in a building and parking garage located
at 520 Broad St, Newark, New Jersey. The Company also leases office space in Israel from Rafael. Howard S. Jonas, the Chairman of the
Company s Board of Directors, is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Rafael. In
both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company incurred lease costs of 
 million in connection with the Rafael leases,
which is included in operating lease cost in the table below. 

Short-term
 lease cost 

TOTAL
 LEASE COST 

Cash
 paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 

years 
 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average
 discount rate-operating leases 

On
September 1, 2020, the Company entered into a new lease with an aggregate operating lease liability of million. The Company s
aggregate operating lease liability was as follows: 

Operating
 lease liabilities included in noncurrent liabilities 

TOTAL 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Restricted
 cash and cash equivalents 

TOTAL
 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

At
July 31, 2021 and 2020, restricted cash and cash equivalents included 
 million and 
 million, respectively, in restricted cash and
cash equivalents for customer deposits held by IDT Financial Services Limited, the Company s Gibraltar-based bank. 

Company
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company treats unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services, which provides the Company s international
money transfer services in the United States, as substantially restricted and unavailable for other purposes. At July 31, 2021 and 2020,
 Cash and cash equivalents in the Company s consolidated balance sheets included an aggregate of 
 million and 
 million, respectively, held by IDT Payment
Services that was unavailable for other purposes. 

of the issued shares
of a company that provides a digital platform facilitating supply and distribution of mobile airtime and data top-ups and
other services across borders. The operating results of the acquired company from
the date of acquisition, which were not significant, are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cash
 acquired 

Cash
 paid, net of cash acquired 

Contingent
 consideration 

Total
 fair value of consideration, net of cash acquired 

million will be paid (a) no later than November 30, 2021 if the acquired company generates EBITDA (as defined in the purchase
agreement) of no less than 1.0 million between October 1, 2020 and September 30, 2021; or (b) no later than November 30, 2022 if
the acquired company generates EBITDA of no less than 1.0 million between October 1, 2021 and September 30, 2022. The
acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using discounted cash flow models. This fair value
measurement was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represents a Level 3 measurement. There was
no change in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31,
2021. 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Property,
 plant, and equipment 

Goodwill 

Customer
 relationships -year useful life) 

Tradenames
 -year useful life) 

Deferred
 income tax assets 

Other
 assets 

Trade
 accounts payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Other
 current liabilities 

Non-compete
 agreement 

Other
 liabilities 

Noncontrolling
 interests 

Net
 assets acquired excluding cash 

The goodwill was assigned to the Traditional Communications segment
and was attributable primarily to the assembled workforces and the expected synergies from the business combination. The goodwill is
not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Pursuant
to a Put/Call Option Agreement related to the of the issued shares of the acquired company that the seller did not initially sell
to IDTIT Option Shares ), the seller exercised its option and on March 22, 2021, IDTIT purchased the Option Shares for
 million. The purchase of the Option Shares resulted in a million reduction in Noncontrolling interests and a
 reduction in Additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. 

On June 15, 2021, IDTIT purchased of
the issued shares of the acquired company from the remaining noncontrolling interest holder. The purchase price was cash of million
plus contingent consideration of up to million if the acquired company meets certain Adjusted EBITDA targets (as defined in the
purchase agreement) no later than April 1, 2023. The acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration of million was
estimated using cash flow models. This fair value measurement was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore
represents a Level 3 measurement. The purchase of the shares resulted in a million reduction in Noncontrolling interests, 
a million reduction in Additional paid-in capital, and million liability in the consolidated balance sheets.
There was no change in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31, 2021. 

The
Company s pro forma results of operations as if the acquisition occurred on August 1, 2019 were not materially different from the
actual results of operations. 

Ringsouth
Europa, S.L. 

On
December 11, 2019, the Company s subsidiary, net2phone, Inc. acquired of the outstanding shares of Ringsouth Europa, S.L. Ringsouth ), a regional provider of cloud communications services to businesses in Spain. The acquisition expanded net2phone s
business into Spain. Ringsouth s operating results from the date of acquisition, which were not significant, are included in the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Contingent
 consideration 

Total
 fair value of consideration 

The second potential payment is not contingent upon meeting the target for
the first payment. The fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using discounted cash flow models and Monte Carlo simulations.
This fair value measurement was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represents a Level 3 measurement.
There was no change in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31, 2021,
although the balance changed due to foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Other
 current assets 

Property,
 plant, and equipment 

Goodwill 

Non-compete
 agreement -year useful life) 

Customer
 relationships -year useful life) 

Tradename
 -year useful life) 

Deferred
 income tax assets 

Other
 assets 

Trade
 accounts payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Other
 current liabilities 

Other
 liabilities 

Net
 assets acquired 

The
goodwill was assigned to the net2phone-UCaaS segment and was attributable primarily to Ringsouth s assembled workforce and expected
synergies from the business combination. The goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

The
Company s pro forma results of operations as if the Ringsouth acquisition occurred on August 1, 2019 were not materially different
from the actual results of operations. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

U.S. Treasury bills and notes 

Corporate bonds 

Municipal bonds 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2020 

Certificates of deposit 

U.S. Treasury bills 

Municipal bonds 

TOTAL 

Proceeds
from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemptions of equity investments were 
 million and 
 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively.
There were no realized gains or realized losses from sales of debt securities in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. 

After
 one year through five years 

After
 five years through ten years 

After
 ten years 

TOTAL 

Corporate bonds 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2020 

Municipal bonds 

At
July 31, 2021 and 2020, there were no securities in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

shares at July 31, 2021 and 2020 

Rafael
 Holdings, Inc. Class B common stock, and shares at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Rafael
 Holdings, Inc. restricted Class B common stock, and nil shares at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Other
 marketable equity securities 

Fixed
 income mutual funds 

Current
 equity investments 

Visa
 Inc. Series C Convertible Participating Preferred Stock Visa Series C Preferred 

Series
 B convertible preferred stock equity method investment 

Hedge
 funds 

Other 

Noncurrent
 equity investments 

The
Company received the Zedge Inc. Zedge Class B common shares and of the unrestricted Rafael Class B common
shares set forth in the table above in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on Zedge and Rafael restricted stock held by certain
of the Company s employees and the Company s payment of taxes related thereto. Howard S. Jonas is the Vice-Chairman of the
Board of Directors of Zedge. 

On
December 7, 2020, the Company purchased from Rafael newly issued shares of Rafael s Class B common stock and a warrant
to purchase up to shares of Rafael s Class B common stock at an exercise price of at any time on or after December
7, 2020 and on or prior to June 6, 2022. The aggregate purchase price of million was allocated million to the shares and 
million to the warrant based on their relative purchase date fair values. The fair value of the warrant on the acquisition date was estimated
using a Black-Scholes valuation model that represented a Level 3 measurement. The purchase price was based on a per share price of ,
which was the closing price of Rafael s Class B common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day immediately preceding
the purchase date. On March 15, 2021, the Company exercised the warrant in full and purchased shares of Rafael s Class B
common stock for cash of million. The aggregate shares of Rafael s Class B common stock were not available for sale,
assignment, or transfer. These restrictions lapsed in June 2021 for shares and September 2021 for shares. 

In
June 2016, upon the acquisition of Visa Europe Limited by Visa, Inc. Visa ), IDT Financial Services Limited received 
 shares of Visa Series C Preferred among other
consideration. At July 31, 2020, each share of Visa Series C Preferred was convertible into 
 shares of Visa Class A common stock (the Conversion
Adjustment), subject to certain conditions, and will be convertible at the holder s option beginning in June 2028. On September
24, 2020, in connection with Visa s first mandatory release assessment, the Company received 
 shares of Visa Inc. Series A Convertible Participating
Preferred Stock Visa Series A Preferred and the Conversion Adjustment for Visa Series C Preferred was reduced to .
In June 2021, the 
 shares of Visa Series A Preferred were converted
into 
 shares of Visa Class A common stock, which
the Company sold for million. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Redemption
 for Visa mandatory release assessment 

Adjustment
 for observable transactions involving a similar investment from the same issuer 

Upward
 adjustments 

Redemptions 

Impairments 

BALANCE,
 END OF PERIOD 

The
Company increased the carrying value of the shares of Visa Series C Preferred it held by 
 million and 
 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively,
based on the fair value of Visa Class A common stock and a discount for lack of current marketability. 

Less:
 net gains recognized during the period on equity investments redeemed during the period 

Unrealized
 gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity investments still held at the reporting date 

Equity
Method Investment 

On
February 2, 2021, the Company paid million to purchase shares of series B convertible preferred stock of a communications company
(the equity method investee, or EMI ). The shares purchased represent of the outstanding shares of the EMI on an
as converted basis. The Company accounts for this investment using the equity method since the series B convertible preferred stock is
in-substance common stock, and the Company can exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the EMI. 

Equity
 in the net loss of investee 

Amortization
 of equity method basis difference 

BALANCE,
 END OF PERIOD 

The
Company determined that on the date of the acquisition, there was a difference of 
 million between its investment in the EMI
and its proportional interest in the equity of the EMI, which represented the Company s share of the EMI s customer list
on the date of acquisition. In
the accompanying consolidated statements of income, amortization of equity method basis difference is included in the equity in the net
loss of investee, which is recorded in Other income (expense), net (see Note 17). 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Noncurrent
 assets 

Current
 liabilities 

Noncurrent
 liabilities 

From
 the date of acquisition to July 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

REVENUES 

COSTS
 AND EXPENSES: 

Direct
 cost of revenues 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

TOTAL
 COSTS AND EXPENSES 

LOSS
FROM OPERATIONS 

Other income,
 net 

NET LOSS 

On August 10, 2021, the Company paid million to purchase
shares of the EMI s series C convertible preferred stock and additional shares of the EMI s series B convertible preferred
stock. These purchases increased the Company s ownership of the outstanding shares of the EMI to on an as converted basis. 

Equity investments included in current assets 

Equity investments included in noncurrent assets 

TOTAL 

Contingent consideration included in: 

Other current liabilities (see Note 6) 

Other noncurrent liabilities (see Note 6) 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2020 

Debt securities 

Equity investments included in current assets 

Equity investments included in noncurrent assets 

TOTAL 

Contingent consideration included in other noncurrent liabilities
 (see Note 6) 

At
July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had 
 million and 
 million, respectively, in investments in hedge
funds, which were included in noncurrent Equity investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company s
investments in hedge funds were accounted for using the equity method, therefore they were not measured at fair value. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Purchase
 of Rafael Holdings, Inc. warrant 

Exercise
 of Rafael Holdings, Inc. warrant 

Redemption
 for Visa mandatory release assessment 

Total
 gains included in Other income (expense), net 

BALANCE,
 END OF PERIOD 

Change
 in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for assets held at the end of the period 

Transfer
 into Level 3 from acquisitions (see Note 6) 

Total losses included in Foreign currency translation adjustments 

BALANCE,
 END OF PERIOD 

Change
 in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for liabilities at the end of the period 

Fair
Value of Other Financial Instruments 

The
estimated fair value of the Company s other financial instruments was determined using available market information or other appropriate
valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting these data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently,
the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid in a current market exchange. 

Cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, other current assets, customer deposits, and other current liabilities. 
At July 31, 2021 and 2020, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated fair value because of the short period of
time to maturity. The fair value estimates for cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents were classified as Level
1 and other current assets, customer deposits, and other current liabilities were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Other
assets and other liabilities. At July 31, 2021 and 2020, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated fair value.
The fair values were estimated based on the Company s assumptions, which were classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Computer
 software 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Less
 accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property,
 plant, and equipment, net 

The Company reduced gross property, plant, and equipment
and accumulated depreciation and amortization by million and million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, for property,
plant, and equipment that was fully depreciated and no longer in service. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense of property, plant, and equipment was million and 
 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

Net 

Depreciation
expense of telephone equipment leased to customers was million and 
 million 
in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Acquisition 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Balance
 at July 31, 2020 

Acquisition 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Balance
 at July 31, 2021 

years 

Non-compete agreements 
 years 

Customer relationships 
 
 years 

TOTAL 
 years 

July 31, 2020 

Tradenames 
 years 

Non-compete agreements 
 years 

Customer relationships 
 years 

TOTAL 
 years 

Amortization
expense of intangible assets was 
 million and 
 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively.
The Company estimates that amortization expense of intangible assets with finite lives will be 
 million, 
 million, 
 million, 
 million, 
and million
in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024, fiscal 2025, and fiscal 2026, respectively. 

million
and a contingent payment of million. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company has various
management rights and protective provisions pursuant to the Warrant Purchase Agreement . Primarily as a result of the Warrant Purchase
Agreement, the Company can obtain 
of the ownership interests in the VIE. The Company
determined that, effective May 31, 2021, it had the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly
impact its economic performance, and the Company has the obligation to absorb losses of and the right to receive benefits
from the VIE that could potentially be significant to it. The Company therefore determined that it is the primary
beneficiary of the VIE, and as a result, the Company consolidates the VIE. The Company does not currently own any interest
in the VIE and thus the net income incurred by the VIE was attributed to noncontrolling interests in the accompanying statements
of income. 

Aggregate
 funding provided by the Company, net 

Restricted cash 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Other intangibles, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Due to the Company 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 ) 

Noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

The
VIE s assets may only be used to settle the VIE s
obligations and may not be used for other consolidated entities. The VIE s liabilities are non-recourse to the general credit
of the Company s other consolidated entities. 

net2phone-UCaaS other,
 net 

Fintech money
 transfer settlement 

Traditional
 Communications gain from sale of rights under class action lawsuit 

Traditional
 Communications net2phone indemnification claim 

Traditional
 Communications accrual for non-income related taxes related to a foreign subsidiary 

Traditional Communications other 

TOTAL 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Straight
Path Communications Inc. Class Action 

As
discussed in Note 22, the Company (as well as other defendants) has been named in a pending putative class action on behalf of
the stockholders of the Company s former subsidiary, Straight Path Communications Inc. Straight Path ), and a
derivative complaint. In fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company incurred legal fees of 
 million and 
 million, respectively, related to this action.
Also, in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company recorded offsetting gains from insurance claims for this matter of 
 million and 
 million, respectively. 

Gain
from Sale of Rights under Class Action Lawsuit 

On
December 21, 2020, the Company received million from the sale to a third party of all its rights under the Payment Card Interchange
Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation. The lawsuit is about claims that merchants paid excessive fees to accept Visa and Mastercard
cards between January 1, 2004 and January 25, 2019 because Visa and Mastercard, individually, and together with their respective member
banks, violated the antitrust laws. 

Indemnification
Claim 

In
June 2019, as part of a commercial resolution, the Company indemnified a net2phone cable telephony customer related to patent infringement
claims brought against the customer. 

Accrual
for Non-Income Related Taxes 

In
fiscal 2020, the Company recorded an accrual for non-income related taxes related to one of its foreign subsidiaries. 

million.
IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working capital requirements and for certain closing costs of the facility. At July
31, 2021, IDT Telecom had not borrowed any amounts under this facility. million commitment of 30 to 85 basis points, depending upon IDT Telecom s leverage ratio as computed for the most recent fiscal
quarter. IDT Telecom is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain targets based on financial ratios during the term of the
revolving credit facility. As of July 31, 2021, IDT Telecom was in compliance with all of the covenants. 

IDT
Telecom had a credit agreement dated as of October 31, 2019, with TD Bank, N.A. for a revolving credit facility for up to a maximum principal
amount of million until its maturity date on July 15, 2020. IDT Telecom paid a quarterly unused commitment fee
of per annum on the average daily balance of the unused portion of the million commitment. 

Note
Payable 

On
April 20, 2020, IDT Domestic Telecom, Inc. IDT DT ), a subsidiary of the Company, received loan proceeds of 
 million (the PPP Loan from TD
Bank, N.A., pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration . On April
29, 2020, IDT DT returned all 
 million in proceeds from the PPP Loan. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Regulatory
 fees and taxes 

Compensation
 costs 

Maintenance and support 

Commissions (money transfer and Mobile Top-Up) 

Legal
 and professional fees 

Other 

TOTAL 

Equity
 in net loss of investee 

Write-off
 of tax assets related to prior periods 

Gain
 (loss) on investments 

Other 

TOTAL 

Foreign 

INCOME
 BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Accrued
 expenses 

Stock
 options and restricted stock 

Charitable
 contributions 

Depreciation 

Unrealized
 gain 

Net
 operating loss 

Deferred
 revenue 

Total
 deferred income tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

NET
 DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Foreign 

Current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Foreign 

Deferred 

BENEFIT FROM INCOME TAXES 

Valuation
 allowance 

Foreign
 tax rate differential 

Nondeductible
 expenses 

Other 

Foreign
 restructuring 

State
 and local income tax, net of federal benefit 

BENEFIT
 FROM INCOME TAXES 

The
Company s cumulative undistributed foreign earnings are included in accumulated deficit in the Company s consolidated balance
sheets and consisted of approximately 
 million at July 31, 2021. The Company has
concluded that the earnings remain permanently reinvested. 

At
July 31, 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
 million. These carry-forward losses are available
to offset future U.S. federal taxable income. million expire in fiscal 2027 through fiscal 2038 .
The Company has foreign net operating losses of approximately 
 million, of which approximately 
 million does not expire, approximately 
 million expires in two to ten years and 
 million expires in twenty years. These foreign
net operating losses are available to offset future taxable income in the countries in which the losses were incurred. million, which will expire through
fiscal 2027. With the reacquisition of net2phone by the Company in March 2006, its losses were limited under Internal Revenue Code Section
382 to approximately 
 million
per year. The net operating losses do not include any excess benefits related to stock options or restricted stock. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2020 

Reserves
 deducted from deferred income taxes, net: 

Valuation
 allowance 

In
fiscal 2021, the Company released 
 million of its valuation allowance on the
portion of the deferred income tax assets that it is more likely than not going to utilize. This release was mostly related to domestic
deferred income tax assets. The Company used the framework of ASC Income Taxes (Topic 740) to determine whether the valuation
allowance should be maintained or reversed. The Company considered the scheduled expiration of its net operating losses included in its
deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in its assessment of the valuation allowance. The primary
factors that resulted in the valuation allowance release were the three consecutive years of profitability in the United States and expected
future profitability in both the United States and the United Kingdom that will utilize a significant portion of the net operating
losses. The Company s tax planning strategies were not a significant factor in the analysis. 

In
fiscal 2020, due to taxable income in the United States, the Company utilized deferred tax assets and released the corresponding valuation
allowance to offset income tax expense of 
 million. In addition, in fiscal 2020, the Company
released an additional 
 million of the valuation allowance on the portion
of the deferred tax assets that it is more likely than not going to utilize because the Company forecasted future profitability
in the United States. 

At
July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not have any unrecognized income tax benefits. There were no changes in the balance of unrecognized
income tax benefits in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. At July 31, 2021, the Company did not expect any changes in unrecognized income tax
benefits during the next twelve months. In fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company did not record any interest and penalties on income
taxes. At July 31, 2021 and 2020, there was no accrued interest included in current income taxes payable. 

In
September 2017, the Company, IDT DT, and certain other affiliates were certified by the New Jersey Economic Development Authority as
having met all of the requirements of the Grow New Jersey Assistance Act Tax Credit Program. The program provides for credits against
a corporation s New Jersey corporate business tax liability and that, tax credits may be sold subject to certain conditions. The
tax credits are dependent on the corporation maintaining a minimum number of employees in New Jersey. The Company has applied for
several years of credits but has not yet received any credits and the Company is not assured of receiving any credits. 

The
Company currently remains subject to examinations of its tax returns as follows: U.S. federal tax returns for fiscal 2018 to fiscal
2021, state and local tax returns generally for fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2021, and foreign tax returns generally for
fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2021. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Stock
Repurchases 

The
Company has an existing stock repurchase program authorized by its Board of Directors for the repurchase of shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million shares in the aggregate. In fiscal 2021,
the Company repurchased shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. In fiscal 2020, the Company
repurchased shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. At July 31, 2021, million shares
remained available for repurchase under the stock repurchase program. 

In
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company paid million and million, respectively, to repurchase and shares, respectively,
of the Company s Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of the Company to satisfy the employees tax withholding
obligations in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on awards of deferred stock units DSUs and restricted stock.
Such shares are repurchased by the Company based on their fair market value on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. 

million shares. At July 31, 2021, the Company
had 
 million shares of Class B common stock reserved
for awards made under the 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 
 million shares were available for future
grants. 

On September 14, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors amended
the Company s 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s Class B common
stock available for the grant of awards thereunder by an additional shares. The amendment is subject to approval by the Company s
stockholders at its annual meeting of stockholders on December 15, 2021. 

Stock
Options 

Option
awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. option awards were granted
in fiscal 2021 or fiscal 2020. The fair value of stock options was estimated on the date of the grant using a Black-Scholes valuation
model. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s Class B common stock and other factors. The Company
uses historical data on exercise of stock options, post vesting forfeitures and other factors to estimate the expected term of the stock-based
payments granted. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled
 / Forfeited 

OUTSTANDING
 AT JULY 31, 2021 

EXERCISABLE
 AT JULY 31, 2021 

The outstanding and exercisable options at July 31, 2021 include
options to purchase up to million shares of the Company s Class B common stock that were granted to Howard S. Jonas on . The exercise price of these options is per share and the options expire on . 

In
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company received proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 
 million and 
 million, respectively, for which the Company
issued 
 and 
 shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock.
The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 was million and ,
respectively. At July 31, 2021, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted
Stock 

The
fair value of restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock is determined based on the closing price of the Company s
Class B common stock on the grant date. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

NON-VESTED SHARES AT JULY 31, 2021 

At
July 31, 2021, there was 
 million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
 
 years. The total grant date fair value of
shares vested in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 was 
 million and 
 million, respectively. 

Deferred
Stock Units Equity Incentive Program 

The
Company has an existing equity incentive program in the form of DSUs that, upon vesting, will entitle the grantees to receive shares
of the Company s Class B common stock. Subject to continued full time employment or other service to the Company, 

On
January 5, 2021 and January 6, 2020, in accordance with the program and based on elections made by certain grantees, the Company issued
 
 and 
 shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock
in respect of vested DSUs. Based on those elections, on January 5, 2021 and January 6, 2020, vesting for 
 and 
 DSUs, respectively, was delayed until the next
vesting date. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

NON-VESTED SHARES AT JULY 31, 2021 

All
of the non-vested DSUs outstanding at July 31, 2021 are eligible to vest (if the conditions therefor are satisfied) on January 5, 2022,
the final vesting date under the program. At July 31, 2021, there was 0 
 million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested DSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 
 years. The total grant date fair value of
DSUs vested in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 was 
 million and 
 million, respectively. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Grant
of Restricted Equity in net2phone 2.0, Inc. 

On
December 31, 2020, the previously approved compensatory arrangement with each of Howard S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, was finalized. Howard S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas each received restricted shares of net2phone 2.0, Inc. net2phone 2.0 Class B common stock, which represents of the outstanding common stock of net2phone 2.0. net2phone 2.0
is a new entity that owns and operates the net2phone-UCaaS segment. The aggregate estimated fair value on the grant date was million,
which will be recognized over the vesting period. 

Other
 comprehensive income (loss) attributable to IDT Corporation 

Balance
 at July 31, 2020 

Balance
 at July 31, 2020 

Other
 comprehensive loss attributable to IDT Corporation 

BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2021 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

On
July 5, 2017, plaintiff JDS1, LLC, on behalf of itself and all other similarly situated stockholders of Straight Path, and derivatively
on behalf of Straight Path as nominal defendant, filed a putative class action and derivative complaint in the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware against the Company, The Patrick Henry Trust (a trust formed by Howard S. Jonas that held record and beneficial ownership
of certain shares of Straight Path he formerly held), Howard S. Jonas, and each of Straight Path s directors. The complaint alleges
that the Company aided and abetted Straight Path Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Davidi Jonas, and Howard S. Jonas
in his capacity as controlling stockholder of Straight Path, in breaching their fiduciary duties to Straight Path in connection with
the settlement of claims between Straight Path and the Company related to potential indemnification claims concerning Straight Path s
obligations under the Consent Decree it entered into with the Federal Communications Commission FCC ), as well as the sale
of Straight Path s subsidiary Straight Path IP Group, Inc. to the Company in connection with that settlement. That action was consolidated
with a similar action that was initiated by The Arbitrage Fund. The Plaintiffs are seeking, among other things, (i) a declaration that
the action may be maintained as a class action or in the alternative, that demand on the Straight Path Board is excused; (ii) that the
term sheet is invalid; (iii) awarding damages for the unfair price stockholders received in the merger between Straight Path and Verizon
Communications Inc. for their shares of Straight Path s Class B common stock; and (iv) ordering Howard S. Jonas, Davidi Jonas,
and the Company to disgorge any profits for the benefit of the class Plaintiffs. On August 28, 2017, the Plaintiffs filed an amended
complaint. On September 24, 2017, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint, which was ultimately denied, and which
denial was affirmed by the Delaware Supreme Court. The parties are engaged in discovery. The trial is currently scheduled for May
2022. The Company intends to vigorously defend this matter (see Note 14). At this stage, the Company is unable to estimate its potential
liability, if any. 

In
addition to the foregoing, the Company is subject to other legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and
have not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, the Company believes that none of the other legal
proceedings to which the Company is a party will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows,
or financial condition. 

Sales
Tax Contingency 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. The Company has evaluated its state tax filings with respect to the Wayfair
decision and is in the process of reviewing its remittance practices. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that the
Company has liability for periods for which it has not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions
were successful it could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and operating results. One
or more jurisdictions may change their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to the Company s operations,
and if such changes were made it could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and operating
results. 

Regulatory
Fees Audit 

The
Company s 2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reports its calendar year 2016 revenue, is currently under audit by the Universal Service
Administrative Company USAC ). The Internal Audit Division of USAC issued preliminary audit findings and the Company has,
in accordance with audit procedures, appealed certain of the findings. The Company awaits a final decision by USAC on the preliminary
audit findings. Depending on the findings contained in the final decision, the Company may further appeal to the FCC. Although a final
decision remains pending, the Company has been invoiced 
 million and 
 million on behalf of the Federal Telecommunications
Relay Services Fund and on behalf of the Universal Service Fund, respectively. The Company does not intend to remit payment for these
fees unless and until a negative decision on its appeal has been issued. In response to the aforementioned preliminary audit findings,
the Company made certain changes to its filing policies and procedures for years that remain potentially under audit. At July 31, 2021
and 2020, the Company s accrued expenses included 
 million and 
 million, respectively, for FCC-related regulatory
fees for the year covered by the audit, as well as prior and subsequent years. 

Purchase
Commitments 

At
July 31, 2021, the Company had purchase commitments of 
 million primarily for equipment and
services. 

Performance
Bonds 

The
Company has performance bonds issued through third parties for the benefit of various states in order to comply with the states 
financial requirements for money remittance licenses and telecommunications resellers. At July 31, 2021, the Company had aggregate performance
bonds of million
outstanding. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

FCC
Investigation of Straight Path Spectrum LLC 

On
September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC requesting certain information and
materials related to an investigation of potential violations by Straight Path Spectrum LLC (formerly a subsidiary of the Company and
Straight Path) in connection with licenses to operate on the 28 GHz and 39 GHz bands of the Fixed Microwave Services. The Company has
cooperated with the FCC in this matter and has responded to the letter of inquiry. If the FCC were to pursue separate action against
the Company, the FCC could seek to fine or impose regulatory penalties or civil liability on the Company related to activities during
the period of ownership by the Company. 

million and 
 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively,
for services provided, net of the amounts charged by Rafael to the Company. At July 31, 2021 and 2020, other current assets reported
in the Company s consolidated balance sheets included net receivable from Rafael of 
million and ,
respectively. 

See
Note 4 for the Company s lease commitments with Rafael. 

Straight
Path Communications Inc. 

On
July 5, 2017, certain Straight Path stockholders filed a putative class action and derivative complaint against the Company and others
(see Note 22). On September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC requesting
certain information and materials related to an investigation of potential violations by Straight Path Spectrum LLC (formerly a subsidiary
of the Company and Straight Path) in connection with licenses to operate on the 28 GHz and 39 GHz bands of the Fixed Microwave Services
(see Note 22). 

Genie
Energy Ltd. 

The
Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement with Genie Energy Ltd. Genie prior to the spin-off of Genie in October
2011, which provides for certain services to be performed by the Company and Genie. The Company charged Genie 
 million and 
 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively,
for services provided and other items, net of the amounts charged by Genie to the Company. At both July 31, 2021 and 2020, other
current assets reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheets included receivables from Genie of 
 million. 

Other
Related Party Transactions 

The
Company provides office space, certain connectivity and other services to Jonas Media Group, a publishing firm owned by Howard S. Jonas.
Billings for such services were and 
 in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. The balance owed to the Company by Jonas Media Group was 
 and 
 as of July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In September 2020, the Company reduced its fiscal 2021 billings by .
The adjusted amount owed to the Company by Jonas Media Group was . 

Mason
and Company Consulting, LLC Mason and Co. ), a company owned solely by Jonathan Mason, receives annual commissions and
fees for the insurance brokerage referral and placement of certain of the Company s insurance policies. Jonathan Mason is the husband
of Joyce J. Mason, the Company s General Counsel, and brother-in-law of Howard S. Jonas. Based on information the Company received
from Jonathan Mason, the Company believes that Mason and Co. received commissions and fees from payments made by the Company in the aggregate
amount of in fiscal 2021 and in fiscal 2020. Neither Howard S. Jonas nor Joyce Mason has any ownership or other interest
in Mason and Co., or the commissions paid to Mason and Co., other than via the familial relationships with Jonathan Mason. 

IDT DT leases space
in a building in the Bronx, New York. The building is owned by a limited liability company that is jointly owned by Howard
S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas. The lease, which became effective November 1, 2012, had a one-year term with a one-year renewal option.
Since the expiration of this lease and until May 31, 2020, the parties continued IDT DT s occupancy of the space on the same terms.
Aggregate annual rent under the lease was .
On June 1, 2020, IDT DT released the space and moved into smaller space at an annual rent of . 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
Company had loans receivable outstanding from employees aggregating million and million at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively,
which are included in Other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

of employment. The plan permits the
discretionary matching contributions to be granted as of December 31 of each year. All contributions made by participants vest immediately
into the participant s account. On May 27, 2021, the Company contributed 
 newly issued shares of its Class B common stock
to the Company s 401(k) Plan for 
 million of matching contributions. In fiscal
2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company s expense related to the plan was 
 million and 
 million, respectively. The Company s Class
A common stock and Class B common stock are not investment options for the plan s participants. 

shares of its Class B common stock, which represents of its outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis,
to Alta Fox Opportunities Fund LP Alta Fox for cash of million. Alta Fox has the right to request redemption of all
or any portion of the NRS common shares that it purchased at the per share purchase price during a period of 182 days following the fifth
anniversary of this transaction. The redemption right shall terminate upon the consummation of (i) a sale of NRS or its assets for cash
or securities that are listed on a national securities exchange, (ii) a public offering of NRS securities, or (iii) a distribution
of NRS capital stock following which NRS common shares are listed on a national securities exchange. 

F- 39 

<EX-21.01>
 2
 ex21-01.htm

Exhibit
21.01 

Domestic
 Subsidiaries 
 
 IDT
 America, Corp. (New Jersey) 
 
 IDT
 Telecom, Inc. (Delaware) 
 
 IDT
 Domestic Telecom, Inc. (Delaware) 
 
 Intergrated
 Online Security, Inc. (Delaware) 
 
 IDT
 Financial Services, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 Net2Phone,
 Inc. (Delaware) 
 
 IDT
 Payment Services of New York, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 Net2Phone
 Global Services, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 IDT
 Payment Services, Inc. (Delaware) 
 
 National
 Retail Solutions, Inc. (Delaware) 

Foreign
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Name 
 
 Country
 of Formation 
 
 IDT
 Corporation de Argentina S.A. 
 
 Argentina 
 
 IDT
 Telecom Asia Pacific (Australia) PTY. LTD. 
 
 Australia 
 
 IDT
 Technologies OOO 
 
 Belarus 
 
 IDT
 Brasil Telecomunica es Ltda 
 
 Brazil 
 
 IDT
 Brazil Limitada 
 
 Brazil 
 
 IDT
 Telecom Canada Corp. 
 
 Canada 
 
 Versature
 Corp. 
 
 Canada 
 
 IDT
 Germany GmbH 
 
 Germany 
 
 IDT
 Financial Services Limited 
 
 Gibraltar 
 
 IDT
 Telecom Asia Pacific Limited 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 IDT
 Italia S.R.L. 
 
 Italy 
 
 DirectTel
 Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 DYP
 C.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 Elmion
 Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 IDT
 Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 IDT
 Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 MJP
 C.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 Pryd
 Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 STA
 Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 Strategic
 Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 IDT
 Spain S.L. 
 
 Spain 
 
 IDT
 Global Limited 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 IDT
 Retail Europe Limited 
 
 United
 Kingdom 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 3
 ex23-01.htm

Exhibit
23.01 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our reports dated October 14, 2021 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting included in the Annual Report of IDT Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021. We consent to the incorporation
by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of IDT Corporation on Forms S-3 (No. 333-104286, 333-115403, 333-11910, 333-37141,
333-43501, 333-45199, 333-53719, 333-61565, 333-71991, 333-77395, 333-80133 and 333-86261) and Forms S-8 (No. 333-100424, 333-105865,
333-110657, 333-116266, 333-130287, 333-130562, 333-146718, 333-154257, 333-177247, 333-19727, 333-199299, 333-208447, 333-214105, 333-220982,
333-42267, 333-49150, 333-63282, 333-73167 and 333-234168). 

/s/GRANT
 THORNTON LLP 

New
 York, New York 

October
 14, 2021 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 ex31-01.htm

Exhibit
31.01 

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I,
Shmuel Jonas, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDT Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 14, 2021 

/s/
 Shmuel Jonas 

Shmuel
 Jonas 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 ex31-02.htm

Exhibit
31.02 

 Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I,
Marcelo Fischer, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDT Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 14, 2021 

/s/
 Marcelo Fischer 

Marcelo
 Fischer 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 ex32-01.htm

Exhibit
32.01 

IDT
CORPORATION 

Certification
Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of IDT Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2021 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Shmuel Jonas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
October 14, 2021 

/s/
 Shmuel Jonas 

Shmuel
 Jonas 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to IDT Corporation and will be retained by IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 7
 ex32-02.htm

Exhibit
32.02 

IDT
CORPORATION 

Certification
Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of IDT Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2021 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Marcelo Fischer, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
October 14, 2021 

/s/
 Marcelo Fischer 

Marcelo
 Fischer 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to IDT Corporation and will be retained by IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 idt-20210731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 idt-20210731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 idt-20210731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 idt-20210731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

