<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211223_10-K_edgar_data_1424844_0001437749-21-029194.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4471543</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>289922</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>798790</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1208880</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1071828</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>975451</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-21-029194.hdr.sgml : 20211223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211223165057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-21-029194
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001424844
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				202735046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53041
		FILM NUMBER:		211517732

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10868 189TH STREET
		CITY:			COUNCIL BLUFFS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			51503
		BUSINESS PHONE:		712-366-0392

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10868 189TH STREET
		CITY:			COUNCIL BLUFFS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			51503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-21-029194.txt : 20211223

10-K
 1
 sire20210930_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

sire20210930_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to __________ 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number ) 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None. 
 
 Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically on its corporate Website every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Emerging growth company 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

As of March 31, 2021, the aggregate market value of the Membership Units held by non-affiliates (computed by reference to the last price at which the Membership Units were sold) was . 
 
 As of December 22, 2021 the Company had Series A Membership Units outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the 2022 annual meeting of the members of the registrant are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 
 
 24 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Member Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 24 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 31 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 45 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 46 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 46 

PART III 
 
 47 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 47 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 47 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Member Matters 
 47 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 47 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 47 

PART IV 
 
 47 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the Company, we , or us contains historical information, as well as forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and relate to future events, our future financial performance, or our expected future operations and actions. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, future, intend, could, hope, predict, target, potential, or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are only our predictions based on current information and involve numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Our actual results or actions may differ materially from these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the reasons described in this report. While it is impossible to identify all such factors, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by us include: 

Changes in the availability and price of corn, natural gas, and steam; 

Negative impacts resulting from the regulatory uncertainty surrounding the renewable fuel volume requirements 

Our inability to comply with our credit agreements required to continue our operations; 

Negative impacts that our hedging activities may have on our operations; 

Decreases in the market prices of ethanol and distillers grains; 

Ethanol supply exceeding demand and corresponding ethanol price reductions; 

Changes in the environmental regulations that apply to our plant operations; 

Changes in plant production capacity or technical difficulties in operating the plant; 

Changes in general economic conditions or the occurrence of certain events causing an economic impact in the agriculture, oil or automobile industries; 

Changes in other federal or state laws and regulations relating to the production and use of ethanol; 

Changes and advances in ethanol production technology; 

Competition from larger producers as well as competition from alternative fuel additives; 

Changes in interest rates and lending conditions of our loan covenants; 

Volatile commodity and financial markets; 

Decreases in export demand due to the imposition of duties and tariffs by foreign governments on ethanol and distillers grains produced in the United States; 

Disruptions, failures or security breaches relating to our information technology infrastructure; 

Trade actions by the Biden Administration, particularly those affecting the biofuels and agriculture sectors and related industries; and 

Disruptions caused by health epidemics, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and the adverse impact of such epidemics on global economic and business conditions. 

These forward-looking statements are based on management s estimates, projections and assumptions as of the date hereof and include various assumptions that underlie such statements. Any expectations based on these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other important factors, including those discussed below and in the section titled "Risk Factors." Other risks and uncertainties are disclosed in our prior Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings. These and many other factors could affect our future financial condition and operating results and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations set forth in the forward-looking statements made in this document or elsewhere by Company or on its behalf. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are included in the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

1

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 The Company is an Iowa limited liability company located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, formed in March 2005. The Company is permitted to produce 140 million gallons of ethanol. We began producing ethanol in February 2009 and sell our ethanol, distillers grains and corn oil in the United States, Mexico and the Pacific Rim. 

Our production facility (the Facility is located in Pottawattamie County in southwestern Iowa, south of Council Bluffs. It is near two major interstate highways, I-29 and I-80, within a mile of the Missouri River and has access to five major rail carriers. This location is in close proximity to a significant amount of corn and has convenient product market access. The Facility receives corn and chemical deliveries primarily by truck and is able to utilize rail delivery if necessary. Finished products are shipped by rail and truck. The site has access to water from ground wells and from the Missouri River. Additionally, in close proximity to the Facility are providers of our primary energy sources (natural gas and electricity), with two natural gas providers available, both with infrastructure immediately accessible to the Facility, and one electrical provider. 
 
 Financial Information 
 
 Please refer to Item 7-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for information about our revenue, profit and loss measurements and total assets and liabilities, as they relate to our overall financial condition, results of operations, and material cash requirements, as well as Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for our financial statements and supplementary data. 
 
 Operations 
 
 Throughout most of 2020 and the first part of 2021, the Company, and the ethanol industry as a whole, experienced significant adverse conditions as a result of industry-wide record low ethanol prices due to reduced demand and high industry inventory levels, primarily attributable to the decrease in travel brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors led us to elect to reduce ethanol production at our plant by approximately fifty percent in April 2020. During May and June 2020, we operated our plant at lower-than-normal ethanol production levels. In June 2020, however, we ramped up production to normal operating levels, and have thus far maintained operations at normal levels for all of 2021. Limiting ethanol production in 2020 also resulted in a corresponding decrease in distillers grains and corn oil production as the production of those co-products are directly correlated with ethanol production. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and pursuant to temporary regulatory relief issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), several ethanol plants and industrial chemical companies found ways to process ethanol into hand sanitizer for medical and consumer applications in early 2020. During our period of reduced production in 2020, the Company found several customers seeking ethanol in bulk for use in hand sanitizers; so the Company bottled "SIREtizer" hand sanitizer for local distribution. Given the economic conditions and the unprecedented decrease in the price and demand for blended gasoline, the Company was able to command a higher margin supplying ethanol for use in hand sanitizer products than for its conventional ethanol product during that time, and the Company produced and sold ethanol-based hand sanitizer as a new line of business in the months of April and May. However, in June 2020, the FDA tightened the temporary regulatory language such that certain ethanol plants, including the Company, halted production and cancelled supply agreements for ethanol used in hand sanitizer. 
 
 Supply and Demand Impact 
 
 Although we continue to regularly monitor the financial health of companies in our supply chain, financial hardship on our suppliers or sub-suppliers caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and new or emerging variants could cause a disruption in our ability to obtain raw materials or components required to produce our products, adversely affecting our operations. Additionally, restrictions or disruptions of transportation, such as reduced availability of truck, rail or air transport, port closures and increased border controls or closures, may result in higher costs and delays, both on obtaining raw materials and shipping finished products to customers, which could harm our profitability, make our products less competitive, or cause our customers to seek alternative suppliers. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 
 On April 14, 2020, the Company received 1.1 million under the new Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP Loan") legislation passed in response to the economic downturn triggered by COVID-19. Our PPP Loan may be forgiven based upon various factors, including, without limitation, our payroll cost over an eight-to-twenty-four week period starting upon our receipt of the funds. Expenses for approved payroll costs, lease payments on agreements before February 15, 2020, and utility payments under agreements before February 1, 2020 and certain other specified costs can be paid with these funds and eligible for payment forgiveness by the federal government. At least 60 of the proceeds must be used for approved payroll costs, and no more than 40 on non-payroll expenses. PPP loan proceeds used by a borrower for the approved expense categories will generally be fully forgiven by the lender if the borrower satisfies certain employee headcount and compensation requirements. The Company has applied for forgiveness on the PPP loan from the Small Business Administration ("SBA") and as of December 18, 2021, is awaiting a response on our request. 

2

Table of Contents 

On January 28, 2021, the Company received an additional 1.1 million under Phase II of the PPP legislation (the "Second PPP Loan"). As in the original PPP loan, expenses for approved payroll costs, lease payments on agreements and utility payments under agreements and certain other specified costs can be paid with these funds and eligible for payment forgiveness by the federal government. At least 60 of the proceeds must be used for approved payroll costs, and no more than 40 for non-payroll expenses. PPP loan proceeds used by a borrower for the approved expense categories will generally be forgiven by the lender if the borrower satisfies certain employee headcount and compensation requirements. The Company applied for forgiveness of the Second PPP Loan in September of 2021. As of December 18, 2021, we are still awaiting a response on our request. 
 
 Rail Access 
 
 We own a six-mile loop railroad track for rail service to our Facility, which accommodates several unit trains. We are party to an Industrial Track Agreement with CBEC Railway, Inc. (the Track Agreement ), which governs our use of the loop railroad and requires, among other things, that we maintain the loop track. 
 
 On March 24, 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to the Amended and Restated Railcar Lease Agreement Railcar Agreement with Bunge North America, Inc. Bunge ), for the lease of 323 ethanol cars and 111 hopper cars which are used for the delivery and marketing of our ethanol and distillers grains. Bunge was a related party until December 31, 2019. Pursuant to the terms of the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the "Bunge Repurchase Agreement") effective December 31, 2019, the Company repurchased the 3,334 Series B membership units owned by Bunge. 
 
 The Railcar Agreement was amended to 110 hopper cars effective November 2019 and effective July 17, 2020, Bunge sold their tankers to Trinity Leasing. Trinity Leasing entered into a lease agreement with the Company which incorporates the terms of the original Bunge Railcar Agreement but reduced the ethanol car level to 320 ethanol cars. Under the Railcar Agreement, the original DOT111 tank cars are leased over a four-year term from March 24, 2019 to April 30, 2023, with the ability to start returning cars after January 1, 2023 to conform to the requirement for DOT117 tank cars with enhanced safety specifications which is scheduled to be effective in May 2023. The 110 hopper cars are leased over a three-year term running from March 24, 2019 to March 31, 2022 which term will continue on a month-to-month basis thereafter. The amendments to the Railcar Agreement lowered the cost for the leases by approximately 20 as compared to the prior lease terms. Pursuant to the terms of a side letter to the Railcar Agreement, we sublease cars to other companies from time to time when the cars are not needed in our operations. We work with the lessor to determine the most economic use of the available ethanol and hopper cars in light of then-current market conditions. In February 2019, we entered into a second 36-month lease for an additional 30 tank cars from Trinity Leasing, which lease runs through January 2022, and in June 2021 we leased an additional 70 tank cars from Trinity Leasing, which lease runs through April 2023. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We had 62 full time employees, as of September 30, 2021. We are not subject to any collective bargaining agreements and we have not experienced any work stoppages. Our management considers our employee relationships to be favorable. We employ individuals in the local region around our one facility, though we have attracted talent from across the country as needed to fill our roles which require technical or professional backgrounds. We compete for employees with competitive wages and benefits. 
 
 Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic we have taken proactive action to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. We enacted appropriate safety measures, including implementing social distancing protocols, staggered schedules and shifts, as appropriate, and frequently disinfecting our workspaces. We expect to continue to implement health and safety measures for the health of our employees and our business, and we may take further action as government authorities require or recommend or as we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. 
 
 Principal Products 
 
 The principal products we produce are ethanol, distillers grains, distillers corn oil, and carbon dioxide (" CO2 "). 
 
 Ethanol 
 
 Our primary product is ethanol. Ethanol is ethyl alcohol, a fuel component made primarily from corn and various other grains, which can be used as: (i) an octane enhancer in fuels; (ii) an oxygenated fuel additive for the purpose of reducing ozone and carbon monoxide vehicle emissions; and (iii) a non-petroleum-based gasoline substitute. More than 99 of all ethanol produced in the United States is used in its primary form for blending with unleaded gasoline and other fuel products. The principal purchasers of ethanol are generally wholesale gasoline marketers or blenders. Ethanol is shipped by truck in the local markets, and by rail in the regional, national and international markets. 

3

Table of Contents 

We produced 129.8 million and 117.8 million gallons of ethanol for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 (" Fiscal 2021 ") and September 30, 2020 Fiscal 2020 ), respectively, and approximately 75 and 74.3 of our revenue was derived from the sale of ethanol in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. The increase in gallons produced, and our revenues from ethanol sales during Fiscal 2021, was derived from the start of the emergence from the COVID pandemic and the increased usage of liquid fuels compared to 2020. 

Distillers Grain 
 
 The principal co-product of the ethanol production process is distillers grains, a high protein, high-energy animal feed marketed primarily to the beef and dairy industries. Distillers grains contain by-pass protein that is superior to other protein supplements such as cottonseed meal and soybean meal. We produce two forms of distillers grains: wet distillers grains with solubles WDGS and dried distillers grains with solubles DDGS ). WDGS are processed corn mash that has been dried to approximately 50 to 65 moisture. WDGS have a shelf life of approximately seven days and are sold to local markets. DDGS are processed corn mash that has been dried to approximately 10 to 12 moisture. It has a longer shelf life and may be sold and shipped to any market. 
 
 In Fiscal 2021, we sold 3.2 greater tons of distillers grains compared to Fiscal 2020. Approximately 18.3 and 20 of our revenue was derived from the sale of distillers grains in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. The increase in distillers grains produced and sold during Fiscal 2021 resulted principally from markets and transportation returning to normal levels after the dramatic declines in 2020. 
 
 Corn Oil 
 
 Our system separates corn oil from the post-fermentation syrup stream as it leaves the evaporators of the ethanol plant. The corn oil is then routed to storage tanks, and the remaining concentrated syrup is routed to the plant s syrup tank. Corn oil can be marketed as either a feed additive or a biodiesel feedstock. We sold 6.3 greater tons of corn oil in Fiscal 2021 than in Fiscal 2020, with approximately 6.3 and 5.0 of our revenue generated from corn oil sales, respectively. 

Carbon Dioxide 
 
 In April 2013, we entered into a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement (the CO2 Agreemen t with Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., formerly known as EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. ("Air Products") under which we agreed to supply, and Air Products agreed to purchase, a portion of raw CO2 gas produced by our facility. In addition, we entered into a Non-Exclusive CO2 Facility Site Lease Agreement under which we granted Air Products a non-exclusive right of entry and license to construct, maintain and operate a carbon dioxide liquefaction plant (the CO2 Plant on a site near our facility. The term of the CO2 Agreement runs for ten (10) years from the startup of the CO2 Plant (the Initial Term and then renews automatically for two (2) additional five (5) year periods thereafter, unless written notice of termination is submitted within six (6) months prior to the end of the then-current term. 
 
 Air Products pays us a base price per ton, which acts as a floor price, Air Products will pay us an additional amount based on Air Products profits above a minimum targeted margin. The CO2 Agreement also contains a take or pay obligation pursuant to which Air Products agrees to pay us for a minimum number of tons each year. CO2 was 0.3 of our revenue for Fiscal 2021 and 0.4 in Fiscal 2020. 
 
 Principal Product Markets 
 
 As described below in Distribution Methods, we market and distribute all of our ethanol through Bunge pursuant to the terms of the Restated Ethanol Agreement effective January 1, 2020. Distiller grains were handled through Bunge during the first half of fiscal year 2020 pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Distiller s Grain Purchase Agreement dated December 5, 2014 (the " DG Purchase Agreement "). The DG Purchase Agreement expired December 31, 2019; however, as part of the Bunge Repurchase Agreement, Bunge agreed to provide transition services until March 31, 2020 for all duties and responsibilities under the original DG Purchase Agreement. The Company is now responsible for all duties and responsibilities previously performed by Bunge under the DG Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Our ethanol, distillers grains and distillers corn oil are primarily sold in the domestic market; however, as markets allow, our products can be, and have been, sold in the export markets. We explore all markets for our distillers grains and corn oil products, and we expect Bunge to explore all markets for our ethanol, including export markets. We believe that there is some potential for increased international sales of our products; however, due to high transportation costs, and the fact that we are not located near a major international shipping port, we expect a majority of our products to continue to be marketed and sold domestically. 

4

Table of Contents 

According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (the " EIA "), in the first nine months of 2021, ethanol exports decreased 10 as compared to the first nine months of 2020, and 21 as compared to the first nine months of 2019. This puts exports at their lowest point for this period in five years. Canada remains the country importing the largest percentage of ethanol produced in the United States. South Korea has become the second largest export market for ethanol produced in the United States, while India remains close behind as the third largest destination of U.S. ethanol exports. Exports of the U.S. ethanol to these three countries constitute roughly 55 of all U.S. ethanol exports. China and Peru represent the remaining countries in the top 5 for destinations for U.S. ethanol exports in the first nine months of 2021. 
 
 Brazil moved from second place to seventh place, as tariffs implemented by Brazil on U.S. ethanol imports have significantly reduced Brazilian demand. Brazilian demand fell in recent years due to the impact of tariffs on U.S. ethanol imports. The effect of the tariff has been exacerbated by the expiration of a rate tariff quota that previously allowed 750 million liters of ethanol annually to be shipped into Brazil before the tariff applied. This has made ethanol imports more expensive than domestically produced Brazilian ethanol. Despite exports to Brazil being at a decade low, the U.S. Department of Agriculture ("USDA") anticipates that there may be significant gains in this market during Fiscal 2022 due to the Brazilian drought and frost damage that lowered sugarcane yields and raised sugar prices, exacerbated by ongoing fuel recovery demand. 
 
 The increase in Chinese imports of ethanol produced in the United States appears to be primarily attributable to a weak crush margin for Chinese producers coupled with Chinese demand rebounding to near 2019 levels. Although Chinese biofuel and trade policy remains uncertain, and import levels have significantly decreased in the latter half of Fiscal 2021, the resurgence of the Chinese market may signal additional export opportunities in the future as Chinese biofuels and carbon- reduction policies are explored. 
 
 Ethanol export demand is more unpredictable than domestic demand, and tends to fluctuate over time as it is subject to monetary and political forces in other nations. For instance, a strong U.S. Dollar is an example of a force that may negatively impact ethanol exports from the United States. In addition, the Chinese and Brazil tariffs have had, and likely will continue to have, a negative impact on the export market demand and prices for ethanol produced in the United States. There is also potential for the imposition of tariffs by other countries in addition to Brazil and China due to trade disputes with the United States which could reduce the overall export demand and therefore could have a negative impact on ethanol prices. 
 
 Distillers grains have become more accepted as animal feed throughout the world and therefore, distillers grains exports have increased and may continue to increase as worldwide acceptance grows. According to the Renewable Fuels Association (the "RFA"), U.S. distillers grains annual exports through September 30, 2021 were approximately 5 higher than distillers grains exports for the same nine month period last year. Mexico, South Korea, Vietnam, Indonesia, and Turkey are now the top destinations for U.S. distillers grains exports with Canada significantly trimming its imports in 2020 and 2021. 
 
 We market and distribute all of the corn oil we produce directly to end users or middlemen within the domestic market. Corn oil can be used as the feedstock to produce biodiesel, as a feed ingredient and has other industrial uses. 
 
 Distribution Methods 
 
 On December 5, 2014, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Ethanol Purchase Agreement with Bunge which was further amended and restated on October 23, 2017 to include specific provisions for loading and shipment of ethanol by truck (the Ethanol Agreement ). Under the Ethanol Agreement, the Company agreed to sell Bunge all of the ethanol produced by the Company, and Bunge agreed to purchase the same. The Company paid Bunge a percentage fee for ethanol sold by Bunge, subject to a minimum and maximum annual fee. The initial term of the Ethanol Agreement expired on December 31, 2019. As part of the Bunge Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the "Bunge Repurchase Agreement"), the parties entered into a restated Ethanol Agreement effective January 1, 2020 (the "Restated Ethanol Agreement") which provides that the Company will pay Bunge a flat monthly marketing fee. The term of the Restated Ethanol Agreement expires on December 31, 2026. 
 
 We were a party to a Distillers Grain Purchase Agreement, as amended DG Agreement with Bunge, under which Bunge was obligated to purchase from us and we were obligated to sell to Bunge all distillers grains produced at our Facility. Under the DG Agreement, Bunge paid us a purchase price equal to the sales price minus the marketing fee and transportation costs. The sales price was the price received by Bunge in a contract consistent with the DG Marketing Policy or the spot price agreed to between Bunge and the Company. Bunge received a marketing fee consisting of a percentage of the net sales price, subject to a minimum and maximum amount. Net sales price is the sales price less the transportation costs and rail lease charges. The transportation costs were all freight charges, fuel surcharges, and other access charges applicable to delivery of distillers grains. The initial term of the DG Agreement expired on December 31, 2019; however, as part of the Bunge Repurchase Agreement, Bunge agreed to provide transition services until March 31, 2020 for all duties and responsibilities of the DG Purchase Agreement. The Company is now responsible for all duties and responsibilities previously performed by Bunge under the DG Purchase Agreement. 

5

Table of Contents 

Rail lease charges are the monthly lease payment for rail cars along with all administrative and tax filing fees for such leased rail cars. 
 
 We market and distribute all of the distillers corn oil we produce directly to our buyers within the domestic market. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 Corn Requirements 
 
 The principal raw material necessary to produce ethanol, distillers grain and corn oil is corn. We are significantly dependent on the availability and price of corn which are affected by supply and demand factors such as crop production, carryout, exports, government policies and programs, risk management and weather. With the volatility of the weather and commodity markets, we cannot predict the future price of corn. Because the market price of ethanol is not directly related to corn prices, we, like most ethanol producers, are not able to compensate for increases in the cost of corn through adjustments in our prices for our ethanol although we do see increases in the prices of our distillers grain during times of higher corn prices. However, given that ethanol sales comprise a majority of our revenues, our inability to adjust our ethanol prices can result in a negative impact on our profitability during periods of high corn prices. 
 
 High corn prices have a negative effect on our operating margins unless the price of ethanol and distillers grains out paces rising corn prices. During Fiscal 2021, corn prices were higher compared to Fiscal 2020. Overall corn acres planted in 2021 were up 3 over 2020 and the nationwide yield was 3 higher than in 2020 as well. We benefitted from what we believe to be record yields in our local western Iowa region allowing our Facility to acquire the corn we need to continue to run at full operating level rates throughout the winter months of Fiscal 2022. 
 
 Our management expects that corn prices will remain steady or move slightly higher through the first two quarters of Fiscal 2022 due to the beneficial forecasts for corn demand from the USDA. If corn prices rise similar to the record prices seen in 2021, however, it would have an adverse impact on our operating margins unless the prices we receive for our ethanol and distillers grains are able to outpace the rising corn prices. Management continually monitors corn prices and the availability of corn near the Facility and also continually attempts to minimize the effects of the volatility of corn costs on profitability through its risk management strategies, including hedging positions taken in the corn market. 
 
 Our Facility would need approximately 48.3 million bushels of corn annually, to produce 140 million gallons of ethanol, or approximately 132,300 bushels per day. During Fiscal 2021 we purchased 13.1 more corn compared to Fiscal 2020, which was obtained entirely from local markets. The Company and Bunge were also parties to an Amended and Restated Grain Feedstock Agency Agreement (the Agency Agreement ). The Agency Agreement provided that Bunge procure corn for the Company and the Company pay Bunge a per bushel fee, subject to a minimum and maximum annual fee. The initial term of the Agency Agreement expired on December 31, 2019; however, as part of the Bunge Repurchase Agreement, Bunge agreed to provide transition services until March 31, 2020 for all duties and responsibilities of the Agency Agreement. The Company is now responsible for all duties and responsibilities previously performed by Bunge under the Agency Agreement. 

Energy Requirements 
 
 The production of ethanol is an energy intensive process which uses significant amounts of electricity and steam or natural gas as a heat source. Presently, about 22,000 MMBTUs of energy are required to produce a gallon of ethanol. It is our goal to operate the plant as safely and profitably as possible, optimizing the amount of energy consumed per gallon of ethanol produced, balanced with the relative values of WDGS as compared to DDGS. 
 
 In September 2019, the Company went on line with the Whitefox Integrated Cartridge Efficiency (ICE) system to push towards more efficient operations in our plant. This technology benefits the plant through energy reduction, purity flexibility and debottlenecking of the distillation and dehydration processes. Energy efficiency improved by approximately 1,000 BTU's per gallon of ethanol produced, which results in steam savings and carbon emission reductions In April 2020, the Company implemented Bioleap's Dryer Exhaust Energy Recovers (" DEER "). The DEER system reduces the steam load on the boilers, providing immediate energy savings and freeing up capacity on the current boiler system. The change in the source blend for steam from approximately 95 natural gas and 5 steam in Fiscal 2020 to 100 natural gas and 0 steam in Fiscal 2021 impacted the energy costs for the Company due to the lower cost of natural gas as compared to steam which benefits were partially offset as the natural gas boilers are less efficient than the steam line. 

6

Table of Contents 

Steam 
 
 We are party to a Steam Service Contract Steam Contract with MidAmerican Energy Company MidAm ), under which MidAm agreed to provide up to 475,000 pounds of steam per hour. The Steam Contract links our net energy rates and charges for steam to certain specified energy indexes, subject to certain minimum and maximum rates. The Steam Contract expires in November 2024. During Fiscal 2021, we did not purchase any steam from MidAm and steam availability from MidAm continues to be volatile as a result of MidAm s increased utilization of wind energy, rather than coal, since Fiscal 2017. 

Natural Gas 
 
 Natural gas accounted for approximately 66.3 of our energy usage (natural gas and electricity) in Fiscal 2021, compared to 57.7 in Fiscal 2020. The increase in our natural gas usage was due to decreased steam availability and certain minimum payment obligations specified in our contract with MidAm. We have two natural gas boilers for use when our steam service is unavailable. Natural gas is also needed for incidental purposes. We entered into a natural gas supply agreement with Encore Energy in April of 2012 to fulfill our natural gas needs at the Gas Daily Midpoint pricing. 
 
 Electricity 
 
 Our Facility requires a large continuous supply of electrical energy. In Fiscal 2021 we used approximately 4.9 less electricity compared to Fiscal 2020. This was primarily due to our various energy saving projects that were completed in 2019 and 2020. The Company continues to explore technology improvements that reduce the amount of electricity we use. 
 
 Water 
 
 We require a supply of water typical for the industry for our production process. Our primary water source comes from the underground Missouri River aquifer via our three onsite wells. The majority of the water used in an ethanol plant is recycled back into the plant. All our ground water is treated through our onsite water oxidation system. This filtered water is used throughout our process. We do treat (polish) some of this filtered water for boiler and cooling tower make-up with our Reverse Osmosis (RO) system to minimize any elements that will harm the boiler and steam systems as permitted. We send some of our non-process contact water back to the Missouri River. The makeup water requirements for the cooling tower are primarily a result of evaporation and cooling. We also evaporate much of our water through our dryer system for dried corn distillers grains. The rest of our process water is recycled back into the plant, which minimizes waste of our water supply. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises and Concessions 
 
 SIRE and our SIRE logo are registered trademarks of the Company in the United States. Other trademarks, service marks and trade names used in this report constitute common law trademarks and/or service marks of the Company. Other parties marks referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners. We were granted a perpetual license by ICM, Inc. ICM to use certain ethanol production technology necessary to operate our Facility. There is no ongoing fee or definitive calendar term for this license. 
 
 Seasonality of Sales 
 
 We experience some seasonality of demand for our ethanol. Since ethanol is predominantly blended with conventional gasoline for use in automobiles, ethanol demand tends to shift in relation to gasoline demand. As a result, we experience some seasonality of demand for ethanol in the summer months related to increased driving. In addition, we experience some increased ethanol demand during holiday seasons related to increased gasoline demand. 
 
 Risk Management and Hedging Transactions 
 
 The profitability of our operations is highly dependent on the impact of market fluctuations associated with commodity prices. We use various derivative instruments as part of an overall strategy to manage market risk and to reduce the risk that our ethanol production will become unprofitable when market prices among our principal commodities and products do not correlate. In order to mitigate our commodity and product price risks, we enter into hedging transactions, including forward corn, ethanol, distillers grain and natural gas contracts, in an attempt to partially offset the effects of price volatility for corn and ethanol. We also enter into over-the-counter and exchange-traded futures and option contracts for corn, ethanol and distillers grains, designed to limit our exposure to increases in the price of corn and manage ethanol price fluctuations. Although we believe that our hedging strategies can reduce the risk of price fluctuations, the financial statement impact of these activities depends upon, among other things, the prices involved and our ability to physically receive or deliver the commodities involved. Our hedging activities could cause net income to be volatile from quarter to quarter due to the timing of the change in value of the derivative instruments relative to the cost and use of the commodity being hedged. As corn and ethanol prices move in reaction to market trends and information, our income statement will be affected depending on the impact such market movements have on the value of our derivative instruments. 

7

Table of Contents 

Hedging arrangements expose us to the risk of financial loss in situations where the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults or, in the case of exchange-traded contracts, where there is a change in the expected differential between the price of the commodity underlying the hedging agreement and the actual prices paid or received by us for the physical commodity bought or sold. There are also situations where the hedging transactions themselves may result in losses, as when a position is purchased in a declining market or a position is sold in a rising market. Hedging losses may be offset by a decreased cash price for corn and natural gas and an increased cash price for ethanol and distillers grains. 

We continually monitor and manage our commodity risk exposure and our hedging transactions as part of our overall risk management policy. As a result, we may vary the amount of hedging or other risk mitigation strategies we undertake, and we may choose not to engage in hedging transactions. Our ability to hedge is always subject to our liquidity and available capital. 
 
 Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers 
 
 As discussed above, we have marketing and agency agreements with Bunge for the purpose of marketing and distributing our ethanol product. Currently, we do not have the ability to market our ethanol internally should Bunge be unable or refuse to market our ethanol at acceptable prices. However, we anticipate that we would be able to very quickly secure competitive marketers should we need to replace Bunge for any reason . 
 
 In Fiscal 2021, Bunge constituted 74 of total revenues, compared to almost 83 of revenue in Fiscal 2020. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Domestic Ethanol Competitors 
 
 The ethanol we produce is similar to ethanol produced by other domestic plants. At the end of 2020, the Renewable Fuels Association (" RFA ") estimated that there were 208 installed ethanol production facilities in the United States with a total capacity of 17.4 billion gallons based on nameplate capacity and 16 additional plants under expansion or construction. In Fiscal 2021 we have seen a rebound in the ethanol margin environment that shows a substantial improvement from the decade lows experienced in 2020. As a result, competing plants have come back on line or otherwise resumed operations and expansion has resumed within the industry, primarily in North Dakota. While it is important to note that 2020 was an atypical year as transportation fuel demand was severely reduced because of COVID-19 restrictions and lockdowns, there is renewed optimism in the market as ethanol commodity prices have pushed through the 2.00/ gallon mark, a feat last accomplished in 2014. In recent weeks, margins have hit the highest marks since December 2014, according to data from Iowa State University. 
 
 Since ethanol is a commodity product, competition in the industry is predominately based on price. The top five producers account for almost half of domestic production. We are in direct competition with many of these top five producers as well as other national producers, many of whom have greater resources and experience than we have and each of which is producing significantly more ethanol than we produce. In addition, we believe that the ethanol industry will continue to consolidate leading to a market where a small number of large ethanol producers with substantial production capacities will control an even larger portion of the U.S. ethanol production. In recent years, the ethanol industry has also seen increased competition from oil companies that have purchased ethanol production facilities. These oil companies are required to blend a certain amount of ethanol each year. 
 
 We may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our larger competitors and the oil companies who are capable of producing a significantly greater amount of ethanol, have multiple ethanol plants that may help them achieve certain efficiencies and other benefits that we cannot achieve with one ethanol plant or are able to operate at times when it is unprofitable for us to operate. For instance, ethanol producers that own multiple plants may be able to compete in the marketplace more effectively, especially during periods when operating margins are unfavorable, because they have the flexibility to run certain production facilities while reducing production or shutting down production at other facilities. These large producers may also be able to realize economies of scale which we are unable to realize or they may have better negotiating positions with purchasers. Further, new products or methods of ethanol production developed by larger and better-financed competitors could create competitive advantages over us. 
 
 Foreign Ethanol Competitors 
 
 In recent years, the ethanol industry has experienced increased competition from international suppliers of ethanol and although ethanol imports have decreased during the past few years, if competition from ethanol imports were to increase again, such increased imports could negatively impact demand for domestic ethanol which could adversely impact our financial results. Large international companies with much greater resources than ours have developed, or are developing, increased foreign ethanol production capacities. 
 
 Many international suppliers produce ethanol primarily from inputs other than corn, such as sugarcane, and have cost structures that may be substantially lower than U.S. based ethanol producers including us. Many of these international suppliers are companies with much greater resources than us with greater production capacities. 

8

Table of Contents 

Brazil is the world s second largest ethanol producer. Brazil makes ethanol primarily from sugarcane as opposed to corn, and depending on feedstock prices, may be less expensive to produce. Brazilian imports account for less than 1 of U.S. ethanol consumed. Many in the ethanol industry are concerned that certain provisions of the Renewable Fuel Standard (the " RFS ") as adopted may disproportionately benefit ethanol produced from sugarcane. This could make sugarcane based ethanol, which is primarily produced in Brazil, more competitive in the United States ethanol market. If this were to occur, it could reduce demand for the ethanol that we produce. In recent years, sugarcane ethanol imported from Brazil has been one of the most economical means for certain obligated parties to comply with the RFS requirement to blend 5 billion gallons of advanced biofuels. U.S. imports of ethanol produced in Brazil are down significantly (approximately 52 through the first nine months of 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, however, no Brazilian ethanol was imported during the first five months of 2021. Per the RFA, virtually all imports of fuel ethanol in 2020 entered the United States in California, where they can take advantage of the state's Low Carbon Fuel Standard and get premium values for "advanced biofuel" RFS credits. 
 
 Depending on feedstock prices, ethanol imported from foreign countries, including Brazil, may be less expensive than domestically-produced ethanol. However, foreign demand, transportation costs and infrastructure constraints may temper the market impact on the United States. 
 
 Local Ethanol Production 
 
 Because we are located on the border of Iowa and Nebraska, and because ethanol producers generally compete primarily with local and regional producers, the ethanol producers located in Iowa and Nebraska presently constitute our primary competition. According to the RFA, Iowa had 43 operating ethanol refineries in production, with a combined nameplate capacity to produce 4.6 billion gallons of ethanol. For Nebraska, the RFA reports there are currently 26 existing ethanol plants in production in Nebraska, with a combined ethanol nameplate production capacity of approximately 2.3 billion gallons. Given the recent highs in ethanol margins and the favorable growing season for corn in the region, local competition continues to strengthen following the downturn in 2020 caused primarily by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Competition from Alternative Renewable Fuels 
 
 Many of the current ethanol production incentives are designed to encourage the production of renewable fuels using raw materials other than corn, including cellulose. Cellulose is the main component of plant cell walls and is the most common organic compound on earth. Cellulose is found in wood chips, corn stalks, rice straw, amongst other common plants. Cellulosic ethanol is ethanol produced from cellulose. Research continues regarding cellulosic ethanol, and various companies are in various stages of developing and constructing some of the first generation cellulosic plants. Several companies have commenced pilot projects to study the feasibility of commercially producing cellulosic ethanol and are producing cellulosic ethanol on a small scale and, at a few companies in the United States have begun producing on a commercial scale. Additional commercial scale cellulosic ethanol plants could be completed in the near future, although these cellulosic ethanol plants have continued to face financial and technological issues. If this technology can be profitably employed on a commercial scale, it could potentially lead to ethanol that is less expensive to produce than corn based ethanol. Cellulosic ethanol may also capture more government subsidies and assistance than corn based ethanol. This could decrease demand for our product or result in competitive disadvantages for our ethanol production process. 
 
 Because our Facility is designed as a single-feedstock facility, we have limited ability to adapt the plant to a different feedstock or process system without additional capital investment and retooling. 
 
 A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells, plug-in hybrids, electric cars or clean burning gaseous fuels. Like ethanol, the emerging fuel cell and electric-powered vehicle industries offer technological options to address worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns. Fuel cells have emerged as a potential alternative to certain existing power sources because of their higher efficiency, reduced noise and lower emissions. Fuel cell industry participants are currently targeting the transportation, stationary power and portable power markets in order to decrease fuel costs, lessen dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions. The same can be said of electric-powered vehicles. If the fuel cell industry continues to expand and gain broad acceptance and becomes readily available to consumers for motor vehicle use, we may not be able to compete effectively. Likewise, participants in the emerging electric-powered vehicle industry are currently targeting the transportation market to decrease dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions. If the electric-powered vehicle industry continues to expand and gain broad acceptance, the ethanol and larger gasoline industry may not be able to compete effectively. This additional competition could reduce the demand for ethanol, which would negatively impact our profitability. 

9

Table of Contents 

Distillers Grain Competition 
 
 Ethanol plants in the Midwest produce the majority of distillers grains and primarily compete with other ethanol producers in the production and sales of distillers grains. According to the RFA 2021 Ethanol Outlook (the " RFA 2021 Outlook "), ethanol plants produced almost 33.1 million metric tons of distillers grains and other animal feed in 2020 and 3.3 billion pounds of distillers corn oil. We compete with other producers of distillers grains products both locally and nationally. 
 
 The primary customers of distillers grains are dairy and beef cattle, according to the RFA 2021 Outlook, which comprises 78 of distiller grains consumption. In recent years, an increasing amount of distillers grains have been used in the swine, poultry and fish markets. Numerous feeding trials show advantages in milk production, growth, rumen health, and palatability over other dairy cattle feeds. With the advancement of research into the feeding rations of poultry and swine, we expect these markets to expand and create additional demand for distillers grains; however, no assurance can be given that these markets will in fact expand, or if they do, that we will benefit from such expansion. 
 
 The market for distillers grains is generally confined to locations where freight costs allow it to be competitively priced against other feed ingredients. Distillers grains compete with three other feed formulations: corn gluten feed, dry brewers grain and mill feeds. The primary value of these products as animal feed is their protein content. Dry brewers grain and distillers grains have about the same protein content, and corn gluten feed and mill feeds have slightly lower protein contents. Distillers grains contain nutrients, fat content, and fiber that we believe will differentiate our distillers grains products from other feed formulations. However, producers of other forms of animal feed may also have greater experience and resources than we do and their products may have greater acceptance among producers of beef and dairy cattle, poultry and hogs. 

10

Table of Contents 

Principal Supply Demand Factors 
 
 Ethanol 
 
 Ethanol prices increased dramatically during Fiscal 2021 , reaching heights not seen since 2014 as the rebounding demand for blended gasoline and decreased supply following slow-downs in production during Fiscal 2020 caused prices to rise. In the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 the average price of a gallon of ethanol sold for 1.30 and by the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021, the price had increased to 2.15. The same price increases were also experienced with the inputs where the price of corn increased from 4.45 a bushel in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 to 6.78 a bushel in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021. 
 
 Management currently expects ethanol prices will continue to adjust to the supply and demand factors of ethanol and oil and will generally fluctuate with, but not be directly correlated to, the price of corn. 
 
 Management believes the industry will need to align the retail product delivery infrastructure and demand for ethanol in order to increase production margins in the near and long term. The supply and demand in the industry remain in relative balance at current production values. 
 
 Management also believes it is important that ethanol blending capabilities of the gasoline market be expanded to increase demand for ethanol. Recently, there has been increased awareness of the need to expand retail ethanol distribution and blending infrastructure, which would allow the ethanol industry to supply ethanol to markets in the United States that are not currently selling significant amounts of ethanol. On June 1, 2019, President Trump initiated rulemaking to expand fuel waivers for E15 to allow year-round sale of fuel blends containing gasoline up to a 15 blend of ethanol. In June 2021, however, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia struck down this rule finding that the EPA exceeded its authority. Although there have been significant developments towards the availability of E15 in the marketplace, there are still obstacles that could inhibit meaningful market penetration by E15. 
 
 Distillers Grains 
 
 Distillers grains compete with other protein-based animal feed products. Every bushel of corn used in the dry grind ethanol process yields approximately 17 pounds of dry matter distillers grains, which is an excellent source of energy and protein for livestock and poultry. The price of distillers grains may decrease when the prices of competing feed products decrease. The prices of competing animal feed products are based in part on the prices of the commodities from which these products are derived. Downward pressure on commodity prices, such as soybeans and corn, will generally cause the price of competing animal feed products to decline, resulting in downward pressure on the price of distillers grains. 

11

Table of Contents 

Historically, sales prices for distillers grains have correlated with prices of corn. However, there have been occasions when the price increase for this co-product has not been directly correlated to changes in corn prices. In addition, our distillers grains compete with products made from other feedstocks, the cost of which may not rise when corn prices rise. Consequently, the price we may receive for distillers grains may not rise as corn prices rise, thereby lowering our cost recovery percentage relative to corn. 
 
 Management expects that distillers grain prices will continue to generally follow the price of corn during Fiscal 2022. 
 
 Competition for Supply of Corn 
 
 During crop year 2021/22, according to the USDA November 2021 report, 85.1 million acres of corn were harvested, which was up 3 from 2020/21. The expected yield is 177.0 bushels per acre, which is up 5.6 compared to 2020's results. Prices for corn are expected to fall slightly as production, which was slowed by COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, catches up with demand. 
 
 Competition for corn supply from other ethanol plants and other corn customers exists around our Facility. According to RFA 2021 Ethanol Industry Outlook, there were 43 operational ethanol plants in Iowa. The plants are concentrated, for the most part, in the northern and central regions of the state where a majority of the corn is produced. 
 
 We compete with other users of corn, including ethanol producers regionally and nationally, producers of food and food ingredients for human consumption (such as high fructose corn syrup, starches, and sweeteners), producers of animal feed and industrial users. According to the USDA, for 2020/2021, 5.0 billion bushels of U.S. corn are expected to be used in ethanol production, with 7.3 billion bushels being used in food and other industrial uses, and 2.5 billion bushels used for export. In 2019/2020, 4.9 billion bushel were used in ethanol production, with 6.3 billion used in food and other industrial uses and 1.8 billion used for export. 
 
 Federal Ethanol Support and Governmental Regulations 
 
 RFS and Related Federal Legislation 
 
 The ethanol industry receives support through the Federal Renewable Fuels Standard (the "RFS") which has been, and continues to be, a driving factor in the growth of ethanol usage. The RFS requires that each year a certain amount of renewable fuels must be used in the United States. The RFS is a national program that allows refiners to use renewable fuel blends in those areas of the country where it is most cost-effective. The EPA is responsible for revising and implementing regulations to ensure that transported fuel sold in the United States contains a minimum volume of renewable fuel. The RFS statutory volume requirement increases incrementally each year until the United States is statutorily required to use 36 billion gallons of renewable fuels by calendar year 2022. The EPA has the authority, however, to waive the RFS statutory volume requirements, in whole or in part, provided that there is either inadequate domestic renewable fuel supply or the implementation of the requirement would severely harm the economy or environment of a state, region or the United States. 
 
 Annually, the EPA is required by statute to pass a rule that establishes the number of gallons of different types of renewable fuels that must be used in the United States which is called the renewable volume obligation. For 2020, 2021, and 2022 the statutory volume requirements for renewable fuels were 30 billion gallons, 33 billion gallons, and 36 billion gallons, respectively. In 2019 the EPA set the 2020 renewable volume obligation at 20.09 billion gallons of renewable fuels far below the statutory threshold and has since failed to establish final renewable volume obligations under the RFS despite its obligation to do so. On December 7, 2021, the EPA issued a proposed rule (the Proposed Rule to revise the 2020 renewable volume obligations (RVOs) and establish renewable volume obligations for 2021 and 2022. The Proposed Rule would retroactively reduce the 2020 renewable volume obligation to 17.13 billion gallons. For 2021, the EPA s Proposed Rule is proposing to set the renewable volume obligation at 18.52 billion gallons, and 20.77 billion gallons for 2022. EPA will accept public comment on the Proposed Rule through February 4, 2022, following which the EPA will release a final rule, which may be materially different than the Proposed Rule. 
 
 In November 2021, the EPA announced a proposed rulemaking to extend RFS compliance deadlines for 2019 and 2020. The 2019 extension applies only to small refineries, but the 2020 extension applies to all refineries. This allows oil refineries to delay providing proof that they are in compliance with the RFS biofuel blending requirements. This delay continues to cause uncertainty and instability within the renewable fuels marketplace and could impact the price of ethanol during fiscal year 2022. 

Although renewable volume obligations establish the number of gallons of renewable fuel that must be blended into the nation s fuel supply, these obligations do not take into account waivers granted by the EPA to small refiners for "hardship." The EPA can, in consultation with the Department of Energy, waive the obligation for individual smaller refineries that are suffering disproportionate economic hardship due to compliance with the RFS. To qualify, for this small refinery waiver, the refineries must be under total throughput of 75,000 barrels per day and state their case for an exemption in an application to the EPA each year. In a separate action on December 7, 2021, the EPA proposed denying 65 small refinery waiver petitions in a break from past practice under the Trump administration. On December 8, 2021, a federal court of appeals granted EPA s request to remand to EPA 31 SREs exemptions granted during the Trump administration. Broadly, waivers reduce the demand for RINs. 
 
 Federal mandates supporting the use of renewable fuels like the RFS are a significant driver of ethanol demand in the U.S. Under the RFS, the EPA assigns individual refiners, blenders, and importers the volume of renewable fuels they are obligated to use based on their percentage of total domestic transportation fuel sales. The mechanism that provides accountability in RFS compliance is the Renewable Identification Number (RIN). RIN s are a tradeable commodity given that if refiners (obligated parties) need additional RIN s to be compliant, they have to purchase them from those that have excess. Thus, there is an economic incentive to use renewable fuels like ethanol, or in the alternative, buy RIN s. Obligated parties use RINs to show compliance with RFS-mandated volumes. RINs are attached to renewable fuels by ethanol producers and detached when the renewable fuel is blended with transportation fuel or traded in the open market. The market price of detached RINs affects the price of ethanol in certain markets and influences the purchasing decisions by obligated parties. 

State Initiatives and Mandates 
 
 In 2006, Iowa passed legislation promoting the use of renewable fuels in Iowa. One of the most significant provisions of the Iowa renewable fuels legislation was a renewable fuels targeted set of tax credits encouraging an escalating percentage of the gasoline sold in Iowa to consist of, be blended with, or be replaced by, renewable fuels. To receive the tax credit, retailers of gasoline are required to reach escalating annual targets of the percentage of their gasoline sales that consist of, are blended with, or are replaced by, renewable fuels. This renewable fuel tax credit originally required 10 of the gasoline that retailers sold to fall within the renewable fuels definitions to receive the credit and has increased incrementally to 25 as of January 1, 2020. This tax credit automatically repealed itself on January 1, 2021 for tax years beginning on or after that date. 
 
 E85 
 
 Demand for ethanol has been affected by moderately increased consumption of E85 fuel, a blend of 85 ethanol and 15 gasoline, which is available for use in flex fuel vehicles. There are more than 21 million flex fuel vehicles on the road today, or approximately 8 of all vehicles, representing more vehicles than require premium gasoline today. In addition to use as a fuel in flexible fuel vehicles, E85 can be used as an aviation fuel, as reported by the National Corn Growers Association, and as a hydrogen source for fuel cells. According to the U.S. Department of Energy, there are currently more than 21 million flexible fuel vehicles capable of operating on E85 in the United States and nearly all of the major automakers have available flexible fuel models and have indicated plans to produce several million more flexible fuel vehicles per year. The U.S. Department of Energy reports that there are more than 4,000 retail gasoline stations supplying E85 or other ethanol flex fuel blends. While the number of retail E85 suppliers has increased each year, this remains a relatively small percentage of the total number of U.S. retail gasoline stations, which is well over 100,000. In order for E85 fuel to increase demand for ethanol, it must be available for consumers to purchase it. As public awareness of ethanol and E85 increases along with E85 s increased availability, management anticipates some growth in demand for ethanol associated with increased E85 consumption. The USDA provides financial assistance to help implement blender pumps in the United States in order to increase demand for ethanol and to help offset the cost of introducing mid-level ethanol blends into the United States retail gasoline market. A blender pump is a gasoline pump that can dispense a variety of different ethanol/gasoline blends. Blender pumps typically can dispense E10, E20, E30, E40, E50 and E85. These blender pumps accomplish these different ethanol/gasoline blends by internally mixing ethanol and gasoline which are held in separate tanks at the retail gas stations. Many in the ethanol industry believe that increased use of blender pumps will increase demand for ethanol by allowing gasoline retailers to provide various mid-level ethanol blends in a cost effective manner and allowing consumers with flex-fuel vehicles to purchase more ethanol through these mid-level blends. 
 
 Changes in Corporate Average Fuel Economy CAFE standards have also benefited the ethanol industry by encouraging use of E85 fuel products. CAFE provides an effective 54 efficiency bonus to flexible-fuel vehicles running on E85. This variance encourages auto manufacturers to build more flexible-fuel models, particularly in trucks and sport utility vehicles that are otherwise unlikely to meet CAFE standards. 

12

Table of Contents 

E15 
 
 E15 is a blend of higher octane gasoline. E15 was approved for use in model year 2001 and newer cars, light-duty trucks, medium-duty passenger vehicles (SUVs) and all flex-fuel vehicles by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in 2012, This approved group of vehicles includes 90 of the cars, trucks and SUVs on the road today According to the Renewable Fuel Association. This higher octane fuel is available in 30 states at retail fueling stations. Sheetz, Kum Go, Murphy USA, MAPCO Express, Protec Fuel, Minnoco, Thornton's, Hy-Vee, Growmark and Casey's all offer E15 to 2001 and newer vehicles today at several stations. One of the historic challenges with the growth of the E15 market is the fact that, the waiver in the Clean Air Act, known as the One-Pound Waiver, which allows E10 to be sold year-round, does not apply to E15 or higher blends, even though it has similar physical properties to E10. In May 2019, the EPA finalized a rule extending the One-Pound Waiver to E15 so its sale could expand beyond flex-fuel vehicles during the June 1 to September 15 summer driving season. In June 2021, however, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia struck down this rule finding that the EPA exceeded its authority. 
 
 In May 2020, the USDA announced the Higher Blends Infrastructure Incentive Program which consists of up to 100 million in funding for grants to be used to increase the availability of higher blends of ethanol and biodiesel fuels and to help increase the implementation of blender pumps in the United States. Funds may be awarded to retailers such as fueling stations and convenience stores to assist in the cost of installation or upgrading of fuel pumps and other infrastructure which helps offset the cost of introducing higher level ethanol blends into the United States retail gasoline market. A blender pump is a gasoline pump that can dispense a variety of different ethanol/gasoline blends. Blender pumps typically can dispense E10, E15, E20, E30, E40, E50 and E85. These blender pumps accomplish these different ethanol/gasoline blends by internally mixing ethanol and gasoline which are held in separate tanks at the retail gas stations. Many in the ethanol industry believe that increased use of blender pumps will increase demand for ethanol by allowing gasoline retailers to provide various mid-level ethanol blends in a cost effective manner and allowing consumers with flex-fuel vehicles to purchase more ethanol through these mid-level blends. However, the expense of blender pumps has delayed their availability in the retail gasoline market. In October 2020, the USDA announced the grant of 22 million of awards to the first round of recipients. To date, the USDA has awarded approximately 66.4 million to eligible projects. 
 
 The program's predecessor, the Biofuels Infrastructure Partnership ("BIP"), was implemented by the USDA in May 2015 to increase the availability of higher blends and to fund the installation of new ethanol infrastructure. The USDA reports that to date, 20 states have received BIP federal funding in an aggregate amount of 100 million covering nearly 1,500 stations with almost 5,000 proposed pumps. 

Environmental and Other Regulations and Permits 
 
 Ethanol production involves the emission of various airborne pollutants, including particulate matters, carbon monoxide, oxides of nitrogen, volatile organic compounds and sulfur dioxide. Ethanol production also requires the use of significant volumes of water, a portion of which is treated and discharged into the environment. We are required to maintain various environmental and operating permits. Even though we have successfully acquired the permits necessary for our operations, any retroactive change in environmental regulations, either at the federal or state level, could require us to obtain additional or new permits or spend considerable resources on complying with such regulations. In addition, if we sought to expand the Facility s capacity in the future, above our current 140 million gallons, we would likely be required to acquire additional regulatory permits and could also be required to install additional pollution control equipment. Our failure to obtain and maintain any environmental and/or operating permits currently required or which may be required in the future could force us to make material changes to our Facility or to shut down altogether. 
 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has classified carbon dioxide as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act in a case seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide in vehicle emissions. As stated above, we believe the final RFS2 regulations grandfather our plant at its current operating capacity, though expansion of our plant will need to meet a threshold of a 20 reduction in greenhouse gas GHG emissions from a baseline measurement to produce ethanol eligible for the RFS2 mandate. In order to expand capacity at our plant above our current permitted 140 million gallons, we will be required to obtain additional permits and install improved technology. 
 
 Separately, the California Air Resources Board (" CARB ") has adopted a Low Carbon Fuel Standard (the "LCFS") requiring a 10 reduction in GHG emissions from transportation fuels by 2020 using a lifecycle GHG emissions calculation. On December 29, 2011, a federal district court in California ruled that the California LCFS was unconstitutional which halted implementation of the California LCFS. CARB appealed this court ruling and on September 18, 2013, the federal appellate court reversed the federal district court finding the LCFS constitutional and remanding the case back to federal district court to determine whether the LCFS imposes a burden on interstate commerce that is excessive in light of the local benefits. On June 30, 2014, the United States Supreme Court declined to hear the appeal of the federal appellate court ruling and CARB recently re-adopted the LCFS with some slight modifications. The LCFS could have a negative impact on the overall market demand for corn-based ethanol and result in decreased ethanol prices. 
 
 Part of our business is regulated by environmental laws and regulations governing the labeling, use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials. Other examples of government policies that can have an impact on our business include tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions and outright embargos. 
 
 We also employ maintenance and operations personnel at our Facility. In addition to the attention that we place on the health and safety of our employees, the operations at our Facility are governed by the regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA. 
 
 We have obtained all of the necessary permits to operate the plant. Although we have been successful in obtaining all of the permits currently required, any retroactive change in environmental regulations, either at the federal or state level, could require us to obtain additional or new permits or spend considerable resources in complying with such regulations. 

13

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our website at www.sireethanol.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish such information electronically with the SEC. The information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 
 The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 You should carefully read and consider the risks and uncertainties below and the other information contained in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we may face. The following risks, together with additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could impair our financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Risks Associated With Our Capital Structure 
 
 Our units have no public trading market and are subject to significant transfer restrictions which could make it difficult to sell units and could reduce the value of the units. 
 
 There is not an active trading market for our membership units. To maintain our partnership tax status, our units may not be publicly traded. Within applicable tax regulations, we utilize a qualified matching service QMS to provide a limited market to our members, but we have not and will not apply for listing of the units on any stock exchange. Finally, applicable securities laws may also restrict the transfer of our units. As a result, while a limited market for our units may develop through the QMS, members may not sell units readily, and use of the QMS is subject to a variety of conditions and limitations. The transfer of our units is also restricted by our Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated June 19, 2020 (the Operating Agreement unless the Board of Directors (the Board or Board of Directors approves such a transfer. Furthermore, the Board will not approve transfer requests which would cause the Company to be characterized as a publicly traded partnership under the regulations adopted under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The value of our units will likely be lower because they are illiquid. Members are required to bear the economic risks associated with an investment in us for an indefinite period of time. 
 
 Our current indebtedness requires us to comply with certain restrictive loan covenants which may limit our ability to operate our business. 
 
 Under the terms of our Credit Agreement, we have made certain customary representations and we are subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants, including restrictions on our ability to incur additional debt that is not subordinated, create additional liens, transfer or dispose of assets, make distributions, consolidate, dissolve or merge, and customary events of default (including payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross defaults and bankruptcy defaults). The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants including a minimum working capital amount, minimum local net worth (as defined) and a minimum debt service coverage ratio. We can provide no assurance that, if we are unable to comply with these covenants in the future, we will be able to obtain the necessary waivers or amend our loan agreements to prevent a default. 

14

Table of Contents 

A breach of any of these covenants or requirements could result in a default under our Credit Agreement. If we default under our Credit Agreement and we are unable to cure the default or obtain a waiver, we will not be able to access the credit available under our Credit Agreement and there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain alternative financing. Our Credit Agreement also includes customary default provisions that entitle our lenders to take various actions in the event of a default, including, but not limited to, demanding payment for all amounts outstanding. If this occurs, we may not be able to repay such indebtedness or borrow sufficient funds to refinance. Even if new financing is available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us. No assurance can be given that our future operating results will be sufficient to achieve compliance with the covenants and requirements of our Credit Agreement. 

Risks Associated With Operations 
 
 The ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants may negatively affect our operations, financial condition, and demand for our products. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the new variants of the virus are still impacting countries, communities, supply chains and commodities markets, in addition to the global financial markets. This pandemic has resulted in social distancing, travel bans, governmental stay-at-home orders, and quarantines, and if any of these measures are reinstituted or prolonged, they may limit access to our facilities, customers, suppliers, management, support staff and professional advisors. At this time it is not possible to fully assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operations and capital requirements, but the aforementioned factors, among other things, may impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our products, as well as our overall ability to react timely and mitigate the impact of this event. Depending on its severity and longevity, the COVID-19 pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our business, customers, and members. 

The impact of adverse economic conditions on gasoline could have a material adverse impact on the price and demand for ethanol and our financial performance. 
 
 The demand for gasoline correlates closely with general economic growth rates. The occurrence of recessions or other periods of low or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on gasoline prices. Other factors that affect general economic conditions in the world or in a major region, such as changes in population growth rates, periods of civil unrest, pandemics (e.g. COVID-19), government austerity programs, or currency exchange rate fluctuations, can also impact the demand for gasoline. Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due to credit or legal constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring of fiscal, monetary, or political systems such as the European Union, and other events or conditions (e.g. pandemics such as COVID-19), that impair the functioning of financial markets and institutions also may adversely impact the demand for gasoline. Reduced demand for gasoline may impair demand for ethanol, harm our operations and negatively impact our financial condition. 
 
 Decreasing oil and gasoline prices resulting in ethanol trading at a premium to gasoline could negatively impact our ability to operate profitably. 
 
 Ethanol has historically traded at a discount to gasoline; however, with the recent fluctuations in gasoline prices, at times ethanol may trade at a premium to gasoline, causing a financial disincentive for discretionary blending of ethanol beyond the rates required to comply with the RFS. Discretionary blending is an important secondary market which is often determined by the price of ethanol versus the price of gasoline. In periods when discretionary blending is financially unattractive, the demand for ethanol may be reduced. In recent years, the price of ethanol has been less than the price of gasoline which increased demand for ethanol from fuel blenders. However, recently, low oil prices have driven down the price of gasoline which has reduced the spread between the price of gasoline and the price of ethanol which could discourage discretionary blending, dampen the export market and result in a downward market adjustment in the price of ethanol. Any extended period where oil and gasoline prices remain lower than ethanol prices for a significant period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition which could decrease the value of our units. 
 
 Declines in the price of ethanol or distillers grain would significantly reduce our revenues. 
 
 The sales prices of ethanol and distillers grains can be volatile as a result of a number of factors such as overall supply and demand, the price of gasoline and corn, levels of government support, and the availability and price of competing products. We are dependent on a favorable spread between the price we receive for our ethanol and distillers grains and the price we pay for corn and natural gas. Any lowering of ethanol and distillers grains prices, especially if it is associated with increases in corn and natural gas prices, may affect our ability to operate profitably. We anticipate the price of ethanol and distillers grains to continue to be volatile in the next fiscal year as a result of the net effect of changes in the price of gasoline and corn and increased ethanol supply. Declines in the prices we receive for our ethanol and distillers grains will lead to decreased revenues and may result in our inability to operate the ethanol plant profitably for an extended period of time which could decrease the value of our units. 

15

Table of Contents 

One of the most significant factors influencing the price of ethanol has been the substantial increase in ethanol production in recent years. According to the RFA, domestic ethanol production capacity increased from an annualized rate of 1.5 billion gallons per year in 1999 to a record 16.9 billion gallons in 2019 with additional production capacity still under construction. Given the near record ethanol crush margin at present, owners of ethanol production facilities may increase production levels to pre-pandemic levels or to even greater production levels, resulting in further increases in domestic ethanol inventories. Any increase in the supply of ethanol may not be commensurate with increases in the demand for ethanol, thus leading to lower ethanol prices. Also, demand for ethanol could be impaired due to a number of other factors, including regulatory developments and reduced United States gasoline consumption. Reduced gasoline consumption has occurred in the past and could occur in the future as a result of increased gasoline or oil prices or other factors such as increased automobile fuel efficiency. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Increased demand for ethanol may require an increase in higher percentage blends for conventional automobiles. 
 
 Currently, ethanol is blended with conventional gasoline for use in standard (non-flex fuel) vehicles to create a blend which is 10 ethanol and 90 conventional gasoline. In order to expand demand for ethanol, higher percentage blends of ethanol must be utilized in conventional automobiles. Such higher percentage blends of ethanol have become a contentious issue with automobile manufacturers and environmental groups having fought against higher percentage ethanol blends. E15 is a blend which is 15 ethanol and 85 conventional gasoline. Although there have been significant developments towards the availability of E15 in the marketplace, there are still obstacles to meaningful market penetration by E15. As a result, the approval of E15 may not significantly increase demand for ethanol. 
 
 Reduced ethanol exports due to the imposition of tariffs on U.S. ethanol could have a negative impact on ethanol prices. 
 
 Brazil has historically been a top destination for ethanol produced in the United States. However, Brazil has imposed a tariff on ethanol which is produced in the United States and exported to Brazil. This tariff has resulted in a decline in demand for ethanol from Brazil. Additionally, China has imposed a tariff on ethanol which is produced in the United States and exported to China which has negatively impacted exports of ethanol to China. These tariffs and their associated effects on international demand for ethanol produced in the United States have negatively impacted the market price of ethanol in the United States and could adversely impact our ability to profitably operate the Company in the future. 
 
 Our business is not diversified. 
 
 Our success depends largely on our ability to profitably operate our ethanol plant. We do not have any other lines of business or other sources of revenue if we are unable to operate our ethanol plant and manufacture ethanol, distillers grains, corn oil and carbon dioxide. If economic or political factors adversely affect the market for ethanol, distillers grains, corn oil or carbon dioxide, we have no other line of business to fall back on. Our business would also be significantly harmed if the ethanol plant could not operate at full capacity for any extended period of time. 
 
 Any site near a major waterway system presents potential for flooding risk. 
 
 While our site is located in an area designated as above the 100-year flood plain, it does exist within an area at risk of a "500-year flood". Even though our site is protected by levee systems, its existence next to a major river and major creeks present a risk that flooding could occur at some point in the future. During the last half of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, the Missouri River experienced significant flooding, as a result of unprecedented amounts of rain and snow in the Missouri River basin. This produced a sustained flood lasting many weeks at a "500-year flood" level (a level which has a 0.2 percent chance of occurring). While there were levee failures elsewhere, the levees held around our facility. We did experience minimal rail disruption due to flooding in the surrounding areas to the north and south of the Facility, but our operations were not significantly impacted. 
 We have procured flood insurance as a means of risk mitigation; however, there is a chance that such insurance will not cover certain costs in excess of our insurance associated with flood damage or loss of income during a flood period. Our current insurance may not be adequate to cover the losses that could be incurred in a flood of a 500-year magnitude. 
 
 We may experience delays or disruption in the operation of our rail line and loop track, which may lead to decreased revenues. 
 
 We have entered into the Track Agreement to service our track and railroad cars. There may be times when we have to slow production at our ethanol plant due to our inability to ship all of the ethanol and distillers grains we produce, or getting rail cars returned on a timely basis. Due to increased rail traffic nationally because of shipments of crude oil, rail shipment delays have been experienced from time to time, especially during severe winter conditions. If we cannot operate our plant at full capacity, we may experience decreased revenues which may affect the profitability of the Facility. 

16

Table of Contents 

Hedging transactions, which are primarily intended to stabilize our corn costs, may be ineffective and involve risks and costs that could reduce our profitability and have an adverse impact on our liquidity. 
 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in commodity prices. Exposure to commodity price risk results principally from our dependence on corn in the ethanol production process. In an attempt to minimize the effects of the volatility of corn costs on our operating profits, we enter into forward corn, ethanol, and distillers grain contracts and engage in other hedging transactions involving over-the-counter and exchange-traded futures and option contracts for corn; provided, we have sufficient working capital to support such hedging transactions. Hedging is an attempt to protect the price at which we buy corn and the price at which we will sell our products in the future and to reduce profitability and operational risks caused by price fluctuation. The effectiveness of our hedging strategies, and the associated financial impact, depends upon, among other things, the cost of corn and our ability to sell sufficient amounts of ethanol and distillers grains to utilize all of the corn subject to our futures contracts. Our hedging activities may not successfully reduce the risk caused by price fluctuations which may leave us vulnerable to high corn prices. We have experienced hedging losses in the past and we may experience hedging losses again in the future. We may vary the amount of hedging or other price mitigation strategies we undertake, or we may choose not to engage in hedging transactions in the future and our operations and financial conditions may be adversely affected during periods in which corn prices increase. 
 
 Hedging arrangements also expose us to the risk of financial loss in situations where the other party to the hedging contract defaults on its contract or, in the case of over-the-counter or exchange-traded contracts, where there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the hedging agreement and the actual prices paid or received by us. 
 
 Our attempts to reduce market risk associated with fluctuations in commodity prices through the use of over-the-counter or exchange-traded futures results in additional costs, such as brokers commissions, and may require cash deposits with brokers or margin calls. Utilizing cash for these costs and to cover margin calls has an impact on the cash we have available for our operations which could result in liquidity problems during times when corn prices fall significantly. Depending on our open derivative positions, we may require additional liquidity with little advance notice to meet margin calls. We have had to in the past, and in the future will likely be required to, cover margin calls. While we continuously monitor our exposure to margin calls, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain adequate liquidity to cover margin calls in the future. 

Ethanol production is energy intensive and interruptions in our supply of energy, or volatility in energy prices, could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Ethanol production requires a constant and consistent supply of energy. If our production is halted for any extended period of time, it will have a material adverse effect on our business. If we were to suffer interruptions in our energy supply, our business would be harmed. We have entered into the Steam Contract with MidAm and we also are able to operate at full capacity using natural gas-fired boilers, which mitigates the risk of disruption in steam supply. However, the amount of natural gas we are permitted to use for this purpose is currently limited and the price of natural gas may be significantly higher than our steam price. In addition, natural gas and electricity prices have historically fluctuated significantly. Increases in the price of steam, natural gas or electricity would harm our business by increasing our energy costs. The prices which we will be required to pay for these energy sources will have a direct impact on our costs of producing ethanol and our financial results. 
 
 Our ability to successfully operate depends on the availability of water. 
 
 To produce ethanol, we need a significant supply of water, and water supply and quality are important requirements to operate an ethanol plant. Our water requirements are supplied by our wells, but there are no assurances that we will continue to have a sufficient supply of water to sustain the Facility in the future, or that we can obtain the necessary permits to obtain water directly from the Missouri River as an alternative to our wells. 
 
 We have executed an output contract for the purchase of all of the ethanol we produce, which may result in lower revenues because of decreased marketing flexibility and inability to capitalize on temporary or regional price disparities. 
 
 Bunge is the exclusive purchaser of our ethanol and markets our ethanol in national, regional and local markets. We do not plan to build our own sales force or sales organization to support the sale of ethanol. As a result, we are dependent on Bunge to sell our principal product. When there are temporary or regional disparities in ethanol market prices, it could be more financially advantageous to have the flexibility to sell ethanol ourselves through our own sales force. We have decided not to pursue this route. 

17

Table of Contents 

We are increasingly dependent on information technology and disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations . 
 
 Information technology is critically important to our business operations. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, including production, manufacturing, financial, logistics, sales, marketing and administrative functions. We depend on our information technology infrastructure to communicate internally and externally with employees, customers, suppliers and others. We also use information technology networks and systems to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. These information technology systems, many of which are managed by third parties or used in connection with shared service centers, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers or other cybersecurity risks, telecommunication failures, user errors, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events. If any of our significant information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. 
 
 In addition, if we are unable to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, we may encounter significant disruptions in our operations including our production and manufacturing processes, which can cause us to suffer financial and reputational damage, be subject to litigation or incur remediation costs or penalties. Any such disruption could materially and adversely impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Such breaches may also result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, customers, suppliers or employees which could further harm our reputation or cause us to suffer financial losses or be subject to litigation or other costs or penalties. The mishandling or inappropriate disclosure of non-public sensitive or protected information could lead to the loss of intellectual property, negatively impact planned corporate transactions or damage our reputation and brand image. Misuse, leakage or falsification of legally protected information could also result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations and have a negative impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Continued price volatility and fluctuations in the price of corn may adversely impact our operating results and profitability . 
 
 Our operating results and financial condition are significantly affected by the price and supply of corn. Because ethanol competes with non-corn derived fuels, we generally are unable to readily pass along increases in corn costs to our customers. At certain levels, corn prices may make the production of ethanol uneconomical. There is significant price pressure on local corn markets caused by nearby ethanol plants, livestock industries and other corn consuming enterprises. Additionally, local corn supplies and prices could be adversely affected by rising prices for alternative crops, increasing input costs, changes in government policies, shifts in global markets, or damaging growing conditions such as plant disease or adverse weather conditions, including but not limited to drought. 
 
 Trade actions by the Biden Administration and foreign governments, particularly those affecting the agriculture sector and related industries, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. 
 
 In a global economy domestic and foreign government policies and regulations significantly impact domestic agricultural commodity production and trade flows. Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes, trade tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions on commodities and commodity products, can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, and the volume and types of imports and exports. International trade disputes can also adversely affect trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Future governmental policies, regulations or actions affecting our industry may adversely affect the supply of, demand for and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business and cause our financial results to suffer. 
 For example, as a result of trade actions announced by the Trump administration and responsive actions announced by our trading partners, including by China, the domestic ethanol market has experienced negative impacts of higher ethanol tariffs and other disruptions to international agricultural trade. Additionally, the imposition of certain duties on exports of distillers grains created significant trade barriers and has significantly decreased demand for such products from China and the prices for distiller s grains produced in the United States. Although the markets have substantially adjusted to these shifts, ongoing changes in domestic and foreign policy could negatively impact our results of operations and the profitability of the Company. 

18

Table of Contents 

Declines in the price of ethanol or distillers grain would significantly reduce our revenues . 
 
 The sales prices of ethanol and distillers grains can be volatile as a result of a number of factors such as overall supply and demand, the price of gasoline and corn, levels of government support, and the availability and price of competing products. We are dependent on a favorable spread between the price we receive for our ethanol and distillers grains and the price we pay for corn and natural gas. Any lowering of ethanol and distillers grains prices, especially if it is associated with increases in corn and natural gas prices, may affect our ability to operate profitably. We anticipate the price of ethanol and distillers grains to continue to be volatile in during our 2021 fiscal year as a result of the net effect of changes in the price of gasoline and corn and increased ethanol supply offset by increased export demand and the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, growing conditions in a particular season s harvest may cause the corn crop to be of poor quality resulting in corn shortages and a decrease in distillers grains prices. Declines in the prices we receive for our ethanol and distillers grains will lead to decreased revenues and may result in our inability to operate the ethanol plant profitably for an extended period of time. 
 
 We compete with larger, better financed entities, which could negatively impact our ability to operate profitably. 
 
 There is significant competition among ethanol producers with numerous producers and privately-owned ethanol plants planned and operating throughout the Midwest and elsewhere in the United States. Our business faces a competitive challenge from larger plants, from plants that can produce a wider range of products than we can, and from other plants similar to ours. Large ethanol producers such as Archer Daniels Midland, Flint Hills Resources LP, Green Plains Inc., Valero Renewable Fuels and POET Biorefining, among others, are capable of producing a significantly greater amount of ethanol than we produce. Further, many believe that there will be further consolidation occurring in the ethanol industry in the near future which will likely lead to a few companies who control a significant portion of the ethanol production market. We may not be able to compete with these larger entities. These larger ethanol producers may be able to affect the ethanol market in ways that are not beneficial to us which could affect our financial performance. 
 
 Increased ethanol industry penetration by oil companies may adversely impact our margins. 
 
 The ethanol industry is a highly competitive environment and it is principally comprised of smaller entities that engage exclusively in ethanol production and large integrated grain companies that produce ethanol along with their base grain businesses. We have historically always faced competition with other small independent producers as well as larger, better financed producers for capital, labor, corn and other resources. Until recently, oil companies, petrochemical refiners and gasoline retailers have not been engaged in ethanol production to a large extent. These companies, however, form the primary distribution networks for marketing ethanol through blended gasoline. During the past few years, several large oil companies have begun to penetrate the ethanol production market. If these companies increase their ethanol plant ownership or other oil companies seek to engage in direct ethanol production, there may be a decrease in the demand for ethanol from smaller independent ethanol producers like us which could result in an adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Changes and advances in ethanol production technology could require us to incur costs to update our Facility or could otherwise hinder our ability to compete in the ethanol industry or operate profitably. 
 
 Advances and changes in the technology of ethanol production are expected to occur. Such advances and changes may make the ethanol production technology installed in our plant less desirable or obsolete. These advances could also allow our competitors to produce ethanol at a lower cost than us. If we are unable to adopt or incorporate technological advances, our ethanol production methods and processes could be less efficient than our competitors, which could cause our plant to become uncompetitive or completely obsolete. If our competitors develop, obtain or license technology that is superior to ours or that makes our technology obsolete, we may be required to incur significant costs to enhance or acquire new technology so that our ethanol production remains competitive. Alternatively, we may be required to seek third-party licenses, which could also result in significant expenditures. We cannot guarantee or assure that third-party licenses will be available or, once obtained, will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. These costs could negatively impact our financial performance by increasing our operating costs and reducing our net income. 

19

Table of Contents 

Competition from the advancement of alternative fuels may decrease the demand for ethanol and negatively impact our profitability . 
 
 Alternative fuels, gasoline oxygenates and ethanol production methods are continually under development. A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells or clean burning gaseous fuels. Like ethanol, the emerging fuel cell and electric-powered vehicle industries offer a technological options to address increasing worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns. Fuel cells have emerged as a potential alternative to certain existing power sources because of their higher efficiency, reduced noise and lower emissions. Fuel cell industry participants are currently targeting the transportation, stationary power and portable power markets in order to lower fuel costs, decrease dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions. The same can largely be said of electric-powered vehicles. If the fuel cell and hydrogen industries continue to expand and gain broad acceptance, and hydrogen becomes readily available to consumers for motor vehicle use, we may not be able to compete effectively. Likewise, participants in the emerging electric-powered vehicle industry are currently targeting the transportation market to decrease dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions. If the electric-powered vehicle industry continues to expand and gain broad acceptance, the ethanol and larger gasoline industry may not be able to compete effectively. This additional competition could reduce the demand for ethanol, which would negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 The broad commercialization and acceptance of Electric Vehicles (EV) and other Alternative Fuel Source Vehicles may have a negative impact on gasoline and biofuels, including ethanol, which could negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells, plug-in hybrids, electric cars or clean burning gaseous fuels. Like ethanol, the emerging fuel cell and electric-powered vehicle industries offer technological options to address worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns. Fuel cells have emerged as a potential alternative to certain existing power sources because of their higher efficiency, reduced noise and lower emissions. Fuel cell industry participants are currently targeting the transportation, stationary power and portable power markets in order to decrease fuel costs, lessen dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions. The same can be said of electric-powered vehicles. If the fuel cell industry continues to expand and gain broad acceptance and becomes readily available to consumers for motor vehicle use, we may not be able to compete effectively. Likewise, participants in the emerging electric-powered vehicle industry are currently targeting the transportation market to decrease dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions. If the electric-powered vehicle industry continues to expand and gain broad acceptance, the ethanol and larger gasoline industry may not be able to compete effectively. This additional competition could reduce the demand for ethanol, which would negatively impact our profitability 
 
 The inability to become a carbon-neutral or carbon-negative fuel source could affect our future ability to compete in the market, which could negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 RFA members have pledged to achieve a net-zero carbon footprint by 2050 or sooner. To stay competitive with electric vehicles and other Alternative Fuel Source Vehicles in an economy which continues to highly-value carbon neutral or zero-carbon alternatives, it is likely going to be imperative that the ethanol industry and the Company become producers of carbon neutral or carbon-negative fuel sources in the future. In order for the Company to achieve this reduction in carbon impact, the Company anticipates that a solution for carbon capture must be identified and implemented with respect to the Company s plant. There are various solutions to this issue and the Company must determine which path forward is the most effective while also being a fiscally sound decision. If the Company is unable to maintain its competitive edge in the marketplace, or if the Company were to select an improper technology in its attempts to reduce its carbon impact, it could have a negative effect on the Company s results of operations and profitability. 
 
 Corn-based ethanol may compete with cellulose-based ethanol in the future, which could make it more difficult for us to produce ethanol on a cost-effective basis. 
 
 Most ethanol produced in the U.S. is currently produced from corn and other raw grains, such as milo or sorghum - especially in the Midwest. The current trend in ethanol production research is to develop an efficient method of producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass, such as agricultural waste, forest residue, municipal solid waste and energy crops. This trend is driven by the fact that cellulose-based biomass is generally cheaper than corn, and producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass would create opportunities to produce ethanol in areas which are unable to grow corn. The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 and the 2008 Farm Bill offer a very strong incentive to develop commercial scale cellulosic ethanol. The statutory volume requirement in the RFS requires that 16 billion gallons per year of advanced bio-fuels be consumed in the United States by 2022. Additionally, state and federal grants have been awarded to several companies who are seeking to develop commercial-scale cellulosic ethanol plants. As a result, at least three companies have reportedly already begun producing on a commercial scale and a handful of other companies have begun construction on commercial scale cellulosic ethanol plants some of which may be completed in the near future. If an efficient method of producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass is developed, we may not be able to compete effectively. It may not be practical or cost-effective to convert our Facility into a plant which will use cellulose-based biomass to produce ethanol. If we are unable to produce ethanol as cost-effectively as cellulose-based producers, our ability to generate revenue will be negatively impacted. 

20

Table of Contents 

Depending on commodity prices, foreign producers may produce ethanol at a lower cost than we can, which may result in lower ethanol prices which would adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We face competition from foreign ethanol producers with Brazil currently the second largest ethanol producer in the world. Brazil s ethanol production is sugarcane based, as opposed to corn based, and, depending on feedstock prices, may be less expensive to produce. Under the RFS, certain parties are obligated to meet an advanced biofuel standard and sugarcane ethanol imported from Brazil has historically been one of the most economical means for obligated parties to meet this standard. Other foreign producers may be able to produce ethanol at lower input costs, including costs of feedstock, facilities and personnel, than we can. While foreign demand, transportation costs and infrastructure constraints may temper the market impact throughout the United States, competition from imported ethanol may affect our ability to sell our ethanol profitably, which may have an adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial position. If significant additional foreign ethanol production capacity is created, such facilities could create excess supplies of ethanol on world markets, which may result in lower prices of ethanol throughout the world, including the United States. Such foreign competition is a risk to our business. Any penetration of ethanol imports into the domestic market may have a material adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 
 Risks Associated With Government Regulation and Subsidization 
 
 The ethanol industry is highly dependent on government mandates relating to the production and use of ethanol and changes to such mandates and related regulations could adversely affect the market for ethanol and our results of operations . 
 
 The domestic market for ethanol is largely dictated by federal mandates for blending ethanol with gasoline. Future demand for ethanol will be largely dependent upon the economic incentives to blend based upon the relative value of gasoline versus ethanol, taking into consideration the relative octane value of ethanol, environmental requirements and the RFS mandate. The RFS mandate helps support a market for ethanol that might disappear without this incentive. 
 
 Annually, the EPA is supposed to pass a rule that establishes the number of gallons of different types of renewable fuels that must be used in the United States which is called the renewable volume obligations. In the past, the EPA has set the renewable volume obligations below the statutory volume requirements. The EPA issued the final rule for 2020 which set the annual volume requirements for renewable fuel at 20.09 billion gallons of renewable fuel. Both the final 2019 volume requirements and the final 2020 volume requirement maintained the number of gallons that may be met by conventional renewable fuels such as corn based ethanol at 15.0 billion gallons. On December 7, 2021, the EPA issued a proposed rule (the Proposed Rule to revise the 2020 renewable volume obligations (RVOs) and establish renewable volume obligations for 2021 and 2022. The Proposed Rule would retroactively reduce the 2020 renewable volume obligation to 17.13 billion gallons. For 2021, the EPA s Proposed Rule is proposing to set the renewable volume obligation at 18.52 billion gallons, and 20.77 billion gallons for 2022. At this time, there is substantial uncertainty about the future of the RFS and the aggregate obligations to be imposed on refiners in the future. Because the RFS is the predominate driver of demand for renewable fuels in the domestic marketplace, additional decreases in the renewable volume obligations, or a decrease in the scope and targets of the RFS could have a material impact on the price of ethanol and our profitability. 
 
 The EPA has recently expanded its use of waivers to small refineries. The effect of these waivers is that the refinery is no longer required to earn or purchase blending credits, known as RINs, negatively affecting ethanol demand and resulting in lower ethanol prices. On October 15, 2019, the EPA released a supplemental notice seeking additional comment on a proposed rule on adjustments to the way that annual renewable fuel percentages are calculated. The supplemental notice was issued in response to an announcement by President Trump of a proposed plan to require refiners not exempt from the rules to blend additional gallons of ethanol to make up for the gallons exempted by the EPA's expanded use of waivers to small refineries. The proposed plan was expected to calculate the volume that refiners were required to blend by using a three-year average of exempted gallons. However, the EPA proposed to use a three-year average to account for the reduction in demand resulting from the waivers using the number of gallons of relief recommended by the United States Department of Energy. If the EPA continues to grant waivers to smaller refineries and the Trump Administration fails to take any action to reallocate ethanol gallons lost to such waivers, the market price and demand for ethanol would be adversely affected which would negatively impact our financial performance. 
 
 The compliance mechanism for RFS is the generation of renewable identification numbers, or RINs, which are generated and attached to renewable fuels such as the ethanol we produce and detached when the renewable fuel is blended into the transportation fuel supply. Detached RINs may be retired by obligated parties to demonstrate compliance with RFS or may be separately traded in the market. The market price of detached RINs may affect the price of ethanol in certain U.S. markets as obligated parties may factor these costs into their purchasing decisions. Moreover, at certain price levels for various types of RINs, it becomes more economical to import foreign sugarcane ethanol. If changes to RFS2 result in significant changes in the price of various types of RINs, it could negatively affect the price of ethanol, and our operations could be adversely impacted. 

21

Table of Contents 

Federal law mandates the use of oxygenated gasoline in the winter in areas that do not meet Clean Air Act standards for carbon monoxide. If these mandates are repealed, the market for domestic ethanol could be significantly reduced. Additionally, flexible-fuel vehicles receive preferential treatment in meeting corporate average fuel economy, or CAFE, standards. However, high blend ethanol fuels such as E85 result in lower fuel efficiencies. Absent the CAFE preferences, it may be unlikely that auto manufacturers would build flexible-fuel vehicles. Any change in these CAFE preferences could reduce the growth of E85 markets and result in lower ethanol prices, which could adversely impact our operating results. 
 
 To the extent that such federal or state laws or regulations are modified, the demand for ethanol may be reduced, which could negatively and materially affect our ability to operate profitably. 

We are subject to extensive environmental regulation and operational safety regulations that impact our expenses and could reduce our profitability. 
 
 Ethanol production involves the emission of various airborne pollutants, including particulate matters, carbon monoxide, oxides of nitrogen, volatile organic compounds and sulfur dioxide. We are subject to regulations on emissions from the EPA and the IDNR (Iowa Department of Natural Resources). The EPA s and IDNR s environmental regulations are subject to change and often such changes are not favorable to industry. Consequently, even if we have the proper permits now, we may be required to invest or spend considerable resources to comply with future environmental regulations. 
 
 Our failure to comply or the need to respond to threatened actions involving environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition. We must follow procedures for the proper handling, storage, and transportation of finished products and materials used in the production process and for the disposal of waste products. In addition, state or local requirements also restrict our production and distribution operations. We could incur significant costs to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Changes to current environmental rules for the protection of the environment may require us to incur additional expenditures for equipment or processes. 
 
 We could be subject to environmental nuisance or related claims by employees, property owners or residents near the Facility arising from air or water discharges. Ethanol production has been known to produce an odor to which surrounding residents could object. We believe our plant design mitigates most odor objections. However, if odors become a problem, we may be subject to fines and could be forced to take costly curative measures. Environmental litigation or increased environmental compliance costs could significantly increase our operating costs. 
 
 We are subject to federal and state laws regarding operational safety. Risks of substantial compliance costs and liabilities are inherent in ethanol production. Costs and liabilities related to worker safety may be incurred. Possible future developments-including stricter safety laws for workers or others, regulations and enforcement policies and claims for personal or property damages resulting from our operation could result in substantial costs and liabilities that could reduce the amount of cash that we would otherwise have to distribute to members or use to further enhance our business. 
 
 Carbon dioxide may be regulated by the EPA in the future as an air pollutant, requiring us to obtain additional permits and install additional environmental mitigation equipment, which may adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Our Facility emits carbon dioxide as a by-product of the ethanol production process and we sell a portion of our carbon dioxide by-product to Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. pursuant to a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement. The United States Supreme Court has classified carbon dioxide as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act in a case seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide in vehicle emissions. Similar lawsuits have been filed seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from stationary sources such as our ethanol plant under the Clean Air Act. While there are currently no regulations applicable to us concerning carbon dioxide, if Iowa or the federal government, or any appropriate agency, decides to regulate carbon dioxide emissions by plants such as ours, we may have to apply for additional permits or we may be required to install carbon dioxide mitigation equipment or take other steps unknown to us at this time in order to comply with such law or regulation. Compliance with future regulation of carbon dioxide, if it occurs, could be costly and may prevent us from operating the Facility profitably. 
 
 The California Low Carbon Fuel Standard may decrease demand for corn based ethanol which could negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 California passed a Low Carbon Fuels Standard (" LCFS ") which requires that renewable fuels used in California must accomplish certain reductions in greenhouse gases which reductions are measured using a lifecycle analysis. The California LCFS and other state regulations aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions could preclude corn-based ethanol produced in the Midwest from being used in California. California represents a significant ethanol demand market and therefore, if we are unable to supply corn-based ethanol to California, this could negatively impact our ability to profitably operate the ethanol plant. 

22

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 We own the Facility site located near Council Bluffs, Iowa, which consists of three parcels totaling nearly 275 acres. This property is encumbered under the mortgage agreement with our Lender. We lease 45 acres on the south end of the property to an unrelated third party for farming, and we custom farm for our own use on ten acres. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 From time to time, the Company may be subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these matters, if any, are currently not determinable, we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters, if any, would have a material adverse effect on the Company consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

23

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Member Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 8,975 Series A Units issued and outstanding held by 840 persons. We do not have any established trading market for our units, nor is one contemplated. However, we do provide access to a Qualified Matching Service for our members, which provides a system for limited transfers of our units. 
 
 To date, we have made distributions totaling 28.9 million to our members, with no distributions made during Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. We cannot be certain if or when we will be able to make additional distributions. Further, our ability to make distributions is restricted under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 
 
 General Overview and Recent Developments 
 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, and material cash requirements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included herewith and notes to the financial statements thereto and the risk factors contained herein. 
 
 The Company is an Iowa limited liability company located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, formed in March, 2005. The Company is permitted to produce 140 million gallons of ethanol. We began producing ethanol in February, 2009 and sell our ethanol, distillers grains, and corn oil in the United States, Mexico and the Pacific Rim. 
 
 On November 26, 2019, the EPA approved the Company's petition as an "Efficient Producer" to increase the D-6 RINs generated for up to 147 million gallons of ethanol produced annually, provided the non-grandfathered ethanol produced satisfies the 20 lifecycle GHG ("Greenhouse gas" impacts) reduction requirements specified in the Clean Air Act for renewable fuel. The Company must comply with all registration provisions in order to register for the production of non-grandfathered ethanol, and the registration application must be accepted by the EPA before the facility is eligible to generate RIN's for non-grandfathered ethanol produced. The Company anticipates completing the registration process by the end of the second quarter in the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022 (" Fiscal 2022 "). 
 
 Industry Factors Affecting our Results of Operations 
 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (" Fiscal 2021" compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 (" Fiscal 2020 "), the average price per gallon of ethanol sold increased by 58 due to reduced stocks, increasing demand and higher corn and energy prices. There have also been increased prices for crude oil and gasoline in Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 due to reduced supply world-wide, and an increase in driving compared to Fiscal 2020 when there were lockdown orders and restrictions on travel imposed by many authorities. 
 
 Corn prices increased 59 during Fiscal 2021. compared to Fiscal 2020 due to the anticipated high demand for corn in China and portions of the United States experiencing severe droughts. Weather, world supply and demand, current and anticipated stocks, agricultural policy and other factors can contribute to volatility in corn prices, and such changes have a material effect on our cost of goods sold with corn being one of our primary inputs. 
 
 Management anticipates that ethanol prices will continue to change in relation to changes in corn and energy prices. If corn, crude oil and gasoline prices remain high or further increase, that could have a significant impact on the market price of ethanol and our net income, particularly should ethanol stocks remain low. 

24

Table of Contents 

During Fiscal 2021, the Company faced significant challenges with respect to transportation and logistics. Like many companies, the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on coastal ports and the trucking industry had a material effect on our ability to timely, economically, and consistently ship products both domestically and abroad. Management continues to explore various options to mitigate these challenges, but expects them to be a factor into Fiscal 2022. Management does not know when these logistics challenges will dissipate at this time. 
 
 The average market price per ton of distillers grains sold in Fiscal 2021, increased by 26 compared to the average price per ton of distillers grains sold for the same period in Fiscal 2020. This increase in the market price of distillers grains is primarily due to higher corn and soybean meal prices which resulted in end users seeking out distillers grains as the lower cost alternative during Fiscal 2021. Management anticipates that distillers grains prices will continue to be affected by the price of corn and soybean meal. If there continues to be an oversupply of soybean meal, that could have a negative effect on the price of distillers grains. An increase in supply as certain ethanol plants return to higher production levels as operating conditions improve could also have a negative effect on distillers grains prices. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table shows our results of operations, stated as a percentage of revenue for Fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Amounts in 000's 

of Revenues 

Amounts in 000's 

of Revenues 

Income Statement Data 

Revenues 

302,820 

100.0 

198,614 

100.0 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Material Costs 

245,478 

81.1 

142,477 

71.7 

Variable Production Expense 

28,145 

9.3 

24,367 

12.3 

Fixed Production Expense 

13,872 

4.6 

26,045 

13.1 

Gross Margin 

15,325 

5.0 

5,725 

2.9 

General and Administrative Expenses 

5,733 

1.9 

5,169 

2.6 

Other Expenses and Income, net 

1,008 

0.3 

998 

0.5 

Net Income (Loss) 

8,584 

2.8 

(442) 

(0.2) 

Revenues 
 
 Our revenue from operations is derived from three primary sources: sales of ethanol, distillers grains, and distillers corn oil. The chart below displays statistical information regarding our revenues. The increase in revenue from Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 is primarily attributable to increased demand for our products driven by the lifting of lockdowns from the pandemic and vaccine distributions resulting in people going back to work and starting to travel again. For our main product ethanol, there was a 58 increase in the average price per gallon of ethanol in Fiscal 2021 as compared to Fiscal 2020 driven by the tight supply of ethanol coupled with rising demand post-pandemic, and a 9.2 increase in the volume of ethanol sold during Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020. There was also an increase of 3.2 in the volume of distillers grains sold and an increase in the average price per ton of distillers grains of approximately 26 primarily attributable to the prevailing prices of distillers grains compared to competing feed products. Distillers corn oil revenue also increased 94 in Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 due to an increase of 6.3 in tons sold in Fiscal 2021 as compared to Fiscal 2020, along with an increase of 83 in the price of distillers corn oil due to biodiesel processors utilizing higher quantities of distillers corn oil, thereby substantially increasing demand. 
 
 The market experienced lower domestic demand in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 which caused consumer driving to decrease. In addition, the market experienced weak export demand as a result of the impact of the pandemic on the worldwide economy All of these factors resulted in an extremely tight year for the ethanol industry. In Fiscal 2021, we witnessed a recovery in ethanol prices, distillers grains prices and distillers corn oil prices driven by strong demand for each product coupled with lower supply attributable to industry slowdowns in 2020. Ethanol prices are typically directionally consistent with changes in corn and energy prices, and in Fiscal 2021, we did see the price of ethanol increase 58 over the course of the year with a similar increase in the cost of corn of 59 . 
 
 The 26 increase in the average price of distillers grains was coupled with a 3.2 increase in tonnage sold resulting in a 40 increase in this revenue category. 

25

Table of Contents 

During Fiscal 2021, corn oil prices increased 83 and tons sold increased 6.3 compared to Fiscal 2020, due to biodiesel processors utilizing higher quantities of corn oil. Although management believes that corn oil prices will remain relatively steady at the current price levels, prices may decrease if there is an oversupply of corn oil production resulting from increased production rates or if biodiesel producers begin to utilize lower-priced alternatives such as soybean oil. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Amounts in 000's 

of Revenues 

Amounts in 000's 

of Revenues 

Product Revenue Information 

Ethanol 

227,036 

75.0 

147,605 

74.3 

Distiller's Grains 

55,561 

18.3 

39,781 

20.0 

Corn Oil 

18,996 

6.3 

9,886 

5.0 

Other 

1,227 

0.4 

1,342 

0.7 

Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Our cost of goods sold as a percentage of our revenues was 95 and 97.1 for Fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and decreased due to the increase in prices for ethanol, distillers corn oil and distillers grains. Our two primary costs of producing ethanol and distillers grains are corn and energy, with natural gas and electricity as our primary energy sources. Cost of goods sold also includes net (gains) or losses from derivatives and hedging relating to corn. Material costs increased as a result of the average price of corn used in ethanol production per bushel increasing by 59 in Fiscal 2021 from Fiscal 2020 on a 10 increase in ethanol production in Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020. 
 
 Realized and unrealized (gains) or losses related to our derivatives and hedging related to corn resulted in an decrease of 4.4 million in our cost of goods sold for Fiscal 2021, compared to a decrease of 2.6 million in our cost of goods sold for Fiscal 2020. We recognize the gains or losses that result from the changes in the value of our derivative instruments related to corn in cost of goods sold as the changes occur. As corn prices fluctuate, the value of our derivative instruments are impacted, which affects our financial performance. We anticipate continued volatility in our cost of goods sold due to the timing of the changes in value of the derivative instruments relative to the cost and use of the commodity being hedged. 
 
 Our average natural gas energy cost increased 26 per MMBTU comparing Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2020 due to the increased cost of natural gas during Fiscal 2021. Variable production expenses increased when comparing Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2020 due to higher energy costs resulting from higher volume. Fixed production expenses were lower when comparing Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2020 due to lower lease expenses due to resigning the railcar agreement and lower repairs and maintenance costs. 
 
 General Administrative Expense 
 
 Our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 1.9 for Fiscal 2021 and 2.6 for Fiscal 2020. General and administrative expenses include salaries and benefits of administrative employees, professional fees and other general administrative costs. Our general and administrative expenses for Fiscal 2021 increased 10.9 compared to Fiscal 2020. The increase in general and administrative expenses from Fiscal 2020 to Fiscal 2021 is due mainly to higher legal and professional fees and dues and subscription costs which include annual software licensing fees. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Our other expenses were approximately 1.0 million for both Fiscal 2021 and 2020, and were approximately 0.3 and 0.5 of our revenues for Fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. The majority of this line item consists of consistent patronage dividends that we receive annually. 

26

Table of Contents 

Key Operating Measures 

Fiscal 2021 
 Fiscal 2020 

Production (Denatured gallons) 
 129.8 
 117.8 

Ethanol Yield (den gal/bu) 
 2.931 
 2.88 

Ethanol Price (per gal) 
 1.76 
 1.24 

Corn Price (per bu) 
 5.47 
 3.47 

Corn Oil Yield (lbs/bu) 
 0.942 
 0.942 

BTU's / gallon 
 22,154 
 23,740 

Steam / Nat Gas Cost per MMBTU 
 3.302 
 2.623 

kWh/gallon 
 0.642 
 0.677 

Chemical Cost /gal) 
 0.095 
 0.083 

Our production increased 10.2 when comparing Fiscal 2020 to Fiscal 2021 due to the effects of the pandemic in 2020 and the reduced ethanol production experienced nationwide. The average ethanol price per gallon increased 58 year over year due to the increased demand and constraints on supply and transportation. The price of corn increased 57.6 on average due to input costs, early projections of drought and transportation constraints. While the overall cost of natural gas went up 25.9 , the Company was able to reduce its BTU's per gallon by 6.7 due to energy efficiency improvements throughout the plant. The cost of chemicals increased 14.5 year over year due to reduced supply, higher natural gas prices (impacting nitrogen based chemicals) and labor shortages. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 
 On April 14, 2020, the Company received 1.1 million under the new Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP Loan") legislation passed in response to the economic downturn triggered by COVID-19. Our PPP Loan may be forgiven based upon various factors, including, without limitation, our payroll cost over an eight-to-twenty-four week period starting upon our receipt of the funds. Expenses for approved payroll costs, lease payments on agreements before February 15, 2020, and utility payments under agreements before February 1, 2020 and certain other specified costs can be paid with these funds and eligible for payment forgiveness by the federal government. At least 60 of the proceeds must be used for approved payroll costs, and no more than 40 on non-payroll expenses. PPP loan proceeds used by a borrower for the approved expense categories will generally be fully forgiven by the lender if the borrower satisfies certain employee headcount and compensation requirements. The Company has applied for forgiveness on the PPP loan from the Small Business Administration ("SBA") and as of December 18, 2021, is awaiting a response on our request. 
 
 On January 28, 2021, the Company received an additional 1.1 million under Phase II of the PPP legislation (the "Second PPP Loan"). As in the original PPP loan, expenses for approved payroll costs, lease payments on agreements and utility payments under agreements and certain other specified costs can be paid with these funds and eligible for payment forgiveness by the federal government. At least 60 of the proceeds must be used for approved payroll costs, and no more than 40 for non-payroll expenses. PPP loan proceeds used by a borrower for the approved expense categories will generally be forgiven by the lender if the borrower satisfies certain employee headcount and compensation requirements. The Company applied for forgiveness of the Second PPP Loan in September of 2021. As of December 18, 20201, we are still awaiting a response on our request. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had a cash balance of 1.9 million, 5 million available under the term revolver and working capital of 21.3 million. 
 
 In June 2014, the Company entered into a 66.0 million Senior Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA FCSA and CoBank, ACB, as cash management provider and agent CoBank ). The proceeds of the Credit Agreement were used to refinance senior bank debt previously outstanding and scheduled to mature in August 2014. The Credit Agreement provided us with a term loan of 30 million, that matured in 2019, and a revolving term loan of 36 million, due in 2023. The interest rate on the Credit Agreement was LIBOR plus 3.35 . The Credit Agreement resulted in a significantly lower interest rate than under the prior credit facility. The Company s term loan and revolving term loan requires it to comply with specified financial covenants related to minimum local net worth, minimum current working capital, a minimum debt service coverage ratio and limitation on unit holder distributions. 

27

Table of Contents 

During Fiscal 2021, we entered into Amendments No. 5, 6 and 7 to the Credit Agreement (the Amendments ). The following are the key modifications made by the Amendments: 

The existing term note is replaced by a Second Amended and Restated Term Note with a maximum principal amount of 30.0 million, a maturity date of November 15, 2024, an interest rate of LIBOR + 340 basis points, and required the Company make one principal payment of 3.75 million during Fiscal 2021, which payment was made on March 1, 2021, and thereafter requires the Company to make four equal semi-annual payments of 3.75 million on each March 1 and September 1, through September 1, 2023. All remaining amounts due under the Second Amended and Restated Term Note are due and payable on the maturity date 

The Company s existing First Amended and Restated Revolving Term Note (the Restated Revolving Term Note was amended to provide that the current interest rate of LIBOR + 340 basis points is now subject to change as discussed below 

The Company entered into a new Revolving Credit Note (the New Revolving Credit Note with a maximum draw amount of 10,000,000, a maturity date of February 1, 2022 and an interest rate of LIBOR + 340 basis points (which interest rate is subject to change as discussed below). The full amount of this New Revolving Credit Note is available on a revolving basis from time to time through maturity. 

The provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Term Note, Restated Revolving Term Note, and New Revolving Credit Note (the Notes are amended to provide for the adjustment of the interest rate applicable to each of the foregoing in connection with the phasing out of LIBOR. The Credit Agreement previously calculated the interest rates for the each of the Notes as LIBOR plus a 340 basis point spread. The Fifth Amendment provides that the interest rate for each Note is calculated using LIBOR + 340 basis points until the occurrence of certain events. Upon the earliest occurrence of one of the specified events, the interest rate applicable to the Notes converts to a variant of the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), as established from time to time by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus a corresponding spread 

Primary Working Capital Needs 
 
 Cash provided by operations for Fiscal 2021 and 2020 was 6.4 million and 7.1 million, respectively. This change is primarily due to the high cost of corn and related inventory during 2021. For Fiscal 2021 and 2020, net cash (used in) investing activities was (8.3) million and (8.2) million, respectively, primarily for fixed asset additions. For Fiscal 2021 and 2020, net cash flows provided by financing activities was 2.7 million and 1.1 million, respectively due to increased revolver loan borrowings, primarily for the purchase of corn and the related costs associated with those purchases. 
 
 We believe that our existing sources of liquidity, including cash on hand, available revolving credit and cash provided by operating activities, will satisfy our projected liquidity requirements, which primarily consists of working capital requirements, for the next twelve months. However, in the event that the market experiences significant price volatility and negative crush margins at or in excess of the levels experienced in previous years, we may be required to explore alternative methods to meet our short-term liquidity needs including temporary shutdowns of operations, temporary reductions in our production levels, or negotiating short-term concessions from our lenders. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 Our operations are highly dependent on commodity prices, especially prices for corn, ethanol and distillers grains and the spread between them the "crush margin"). As a result of price volatility for these commodities, our operating results may fluctuate substantially. The price and availability of corn are subject to significant fluctuations depending upon a number of factors that affect commodity prices in general, including crop conditions, weather, governmental programs and foreign purchases. We may experience increasing costs for corn and natural gas and decreasing prices for ethanol and distillers grains which could significantly impact our operating results. Because the market price of ethanol is not directly related to corn prices, ethanol producers are generally not able to compensate for increases in the cost of corn through adjustments in prices for ethanol. We continue to monitor corn and ethanol prices and manage the "crush margin" to affect our longer-term profitability. 

28

Table of Contents 

We enter into various derivative contracts with the primary objective of managing our exposure to adverse price movements in the commodities used for, and produced in, our business operations and, to the extent we have working capital available and available market conditions are appropriate, we engage in hedging transactions which involve risks that could harm our business. We measure and review our net commodity positions on a daily basis. Our daily net agricultural commodity position consists of inventory, forward purchase and sale contracts, over-the-counter and exchange traded derivative instruments. The effectiveness of our hedging strategies is dependent upon the cost of commodities and our ability to sell sufficient products to use all of the commodities for which we have futures contracts. Although we actively manage our risk and adjust hedging strategies as appropriate, there is no assurance that our hedging activities will successfully reduce the risk caused by market volatility which may leave us vulnerable to high commodity prices. Alternatively, we may choose not to engage in hedging transactions in the future. As a result, our future results of operations and financial conditions may also be adversely affected during periods in which price changes in corn, ethanol and distillers grain to not work in our favor. 
 
 In addition, as described above, hedging transactions expose us to the risk of counterparty non-performance where the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults on its contract or, in the case of over-the-counter or exchange-traded contracts, where there is a change in the expected differential between the price of the commodity underlying the hedging agreement and the actual prices paid or received by us for the physical commodity bought or sold. We have, from time to time, experienced instances of counterparty non-performance but losses incurred in these situations were not significant. 
 
 Although we believe our hedge positions accomplish an economic hedge against our future purchases and sales, management has chosen not to use hedge accounting, which would match any gain or loss on our hedge positions to the specific commodity purchase being hedged. We are using fair value accounting for our hedge positions, which means as the current market price of our hedge positions changes, the realized or unrealized gains and losses are immediately recognized in the current period (commonly referred to as the mark to market method). The immediate recognition of hedging gains and losses under fair value accounting can cause net income to be volatile from quarter to quarter due to the timing of the change in value of the derivative instruments relative to the cost and use of the commodity being hedged. As corn prices move in reaction to market trends and information, our income statement will be affected depending on the impact such market movements have on the value of our derivative instruments. Depending on market movements, crop prospects and weather, our hedging strategies may cause immediate adverse effects, but are expected to produce long-term positive impact. 
 
 In the event we do not have sufficient working capital to enter into hedging strategies to manage our commodities price risk, we may be forced to purchase our corn and market our ethanol at spot prices and as a result, we could be further exposed to market volatility and risk. However, during the past year, the spot market has been advantageous. 
 
 Credit and Counterparty Risks 
 
 Through our normal business activities, we are subject to significant credit and counterparty risks that arise through normal commercial sales and purchases, including forward commitments to buy and sell, and through various other over-the-counter (OTC) derivative instruments that we utilize to manage risks inherent in our business activities. We define credit and counterparty risk as a potential financial loss due to the failure of a counterparty to honor its obligations. The exposure is measured based upon several factors, including unpaid accounts receivable from counterparties and unrealized gains (losses) from OTC derivative instruments (including forward purchase and sale contracts). We actively monitor credit and counterparty risk through credit analysis (by our marketing agent). 
 
 Impact of Hedging Transactions on Liquidity 
 
 Our operations and cash flows are highly impacted by commodity prices, including prices for corn, ethanol, distillers grains and natural gas. We attempt to reduce the market risk associated with fluctuations in commodity prices through the use of derivative instruments, including forward corn contracts and over-the-counter exchange-traded futures and option contracts. Our liquidity position may be positively or negatively affected by changes in the underlying value of our derivative instruments. When the value of our open derivative positions decrease, we may be required to post margin deposits with our brokers to cover a portion of the decrease or we may require significant liquidity with little advanced notice to meet margin calls. Conversely, when the value of our open derivative positions increase, our brokers may be required to deliver margin deposits to us for a portion of the increase. We continuously monitor and manage our derivative instruments portfolio and our exposure to margin calls and while we believe we will continue to maintain adequate liquidity to cover such margin calls from operating results and borrowings, we cannot estimate the actual availability of funds from operations or borrowings for hedging transactions in the future. 
 
 The effects, positive or negative, on liquidity resulting from our hedging activities tend to be mitigated by offsetting changes in cash prices in our business. For example, in a period of rising corn prices, gains resulting from long grain derivative positions would generally be offset by higher cash prices paid to farmers and other suppliers in local corn markets. These offsetting changes do not always occur, however, in the same amounts or in the same period. 

29

Table of Contents 

We expect that a 1.00 per bushel fluctuation in market prices for corn would impact our cost of goods sold by approximately 48 million, or 0.34 per gallon, assuming our plant operates at 100 of our capacity assuming no increase in the price of ethanol. We expect the annual impact to our results of operations due to a 0.50 decrease in ethanol prices will result in approximately a 70 million decrease in revenue. 
 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Note 2 to our financial statements contains a summary of our significant accounting policies, many of which require the use of estimates and assumptions. Accounting estimates are an integral part of the preparation of financial statements and are based upon management s current judgment. We used our knowledge and experience about past events and certain future assumptions to make estimates and judgments involving matters that are inherently uncertain and that affect the carrying value of our assets and liabilities. We believe that of our significant accounting policies, the following are noteworthy because changes in these estimates or assumptions could materially affect our financial position and results of operations: 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the considerations the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the standard requires disclosures of the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from the contracts with customers. The Company applies the five-step method to all contracts with customers. 
 
 The Company sells ethanol (pursuant to a marketing agreement) and related products (direct sales). Revenues are recognized when the risk of loss has been transferred to the marketing company (or direct buyer) and the marketing company or direct buyer has taken title to the product, prices are fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 
 
 The Company's products are generally shipped Free on Board ("FOB") shipping point and recorded as a sale upon delivery of the applicable bill of lading and transfer of risk of loss. Subject to a few limited exceptions, all of the Company's ethanol sales are handed through an ethanol purchase agreement (the "Ethanol Agreement") with Bunge North America, Inc. ("Bunge") which was restated effective January 1, 2020, in connection with the Company's repurchase of the Series B Units from Bunge under the Bunge Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the "Bunge Repurchase Agreement"). Syrup and distillers grains (co-products) were previously sold through a distillers grains agreement (the "DG Agreement") with Bunge, based on market prices. As discussed in Note 9, the initial term of this DG Agreement expired December 31, 2019, and as set forth in the Bunge Repurchase Agreement, Bunge provided transition services for all duties and responsibilities of the original DG Agreement through March 31, 2020. Since April 1, 2020, the Company has been responsible for these functions. The Company markets and distributes all of the distillers corn oil it produces directly to end users at market prices. Carbon dioxide is sold through a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement (the "CO2 Agreement") with Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. Shipping and handling costs are booked as a direct offset to revenue. Marketing fees, agency fees, and commissions due to the marketer are calculated separately from the settlement for the sale of the ethanol products and co-products and are included as a component of cost of goods sold. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are recorded at original invoice amounts less an estimate made for doubtful receivables based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a quarterly basis. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating customer receivables and considering the customer's financial condition, credit history and current economic conditions. As of September 30, 2021, and September 30, 2020, management had determined an allowance of 0.2 million and 0.1 million was necessary. Receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible and recoveries of receivables written off are recorded when received. 

Investment in Commodities Contracts, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

The Company s operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in commodity prices. The Company is subject to market risk with respect to the price and availability of corn, the principal raw material used to produce ethanol and ethanol by-products. Exposure to commodity price risk results from its dependence on corn in the ethanol production process. In general, rising corn prices result in lower profit margins and, therefore, represent unfavorable market conditions. This is especially true when market conditions do not allow the Company to pass along increased corn costs to customers. The availability and price of corn is subject to wide fluctuations due to unpredictable factors such as weather conditions, farmer planting decisions, governmental policies with respect to agriculture and international trade and global demand and supply. 

30

Table of Contents 

To minimize the risk and the volatility of commodity prices, primarily related to corn and ethanol, the Company uses various derivative instruments, including forward corn, ethanol and distillers grains purchase and sales contracts, over-the-counter and exchange-trade futures and option contracts. When the Company has sufficient working capital available, it enters into derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to price risk related to forecasted corn needs and forward corn purchase contracts. 
 
 Management has evaluated the Company s contracts to determine whether the contracts are derivative instruments. Certain contracts that literally meet the definition of a derivative may be exempted from derivative accounting as normal purchases or normal sales. Normal purchases and normal sales are contracts that provide for the purchase or sale of something other than a financial instrument or derivative instrument that will be delivered in quantities expected to be used or sold over a reasonable period in the normal course of business. Gains and losses on contracts that are designated as normal purchases or normal sales contracts are not recognized until quantities are delivered or utilized in production. 
 
 The Company applies the normal purchase and sale exemption to forward contracts relating to ethanol and distillers grains and solubles and therefore these forward contracts are not marked to market. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had 10.5 million gallons in open contracts for ethanol, 45 thousand tons of open contracts on dried distillers grains , 73 thousand tons of wet distillers grains, and 8.5 million pounds of corn oil on open contracts. 
 
 Corn purchase contracts are treated as derivative financial instruments. Changes in fair value of forward corn contracts, which are marked to market each period, are included in costs of goods sold. As of September 30, 2021 , the Company was committed to purchasing 5.1 million bushels of corn on a forward contract basis resulting in a total commitment of 26.6 million. In addition the Company was committed to purchasing 249 thousand bushels of corn using basis contracts. 
 
 In addition, the Company enters into short-term cash, options and futures contracts as a means of managing exposure to changes in commodity prices. The Company enters into derivative contracts to hedge the exposure to volatile commodity price fluctuations. The Company maintains a risk management strategy that uses derivative instruments to minimize significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations caused by market volatility. The Company s specific goal is to protect itself from large moves in commodity costs. All derivatives are designated as non-hedge derivatives and the contracts will be accounted for at fair value. Although the contracts will be effective economic hedges of specified risks, they are not designated as and accounted for as hedging instruments. 

Inventory 

Inventory is valued at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value. In the valuation of inventories and purchase commitments, net realizable value is defined as estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonable predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Not applicable. 

31

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Members and Board of Directors of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the Company) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related statements of operations, members equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 We have Served as the Company's auditor since 2008. 
 Des Moines, Iowa 
 December 23, 2021 

32

Table of Contents 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 

Balance Sheets 

(Dollars in thousands) 

September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 
 ASSETS 
 Current Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 Inventory 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 Total current assets 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Land 
 Plant, building and equipment 
 Office and other equipment 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Net property, plant and equipment 
 
 Other Assets 
 Right of use asset operating leases, net 
 Other Assets 
 Total Assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY 
 Current Liabilities 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Current maturities of notes payable 
 Current portion of operating lease liability 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long Term Liabilities 
 Notes payable, less current maturities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Operating lease liability, less current maturities 
 Total long term liabilities 
 
 Members' Equity 
 Members' capital 
 8,975 units issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 Retained earnings 
 Total members' equity 
 Total Liabilities and Members' Equity 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

33

Table of Contents 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 

Statements of Operations 

(Dollars in thousands, except per unit data) 

Year Ended Year Ended 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 
 Revenues 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold-non hedging 
 Realized unrealized hedging (gains) losses (4,395) 

Gross Margin 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Operating Income 
 
 Other Expense 
 Interest expense and other income, net 

Net Income (Loss) 
 
 Weighted Average Units Outstanding -basic and diluted 
 Income (Loss) per unit -basic and diluted 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

34

Table of Contents 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 

Statements of Members' Equity 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Members' Capital Retained Earnings Total 
 Balance, September 30, 2019 
 Repurchase of Membership Units 
 Net (Loss) 

Balance, September 30, 2020 
 Net Income 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2021 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

35

Table of Contents 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 

Statements of Cash Flows 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended Year Ended 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation 
 Amortization 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 Change in other assets, net 
 Bad debt expense 
 (Increase) decrease in current assets: 
 Accounts receivable 
 Inventory 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 Increase in other long-term liabilities 
 Increase (decrease) in current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 Accrued expenses 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Payments for financing costs 
 Settlement of put option liability 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 Payments of notes payable 
 Repurchase of membership units 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 Beginning 
 Ending 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
 Cash paid for interest 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Establishment of lease liability and right-of-use asset 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

36

Table of Contents 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC Notes to Financial Statements September 30, 2021 

million gallon capacity ethanol plant and began producing ethanol in February 2009. The Company sold million gallons and million gallons of ethanol in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 , respectively. The Company sells its ethanol, distillers grains, corn syrup, and distillers corn oil in the continental United States, Mexico and the Pacific Rim. 

thousand and thousand, respectively, was necessary. Receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible, and recoveries of receivables written off are recorded when received. 

million gallons of ethanol, thousand tons of dried distillers grains, thousand tons of wet distillers grains and million pounds of corn oil. 
 
 Corn purchase contracts are treated as derivative financial instruments. Changes in fair value of forward corn contracts, which are marked to market each period, are included in costs of goods sold. As of September 30, 2021 , the Company was committed to purchasing million bushels of corn on a forward contract basis resulting in a total commitment of million. In addition the Company was committed to purchasing thousand bushels of corn using basis contracts. 
 
 In addition, the Company enters into short-term cash, options and futures contracts as a means of managing exposure to changes in commodity prices. The Company enters into derivative contracts to hedge the exposure to volatile commodity price fluctuations. The Company maintains a risk management strategy that uses derivative instruments to minimize significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations caused by market volatility. The Company s specific goal is to protect itself from large moves in commodity costs. All derivatives are designated as non-hedge derivatives and the contracts will be accounted for at fair value. Although the contracts are considered effective economic hedges of specified risks, they are not designated as or accounted for as hedging instruments. 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments along with cash due to brokers at September 30, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

In loss position 
 Cash held by broker 
 Forward contracts, corn 
 Net futures, options, and forward contracts Current asset 

The net realized and unrealized gains and losses on the Company s derivative contracts for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 consist of the following: 

Futures and option contracts (corn) Cost of Goods Sold (8,831) 

Process Equipment - 
 Office Equipment - 

Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred; major improvements are capitalized. 

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from operations are less than the carrying value of the asset group. An impairment loss would be measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Management has determined there were no events or changes in circumstances that required an impairment evaluation during Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020 . 

Supplies and Chemicals 

Work in Process 

Finished Goods 

Total 

million (the "Term Loan") and a revolving term loan in the amount of up to million (the "Revolving Term Loan"), together with the Term Loan, the "FCSA Credit Facility"). On February 26, 2021, the credit agreement was amended to add an additional million revolving line of credit with a maturity date of August 1, 2021, with the same rate provisions as the original credit agreement (the "Revolving Credit Loan"). We extended the Revolving Credit Loan's maturity date twice during 2021, once as of June 30, 2021 and once as of October 29, 2021. The current maturity date of the Revolving Credit Loan is February 1, 2022. The balance on the Revolving Credit Loan was at September 30, 2021. The FCSA Credit Facility is secured by a security interest on all of the Company's assets. 
 
 The Term Loan provides for semi-annual payments by the Company to FCSA of million with a maturity date of November 15, 2024. The February 26, 2021 amendment to the credit agreement modified the Term Loan to only require the Company to make one principal payment of million during 2021, which payment was made on March 1, 2021, and thereafter requires the Company to make four equal semi-annual payments of million on each March 1 and September 1, through September 1, 2023 the "Restated Term Note"). All remaining amounts due under the Restated Term Note are due and payable on the maturity date of November 15, 2024. Under the FCSA Credit Facility, the Company has the right to select from several LIBOR based interest rate options with respect to each of the loans, with a LIBOR spread of per annum. The interest rate at September 30, 2021 was . 

As of September 30, 2021 , there was million outstanding under the FCSA Credit Facility, with million available under the Revolving Term Loan. 
 
 Financing costs associated with the Credit Agreement Facility are recorded at cost and include expenditures directly related to securing debt financing. The Company amortizes financing costs using the effective interest method over the term of the related debt. 

Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 
 On April 14, 2020, the Company received million under the new Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP Loan") legislation passed in response to the economic downturn triggered by COVID- 19. Our PPP Loan may be forgiven based upon various factors, including, without limitation, our payroll cost over an eight -to- twenty-four week period starting upon our receipt of the funds. Expenses for approved payroll costs, lease payments on agreements before February 15, 2020, and utility payments under agreements before February 1, 2020 and certain other specified costs can be paid with these funds and eligible for payment forgiveness by the federal government. At least 60 of the proceeds must be used for approved payroll costs, and no more than 40 on non-payroll expenses. PPP loan proceeds used by a borrower for the approved expense categories will generally be fully forgiven by the lender if the borrower satisfies certain employee headcount and compensation requirements. The Company has applied for forgiveness on the PPP loan from the Small Business Administration ("SBA") and as of December 18, 2021, is awaiting a response on our request. 
 
 On January 28, 2021, the Company received an additional million under Phase II of the PPP legislation (the "Second PPP Loan"). As in the original PPP loan, expenses for approved payroll costs, lease payments on agreements and utility payments under agreements and certain other specified costs can be paid with these funds and eligible for payment forgiveness by the federal government. At least 60 of the proceeds must be used for approved payroll costs, and no more than 40 for non-payroll expenses. PPP loan proceeds used by a borrower for the approved expense categories will generally be forgiven by the lender if the borrower satisfies certain employee headcount and compensation requirements. The Company applied for forgiveness of the Second PPP Loan in September of 2021. As of December 18, 20201, we are still awaiting a response on our request. 

Note payable, PPP Loan bearing interest at 1.00 , maturing April 28, 2022 
 Note payable, PPP Loan bearing interest at 1.00 maturing January 4, 2026 
 Revolving term loan bearing interest at LIBOR plus 3.40 3.64 at September 30, 2021) 
 Other with interest rates from 3.50 to 4.15 and maturities through 2027 
 
 Less Current Maturities 
 Less Financing Costs, net of amortization 
 Total Long Term Debt 

Approximate aggregate maturities of notes payable as of September 30, 2021 are as follows (in 000's ): 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

Liabilities: 
 Derivative financial instruments 

Liabilities: 
 Derivative financial instruments 

EAUs outstanding. The EPUs are valued in accordance with the agreement which is based on the book value per unit of the Company. The Company had unvested EPUs outstanding under this plan as of September 30, 2021 , which will vest three years from the dates of the awards. 
 
 During the Fiscal 2021 and 2020 , the Company recorded compensation expenses related to this plan of approximately and , respectively. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020 , the Company had a liability of approximately and , respectively, recorded within accrued expenses on the balance sheet. The incentive compensation expense is recognized over three years from the date of the awards. 

Series B membership units owned by Bunge. Effective as of the date of the respective repurchase of the ICM Units and the Series B Units from Bunge, ICM and Bunge no longer constituted related parties. However, the activities discussed below reflect related party activity during the quarter ended December 31, 2019 up to and through the date of the respective repurchase, and historical expenses incurred in Fiscal 2020 for comparable periods. 
 
 Bunge 
 
 As part of the Bunge Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the " Bunge Repurchase Agreement "), the parties entered into a restated Ethanol Agreement effective January 1, 2020 the " Restated Ethanol Agreement ") which provides that the Company will pay Bunge a flat monthly marketing fee. The term of the Restated Ethanol Agreement expires on December 31, 2026. The Company incurred related party ethanol marketing expenses of million in Fiscal 2021 and million in Fiscal 2020 , under the Ethanol Agreements. 
 
 On June 26, 2009, the Company executed a Railcar Agreement with Bunge for the lease of ethanol cars and hopper cars which are used for the delivery and marketing of ethanol and distillers grains. In November 2016, the Company reduced the number of leased ethanol cars to and in both November 2013 and January 2015. The Company reduced the number of hopper cars by one for a total of leased hopper cars. Under the Railcar Agreement, the Company leases railcars for terms lasting months and continuing on a month to month basis thereafter. The Railcar Agreement will terminate upon the expiration of all railcar leases. In November 2016, the Company entered into a sublease for hoppers with Bunge that expired on March 24, 2019. The Company had subleased another hopper cars to unrelated third parties, which also expired March 25, 2019. In June 2018, one of the third party customers entered into an assignment agreement for their hopper cars with the Company and Bunge. 
 
 The Company entered into an agreement effective March 24, 2019 extending the original Railcar Agreement with Bunge for the lease of ethanol cars and hopper cars which will be used for the delivery and marketing of ethanol and distiller grains. This was later amended to hopper cars effective November 2019. Effective August 2020, the ethanol car level was amended to , and the lease was assigned to Trinity Leasing company. Under the Railcar Agreement, the original DOT111 tank cars are leased over a four year term from March 24, 2019 to April 30, 2023, with the ability to start returning cars after January 1, 2023 to conform to the requirement for DOT117 tank cars with enhanced safety specifications which is scheduled to be effective in May 2023. The 110 hopper cars are leased over a three year term running from March 24, 2019 to March 31, 2022 which term will continue on a month-to-month basis thereafter. The amendments to the Railcar Agreement lowered the cost for the leases by approximately as compared to the prior lease terms. Pursuant to the terms of a side letter to the Railcar Agreement, we sublease cars back to other companies from time to time when the cars are not in use in our operations. We work with the lessor to determine the most economic use of the available ethanol and hopper cars in light of current market conditions. In February 2019, we entered into a second month lease for an additional tank cars from an unrelated third party leasing company (this was in addition to the non-insulated tank cars leased from that company signed December 2015. This agreement expired in June of 2020, and was converted to a month-to-month basis.). Related party expenses under this agreement were million and million for Fiscal 2021 and 2020 , respectively, net of subleases and accretion. 

The Company continues to work with the lessors to determine the need for ethanol and hopper cars in light of current market conditions, and the expected conditions in 2022 and beyond. The Company believes we will be able to fully utilize our fleet of hopper cars in the future, to allow us to cost-effectively ship distillers grains to distant markets, primarily the export markets. 
 
 As part of the Bunge Repurchase Agreement, Bunge agreed to provide transition services until March 31, 2020 for all duties and responsibilities of the original DG Purchase Agreement. The Company is now responsible for all duties and responsibilities previously performed by Bunge. The Company has incurred related party distillers grains marketing expenses of million and million during Fiscal 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 As part of the Bunge Repurchase Agreement, Bunge agreed to provide transition services until March 31, 2020 for all duties and responsibilities of the original Agency Agreement. The Company is now responsible for all duties and responsibilities previously performed by Bunge. Related party expenses for corn procurement by Bunge were million and million during Fiscal 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 Major Customers 
 
 In connection with the Bunge Repurchase Agreement, the Company and Bunge entered into a Restated Ethanol Agreement effective January 1, 2020 pursuant to which Bunge continues to purchase and market all of the ethanol produced by the Company. The Distillers Grain Purchase Agreement expired on December 31, 2019; however, as part of the Bunge Repurchase Agreement, Bunge agreed to provide transition services until March 31, 2020 for all duties and responsibilities of the Distillers Grain Purchase Agreement. The Company is now responsible for all duties and responsibilities previously performed by Bunge under the Distillers Grain Purchase Agreement. The Company has expensed million and million in marketing fees under these agreements for Fiscal 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Revenues with this customer were million and million, respectively, for Fiscal 2021 and 2020 . Trade accounts receivable due from Bunge were million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

pounds per hour. The Company agreed to pay a net energy rate for all steam provided under the contract as well as a monthly demand charge. The net energy rate is set for the first three years then adjusted each year beginning on the third anniversary date. The steam contract was renewed effective January 1, 2013, and will remain in effect until November 30, 2024. Expenses under this agreement for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were million and million, respectively. 

The Company leases rail cars and rail moving equipment with original terms up to years for hopper cars and years for tanker cars from Bunge. This lease was assigned to Trinity Leasing effective July 17, 2020. An additional cars are leased from a third party under two separate leases for years for half and years for the second half. The Company is obligated to pay costs of insurance, taxes, repairs and maintenance pursuant to the terms of the leases. These costs are in addition to regular lease payments and are not included in lease expense. The Company subleased tanker cars to two unrelated third parties. The Company subleased hopper cars to an unrelated third party starting in May 2020, and the third party returned hopper cars in September 2020. The lease expired in August 2020, but the remaining hopper cars remain on a month-to-month rent basis. Expense incurred for the operating leases were million for the year ended September 30, 2021 and million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The lease agreements have maturity dates ranging from January 2022 to May 2023. The average remaining life of the lease term for these leases was years as of September 30, 2021 . 
 
 The discount rate used in determining the lease liability for each individual lease was the Company's estimated incremental borrowing rate of . The right-of-use asset operating lease, is included in the other asset grouping, and operating lease liability, included in current and long term liabilities was million as of September 30, 2021 . 
 
 The Company's aggregate minimum rental commitments under non-cancellable operating leases as of September 30, 2021 are as follows (in 000's ): 

2023 
 2024 
 Total 
 
 Undiscounted future payments 
 Discount effect 
 Present value 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 There are no items to report. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 The Company s management, including its President and Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer), Michael D. Jerke, along with its Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), Ann M. Reis, have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act ), as of September 30, 2021. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Based upon this review and evaluation, these officers believe that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are presently effective in ensuring that material information related to us is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the forms and rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (the 2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, the Company s management concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, the Company s integrated controls over financial reporting were effective. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report on internal controls by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010. 

45

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable 

46

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2022 Annual Meeting of Members (the 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 2022 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Member Matters. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 2022 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 2022 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 2022 Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 Documents filed as part of this Report. 

Balance Sheets 

Statements of Operations 

Statements of Members Equity 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Financial Statements 

(b) 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference as set forth below: 

2 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

3(i) 
 Articles of Organization, as filed with the Iowa Secretary of State on March 28, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on January 28, 2008). 

4(i) 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated June 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 23, 2020. 

4(ii) 
 Unit Transfer Policy, including QMS Manual attached thereto as Appendix 1 (filed herewith) 

4(vi) 
 Description of Our Securities (filed herewith) 

9 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

10.1 
 Electric Service Contract dated December 15, 2006 with MidAmerican Energy Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on January 28, 2008). 

10.2 
 License Agreement dated September 25, 2006 between the Company and ICM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 on Form S-1/A filed by the Company on February 24, 2011). Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.3 
 Steam Service Contract dated January 22, 2007 between the Company and MidAmerican Energy Company, as amended October 3, 2008, January 1, 2009, January 1, 2009, December 1, 2009, January 1, 2013, and August 20, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 10-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2020). Portions of the Agreement and amendments thereto have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.601(b)(10)(iv)) because such information is both not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the company if publicly disclosed 

10.4 
 Amended and Restated Railcar Sublease Agreement dated March 25, 2009 with Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Form 10-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2020). Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.601(b)(10)(iv)) because such information is both not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

10.5 
 ICM, Inc. Agreement - Equity Matters, by and between ICM, Inc. and the Company, dated as of June 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 23, 2010). 

10.6 
 Bunge Agreement - Equity Matters by and between the Company and Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. dated effective August 26, 2009. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.72 of Form S-1/A filed by the Company on February 24, 2011) 

10.10 
 First Amendment to Bunge Agreement - Equity Matters, by and between Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. and the Company, dated as of June 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 23, 2010). 

10.7 
 Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company of July 6, 2010). 

10.8 
 Joint Defense Agreement between ICM, Inc. and the Company dated July 13, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 16, 2010). 

10.9 
 Tricanter Purchase and Installation Agreement by and between ICM, Inc. and the Company dated August 25, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on January 12, 2011). Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.10 
 Employment Agreement dated effective January 1, 2012 by and between the Company and Brian T. Cahill. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 5, 2012). 

10.11 
 First Amendment to Promissory Note dated February 29, 2012 by and between the Company and Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 6, 2012) 

10.12 
 Base Contract for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas between Encore Energy Services, Inc. and the Company effective April 1, 2012. Portions of this Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 1, 2012). 

10.13 
 Confirming Order between Encore Energy Services, Inc. and the Company dated April 25, 2012. Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 1, 2012). 

10.14 
 Letter Agreement by and between the Company and CFO Systems, LLC dated June 21, 2012. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 22, 2012). 

10.15 
 Notice of Assignment of Interests from Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. to Bunge North America, Inc. dated September 24, 2012. (incorporated by reference of Exhibit 10 of Form 10-K filed by Company on December 19, 2012). 

10.16 
 Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among the Company and EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. named therein dated effective as of April 2, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 11, 2013). 

10.17 
 Non-Exclusive CO2 Facility Site Lease Agreement by and among the Company and EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. named therein dated effective April 2, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company of April 11, 2013). 

10.18 
 Credit Agreement by and between the Company, Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA, as Lender and CoBank, ACB as cash management provider and agent dated as of June 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 

10.19 
 Global Modification Agreement dated February 26, 2021 by and among the Company, Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA, Farm Credit Services of America, PCA and CoBank, ACB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 4, 2021) 

10.20 
 Term Note by and between the Company and Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA dated June 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 

10.21 
 Revolving Term Note by and between the Company and Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA dated as of June 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 

10.22 
 Amendment No. 1 to Ethanol Purchase Agreement by and between the Company, as Producer, Bunge North America, Inc., as Bunge dated August 29, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 5, 2014). 

10.23 
 Amendment No. 2 to Ethanol Purchase Agreement by and between the Company, as Producer, Bunge North America, Inc., as Bunge dated October 31, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 31, 2014). 

10.24 
 Amended and Restated Ethanol Purchase Agreement dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). Portions of the Ethanol Purchase Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.25 
 Second Amended and Restated Ethanol Purchase Agreement effective as of January 1, 2020 by and among the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 2, 2020). 

10.26 
 Amended and Restated Grain Feedstock Agency Agreement dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). Portions of the Grain Feedstock Agency Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.27 
 Amended and Restated Distiller s Grain Purchase Agreement dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). Portions of the Distiller s Grain Purchase Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.28 
 Services Agreement Regarding Corn Purchases dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). Portions of the Services Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.29 
 Letter Agreement dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). 

10.30 
 SIRE ICM Unit Agreement by and between the Company and ICM Investments, LLC dated effective as of December 17, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 23, 2014). 

10.31 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael D. Jerke effective October 22, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 28, 2018). 

10.32 
 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement dated November 8, 2019 by and among Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC, Farm Credit Services of American, FLCA and CoBank, ACB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 14, 2019). 

10.33 
 Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement dated February 26, 2021 by and among the Company, Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA, Farm Credit Services of America, PCA and CoBank, ACB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 4, 2021) 

10.34 
 Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement dated July 30, 2021 by and among the Company, Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA, Farm Credit Services of America, PCA and CoBank, ACB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 12, 2021). 

10.35 
 Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement dated October 29, 2021 by and among the Company, Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA, Farm Credit Services of America, PCA and CoBank, ACB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 4, 2021). 

10.36 
 Revolving Credit Note dated February 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 4, 2021) 

10.37 
 First Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note dated July 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 12, 2021) 

10.38 
 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note dated October 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 4, 2021). 

10.39 
 Second Amended and Restated Term Note dated February 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 4, 2021) 

10.40 
 Amended and Restated Term Note by and between the Company and Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA dated November 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 14, 2019). 

10.41 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Term Note by and between the Company and Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA dated November 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 14, 2019). 

10.42 
 Amended and Restated Ethanol Purchase Agreement dated effective October 23, 2017 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 26, 2017). Portions of the Ethanol Purchase Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.43 
 Bunge Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 2019 by and among the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 2, 2020. 

10.44 
 Termination Agreement dated December 31, 2019 by and among the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 2, 2020). 

11 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

12 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

13 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

14 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

15 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

16 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

17 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

18 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

19 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

20 
 Omitted - Inapplicable. 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) executed by the Principal Executive Officer. (filed herewith) 

31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) executed by the Principal Financial Officer. (filed herewith) 

32.1 
 Rule 15d-14(b) Certifications (pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) executed by the Principal Executive Officer. (furnished herewith) 

32.2 
 Rule 15d-14(b) Certifications (pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) executed by the Principal Financial Officer. (furnished herewith) 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document and include in Exhibit 101) 

_________________ 

Denotes exhibit that constitutes a management contract, or compensatory plan or arrangement 

This certification is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference 

SIGNATURES 
 
 In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 

Date: 
 December 23, 2021 
 /s/ Michael D. Jerke 

Michael D. Jerke, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 December 23, 2021 
 /s/ Ann M. Reis 

Ann M. Reis, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Date 

/s/ Karol D. King 
 December 23, 2021 

Karol D. King, Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Theodore V. Bauer 
 December 23, 2021 

Theodore V. Bauer, Director 

/s/ Michael K. Guttau 
 December 23, 2021 

Michael K. Guttau, Director 

/s/ Jill E. Euken 
 December 23, 2021 

Jill E. Euken, Director 

/s/ Kevin J. Ross 
 December 23, 2021 

Kevin J. Ross, Director 

47

<EX-4.II>
 2
 ex_318324.htm
 EXHIBIT 4(II)

ex_318324.htm 

Exhibit 4(ii) 

Unit Transfer Policy 

Effective December 17, 2021 

1. Introduction. 

This Unit Transfer Policy Policy of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the Company, SIRE, we or us is effective as of December 17, 2021 as amended from time to time by our Directors. This Policy constitutes Exhibit C of our Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated June 19, 2020, as it may be amended from time to time (the Operating Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined in this Policy have the meaning given to them in the Operating Agreement. 

2. Definitions. 

Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, the following terms have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 2: 

Directors 

The Directors of SIRE (or a committee thereof) 

Manual 

The Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy Qualified Matching Service Manual applicable to the QMS provided at Appendix 1 

Private Unit Transfer 

A Transfer of a Unit outside of the QMS 

QMS 

SIRE s qualified matching service 

QMS Unit Transfer 

A Transfer of a Unit through the QMS 

Securities 

SIRE s Membership Units 

Unit Transfers 

Private Unit Transfers and QMS Unit Transfers 

3. Procedures General Rules. 

QMS Unit Transfers : Unit Holders wishing to Transfer any Units through the QMS should refer to the Manual which is available on our website (www.sireethanol.com). The procedures for and the timing of QMS Unit Transfers are governed by the Manual, in addition to the provisions below. 

Private Unit Transfers : Unit Holders wishing to Transfer any Units in a Private Unit Transfer must send us a completed Private Unit Transfer Request and Agreement in the form attached as Appendix 2 which has been executed by both the Transferor(s) and the Transferee(s). The Private Unit Transfer Request and Agreement , which is available on our website, must be sent to us at the following address: 

Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC 

 10868 189th St. 

 Council Bluffs, IA 51503 

1

No Transfer of Units shall be permitted or effective without approval by the Directors unless otherwise set forth in the Operating Agreement and no such Transfer shall be binding on SIRE without the approval of the Directors and the direction of the Directors to enter the Transfer in the books and records of SIRE. 

We reserve the right to request a non-refundable check in the amount determined by us made out to Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC to cover the costs we incur for a Unit Transfer request, which may include administrative expenses and professional fees. 1 

We may request additional information respecting Unit Transfer, including an opinion of the Transferor s counsel, as discussed below. 

All requests for Unit Transfers will be aggregated and submitted to our Directors for consideration at the end of each fiscal quarter or at such more frequent times as determined by our Directors in their sole discretion. 

For Private Unit Transfers, we will notify the Transferor whether the Directors have approved the request following the Directors meeting in which the request is considered. For QMS Unit Transfers, if the Directors approve the request, we will inform the QMS of such approval and the parties will be notified as provided in the Manual. In the event a request for a Unit Transfer is denied, the materials submitted by the Unit Holder will be returned, excepting the check (if required). 

If a request for a Unit Transfer is granted by our Directors, the Transfer will become effective as to the Transfer of ownership and as to allocation matters as provided in this Policy. 

4. General Limitations. Our Directors have discretion to approve any request by a Series A Unit holder for a Unit Transfer. In addition to the information required elsewhere in this Policy, the Directors may require the Transferor Member to provide an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Directors that: (i) the proposed Transfer, alone or when combined with other transactions, would not result in: (A) a termination of SIRE within the meaning of Code Section 708 (or, if so, that no material adverse tax consequences would result to us or the Members by reason of such termination), (B) SIRE s losing its status as a partnership for income tax purposes, or (C) the taxation of SIRE as a publicly traded partnership for income tax purposes; and (ii) the Unit(s) may be Transferred without registration under any applicable securities laws. 

5. Further Conditions for Permitted Unit Transfers. 

Requirement : A Unit Transfer will not be treated as a Permitted Transfer unless and until the conditions in this Section and Article IX of the Operating Agreement are satisfied. 

Conveyance Documents . Except in the case of a Transfer of a Unit involuntarily by operation of law, the Transferor and Transferee must execute and deliver to us documents and instruments of conveyance as may be necessary or appropriate in the opinion of our counsel to affect the Transfer. In the case of a Transfer of Units involuntarily by operation of law, the Transfer must be confirmed by presentation to us of legal evidence of the Transfer, in form and substance satisfactory to our counsel. In all cases, we must be reimbursed by the Transferor and/or Transferee for all costs and expenses we reasonably incur in connection with the Transfer. 

Tax Information . The Transferor and Transferee of a Unit must furnish us with the Transferee s taxpayer identification number, sufficient information to determine the Transferee s initial tax basis in the Units Transferred, and any other information reasonably necessary to permit us to file all required federal and state tax returns and other required information statements or returns. In addition, the Transferee of a Unit must consent to the use of the method and convention of allocating Profits and Losses and each item of Profit and Loss for the year of the Transfer that is specified in this Policy. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we will not be required to make any Distribution otherwise provided for in the Operating Agreement with respect to any Transferred Units until we have received this information. 

1 The Directors reserve the right to require the Transferor Member to reimburse the Company for any additional reasonable costs incurred in connection with responding to and effecting a requested Transfer. 

2

Does Not Cause SIRE To Be Investment Company . Except in the case of a Transfer of Units involuntarily by operation of law, if requested by the Directors in their sole discretion, the Transferor of a Unit must provide an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Directors to the effect that the Transfer will not cause SRE to be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Transferee Is Not A Competitor Of SIRE . Except in the case of a Transfer of Units involuntarily by operation of law, the Directors must determine (in their sole discretion) that the Transferee of a Unit is not a competitor of SIRE or our Affiliates, or an Affiliate of our competitor or a Person who as a unit holder or member would or may be detrimental to our interests. The proposed Transferor of a Unit and proposed Transferee must submit information requested by the Directors to make the determination. 

Suspension Of Transfers After Dissolution Event . No notice or request initiating the procedures contemplated by this Policy may be given by a Unit Holder after a Dissolution Event has occurred. 

Directors May Waive Conditions . Subject to Section 3 of this Policy, the Directors have the authority to waive any opinion or other condition required in this Policy. 

Distributions And Allocations for Transferred Units . If any Units are Transferred during any Fiscal Year in compliance with the provisions of this Policy and Article IX of the Operating Agreement, items of Profits and Losses and all other items attributable to the Transferred Units for such Fiscal Year will be divided and allocated between the Transferor and the Transferee by taking into account their varying interests during the Fiscal Year in accordance with Code Section 706(d), using any conventions permitted by law and selected by the Directors. All distributions on or before the effective date of the Transfer will be made to the Transferor, and all distributions thereafter will be made to the Transferee. Solely for purposes of making such allocations and distributions, we will recognize the Transfer to be effective not later than the first day of the month following the quarter in which the Directors approve the Transfer and all documents to effectuate the Transfer have been executed and delivered to us, provided that we have received the required or requested documents at least 10 days prior to the first day of such month, otherwise those items will be allocated and distributed to the Transferor, provided further that, if we do not receive a notice stating the date the Units were Transferred and other information as the Directors may reasonably require within thirty (30) days after the end of the Fiscal Year during which the Transfer occurs, then all of those items will be allocated, and all distributions will be made, to the person or entity who, according to our books and records, was the owner of the Units on the last day of that Fiscal Year. Neither we nor any Member will incur any liability for making allocations and distributions in accord with the provisions of this Policy, whether or not the Directors or SIRE has knowledge of any Transfer of any Units. Unless and until the Directors approve a Transfer and a Transferee is a permitted Transferee and that Transferee is admitted as a Substitute Member under Section 9.10 of the Operating Agreement, the proposed Transferee will have no interest in SIRE and will not be treated as a Member for purpose of any distribution, the allocation of Profits or Losses, the voting of Units or for any other purpose. 

6. Publicly Traded Partnership Limitations. Generally speaking, the Code provides that an organization which is a publicly-traded partnership PTP will be treated as a corporation for tax purposes. Therefore, the Directors will not permit a Unit Transfer if it would cause SIRE to be treated as a PTP. The Code and the Regulations provide that if more than 2 of SIRE s outstanding Securities are Transferred in any calendar year, SIRE will be treated as a PTP (the PTP Limitations ). 

3

The Code and the Regulations provide that some Transfers are not counted toward the PTP Limitations, which are primarily the following (collectively, the Exemptions ): 

A Transfer in which the basis of the Security is in the hands of the Transferee is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to its basis in the hands of the Transferor or is determined under Code 732 (such as a distribution from an entity taxed as a partnership to the partners). 

A Transfer at death, including Transfers from an estate or testamentary trust. 

A Transfer between members of a family, with family defined to include brothers and sisters, whether by the whole or half blood, spouse, ancestors (parents and grandparents only), and lineal descendants. Note that uncles, aunts and relatives through marriage are not included in this definition of family. Therefore, a proposed Transfer where the Transferees are joint tenants will not fit within this Exemption, unless both joint tenants are related by family as defined in the Regulation. 

A Transfer involving the issuance of Securities by (or on behalf of) SIRE in exchange for cash, property, or services. 

A Transfer involving distributions from a retirement plan qualified under Code 401(a) or an individual retirement account. 

One or more Transfers by a Member and any related persons (within the meaning of Code 267(b) or 707(b)(1)) during any 30 calendar day period of Securities aggregating more than 2 of the total outstanding Securities. 

A Transfer representing in aggregate 50 or more of the total Securities in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

Generally speaking, the Directors will not permit a Private Unit Transfer if it does not meet one of the Exemptions. Since the PTP Limitations apply on a calendar year basis, there may be instances where the Directors may permit a Private Unit Transfer even if it does not meet one of the Exemptions, to the extent we otherwise fall within the PTP Limitations for that calendar year. For Private Unit Transfers, the Directors reserve the right to make its own determination as to whether (i) a proposed Transfer meets an Exemption, (ii) we will stay within the PTP Limitations for a calendar year, and (iii) it should not permit a Transfer in any event. 

In addition, the Code provides that Transfers of up to 10 of SIRE s outstanding Securities in a calendar year through the QMS are not counted toward the PTP Limitations. For QMS Unit Transfers, the Directors reserve the right to make its own determination as to whether (i) a proposed QMS Unit Transfer does not exceed the 10 limit, (ii) we will stay within the PTP Limitations for a calendar year, and (iii) it should not permit a QMS Unit Transfer in any event. 

7. Conventions Respecting Unit Transfers. 

Ownership: For purposes of effecting the Transfer of ownership in a Unit, unless otherwise determined by our Directors, any Transfer of a Unit will be deemed effective (the Transfer Date as of the first day of the month following the quarter in which: (i) the Transfer occurs (as determined under the Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy Ethanol Qualified Matching Service Manual for QMS Unit Transfers, or as reflected by the Private Unit Transfer Request and Agreement for Private Unit Transfers), (ii) the Transferee s name and address and the nature and extent of the Transfer are reflected in our records (including the Unit Holder Register), (iii) all other requirements imposed by the Directors for the Transfer have been satisfied and (iv) the Directors have approved the Transfer in accordance with this Policy and the terms of the Operating Agreement. 

Allocations: For purposes of the allocation of items of our Profits, Losses, gains deductions and distributions (collectively, along with all company-related allocations under the Operating Agreement, the Allocations ), the effective date of a Unit Transfer will be determined by reference to quarterly (on the basis of our Fiscal Year) interim periods Interim Periods ). On the first day of an Interim Period immediately after the Interim Period in which the Directors approve a Transfer (the Allocation Date ), the Allocations will apply to such Unit(s) Transferred as follows: (i) on the Allocation Date, all Allocations for the Transferred Unit(s) applicable on or after the Allocation Date will apply to the Transferee, and (ii) prior to the Allocation Date, regardless of the Transfer Date, all Allocations for the Transferred Unit(s) will be allocated or distributed, as applicable, to the Transferor. 

4

Appendix 1 to Unit Transfer Policy 

Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC 

 Qualified Matching Service Manual 

 Effective December 17, 2021 

I. Purpose and Overview. 

Under the Trading Service Agreement dated November 20, 2009 between Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC SIRE and FNC Ag Stock, LLC FNC ), SIRE and FNC hereby agree to the following rules and procedures for the trading of SIRE s Membership Units Securities through the Qualified Matching Service established by SIRE and operated by FNC (the QMS under the terms of this Qualified Matching Service Manual Manual ). All terms not otherwise defined below have the meaning given to them in the SIRE s Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated June 19, 2020 as may be amended from time to time (the Operating Agreement ). 

SIRE must limit trading of its Securities to preserve its pass-through tax status. Members will be allowed to sell their Membership Units through the QMS (a QMS Unit Transfer ). Transfers that are not made through the QMS (a Private Unit Transfer may be made under the requirements of this Unit Transfer Policy (the Transfer Policy ). Please see Appendix 2 to the Transfer Policy for Private Unit Transfers of Units. Members should review the provisions of the Transfer Policy on SIRE s website (www.sireethanol.com) for further guidance. All unauthorized trades or Transfers of Securities will be void. 

II. Summary of Important Terms of the QMS. 

Transfer 

			 Limitations 

Membership Units 

			 No Member may Transfer any Unit if, in the determination of SIRE s Directors (or a committee thereof)), such Transfer would cause SIRE to be treated as a publicly-traded partnership PTP under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). No more than 10 of SIRE s outstanding Securities may be traded through the QMS in any calendar year. If the 10 limit is reached, no further trading will be authorized until after the end of the year. See 4 of the Transfer Policy . The Directors may elect in its sole discretion not to recognize any Transfer unless and until (i) SIRE has received a satisfactory opinion of counsel that the Transfer may be lawfully made without registration under applicable state and federal securities laws and that the Transfer will not cause SIRE to be treated as a PTP and (ii) all documents of conveyance are executed and delivered to SIRE, including the Transferor s Membership Unit Certificate. See 3 of the Transfer Policy. 

New 

			 Members 

All new Members purchasing Membership Units through the QMS must sign a counterpart signature page to the Operating Agreement. The signature page is available on SIRE s website. 

Trading 

			 Periods 

The Directors will consider Transfers once per calendar quarter. All Transfers that are approved will be effected on the first day of the following quarter, except when an offer to sell is posted in the last 45 days of a quarter and is matched with an offer to buy, in which case the Transfers are approved the next following quarter. The quarters begin on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each calendar year. See 5 of the Transfer Policy and V and VII(H) below. 

Pledged 

			 Units 

If you have pledged your Securities to secure a loan, you must get a signed consent from your lender to sell your Securities. The escrow agent will make the check for the sale proceeds payable to both you and the lender upon written request by the lender. See VII(D)(6) below. 

Operation 

			 of the QMS 

SIRE has engaged FNC to operate the QMS for SIRE s Securities. You may not sell or Transfer SIRE s Membership Units other than through this QMS or through a Private Unit Transfer under the Private Unit Transfer Request and Agreement contained as Appendix 2 to the Transfer Policy. Sellers must pay FNC a commission of 3 of the purchase price for each QMS Unit Transfer, with a minimum commission of 250.00 per transaction. Offers to buy or sell Securities through the QMS are non-binding until a written contract for sale has been executed. All offers to buy and sell Units remain subject to authorization by the Directors as provided in the Operating Agreement. 

5

Offers to buy or sell Securities through the QMS are non-binding until a written Contract for Sale with FNC Sale Contract has been executed by both parties. FNC s form of Sale Contract can be found on SIRE s website. All matched offers to buy and sell remain subject to authorization by SIRE and any Transfer agent SIRE appoints (the Transfer Agent ). See 3 of the Transfer Policy and VII(D) below. 

Persons interested in buying Securities or selling their Securities through the QMS should contact FNC at 1-(855) 827-7391 to complete a listing agreement (for sellers) with FNC Listing Agreement or place a bid (for buyers). FNC s form of Listing Agreement is available on SIRE s website. You must indicate the price and number of Membership Units you desire to buy or sell in whole Unit (for Membership Units) increments. Offers to buy or sell Securities will be made available by FNC upon request and available listings, recent sales and offers to purchase will be posted on FNC s website at www.fncagstock.com . See VI below. 

FNC will match bids with the listed offers for sale on a daily basis (with the exception of weekends and holidays), except that bids may not be matched with offers to sell until the Securities have been listed for at least 15 days. In matching offers, preference is generally given first to the lowest priced offers to sell or the highest bid price, then in the order received. The purchase price will be the buyer s bid price. See V(K) below. 

When an offer to sell is matched with a bid, FNC will contact the buyer and seller by telephone to confirm the sale and then send buyer the Sale Contract. The buyer must return the signed Sale Contract to FNC within 10 business days with a 100 deposit of the purchase price plus the counterpart signature page to the Operating Agreement (if Transferring Membership Units) and other documentation, if applicable. The purchase price deposit will be held by the independent escrow agent engaged by SIRE, Alerus Financial Escrow Agent until the sale is completed. See VII(D) below. 

After FNC receives the buyer s Sale Contract and deposit, FNC will send the Sale Contract to the seller who must sign and return it to FNC within 10 business days with his/her Membership Unit Certificate(s) (or a Lost Certificate Affidavit), for the Transfer of Membership Units. SIRE s form of Lost Certificate Affidavit is available on its website. In the Listing Agreement, the seller agrees to pay FNC s commission if the seller fails to sign and return these documents as required. See VII(D) below. 

Approximately 30 days prior to the end of each quarter, FNC will submit to the Transfer Agent the Sales Contracts and related documentation to confirm compliance with all Operating Agreement restrictions (for the Transfer of Membership Units), including Director approval. See VII(F) below. 

If the sale of Membership Units is authorized by the Directors, the Transfer Agent will reissue the Membership Units to the buyer and inform FNC to direct the Escrow Agent to disburse the net sale proceeds to the seller, after payment of FNC s commission. If the sale is not authorized, the purchase price will be returned to the buyer and no commission will be charged. See VII(D) below. 

Offers to sell and offers to buy may not be listed on the QMS any longer than 120 days. After an offer to sell or buy has been listed for 120 days, it will be removed. A buyer may repost his or her offer to buy immediately; however, a seller will not be able to list any Membership Units for sale for at least 60 days after the offer is removed. See VI(M) (N) below. 

6

III. QMS Schedule. 

The following is the schedule of key dates throughout the year for trades effected through the QMS. QMS participants should also review V-VII below for more detailed explanations of the various deadlines, as the following dates are provided for guidance only and may vary. Please note that the effective date of any Transfer of Membership Units is subject to the terms of the Operating Agreement. 

Activity 

Quarter 1 

Quarter 2 

Quarter 3 

Quarter 4 

First day of quarter 

January 1 

April 1 

July 1 

October 1 

Deadline to submit offers to sell that can be approved during quarter if matched: 

February 13 

May 16 

August 16 

November 15 

Deadline to submit offers to purchase for match to be approved during quarter : 

February 28 

May 31 

August 31 

November 30 

Deadline for FNC to submit required documentation to Transfer Agent for authorization: 

March 17 

June 16 

September 15 

December 15 

Effective date of trades authorized by Transfer Agent in prior quarter: 

April 1 

July 1 

October 1 

January 1 

May be waived in FNC s discretion if other sale conditions met. 

IV. Terms and Conditions of Use. 

A. 

Brokers and dealers may not use the QMS to purchase or sell Securities for the accounts of others. 

B. 

There is no charge to buyers or sellers to register or post Securities on the QMS; however, sellers will be charged a commission for completed transactions which is described below. Interested buyers and sellers should carefully read and follow the instructions provided below. 

C. 

None of the Securities are listed on a national securities exchange or other regulated securities market. 

D. 

The information contained in the QMS does not consist of firm quotes, but rather merely lists the names, addresses and telephone numbers of interested sellers and buyers, the number of Securities offered or desired to be purchased, and the price at which the proposed transaction would occur. SIRE will not assure that any particular transaction will occur as to any particular number of Units. All the transactions must be executed independent of SIRE or any of its affiliates. 

E. 

This Manual may be revised from time to time in the discretion of SIRE and in coordination with FNC. The most current version will always be available on SIRE s website, or upon request to SIRE or FNC. Buyers and sellers should confirm that they are referring to the most current version of this Manual when using the QMS. 

F. 

All applicable state and federal securities laws, including registration requirements, apply to any offer made or transaction consummated using the QMS. In addition, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 obliges persons acquiring beneficial ownership of 5 or more of SIRE s Membership Units to file specified reports. Buyers and Sellers and not SIRE are responsible for compliance with applicable securities laws. 

7

G. 

Two-sided quotes in which a person indicates a bid to buy at one price and an offer to sell at another price are prohibited. 

H. 

SIRE will act as Transfer Agent and can be contacted at: 

Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC 

 Attention: Transfers 

 10868 189th Street 

 Council Bluffs, Iowa 51503 

I. 

Any person that is a broker-dealer or an associated person of a broker-dealer or who has a state securities license is responsible for identifying that fact. 

J. 

By accessing the QMS, the buyer and seller of the Securities agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless SIRE and its directors, employees, agents and members from any and all claims arising out of participation with its appearing on the QMS. 

K. 

The Securities appearing on the QMS are illiquid and inherently risky. Therefore, a prospective investor must understand that he/she/it must be able to withstand the total loss of their investment. Prospective investors should carefully review SIRE s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including the risk factors SIRE has identified as important respecting its Securities and business which are described in SIRE s last Report on Form 10-K, as may be updated in a Report on Form 10-Q by SIRE. Prospective investors can locate these reports either on SIRE s website or the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). 

L. 

The Securities listed on the QMS are not endorsed by any regulatory authority. The fact that the sale of the Securities may have been registered with a state regulatory agency and/or the SEC does not constitute an endorsement by any regulatory body. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

M. 

The appearance of Securities on the QMS does not constitute an offer to sell nor solicitation of an offer to buy Securities by SIRE. All transactions in Securities through the QMS are solely made between the sellers and buyers. 

V. Trading Periods. 

Sellers may post offers to sell Securities (also referred to as the ask price and purchasers may post offers to purchase Securities (also referred to as the bid price on the QMS during any business day of the year. Offers to sell will be matched with offers to purchase on a rolling, daily basis after the offer to sell has been posted for at least 15 days. Trades will be completed four times a year on the first day of each quarter beginning on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1. Trades for Units will be coordinated upon final notification of acceptance from SIRE s Transfer Agent. 

VI. General Rules and Procedures. 

A. 

Questions About the QMS. Questions regarding registration, buying and selling on the QMS should be directed to FNC as follows, or please refer to FNC s website (www.fncagstock.com) for contact information: 

Telephone: (855) 827-7391 or 

 (701) 780-2828 

 Fax: (701) 757-0889 

B. 

Questions About SIRE and Investor Information. Questions regarding SIRE should be directed to: 

Telephone: (712) 366-0392 or (877) 366-2480 

 Fax: (712) 366-0394 

8

C. 

Access to Offers to Sell or Purchase. Interested buyers and sellers may contact FNC for purposes of buying and selling Securities as follows: 

Offers to sell or purchase shall be posted to the QMS only after the submission to FNC of a fully competed Listing Agreement (described more fully in VI below). 

FNC will provide, orally or in writing, to persons that inquire, all offers to sell or purchase posted to the QMS as of the day of the inquiry. FNC will provide such information, either orally or in writing, within a reasonable period of time following the request. 

D. 

Non-firm quotes. All offers to sell and purchase posted to the QMS will be considered non-firm. 

E. 

Communication of Offers to Purchase and Sell. Offers to purchase and sell must be communicated to a registered representative of FNC by telephone or in person no later than 5:00 p.m. (C.S.T.) of any business day or by 3:30 p.m. when oral bidding will be required per Section VI(K) (matching order roles). Communication to FNC of said offers by email, voice mail, or otherwise is prohibited. 

F. 

Increments. Offers to sell and offers to purchase Membership Units must be made in whole Unit increments and a purchase price per Membership Units in whole dollars and cents. No offer to sell or purchase of partial or fractionalized Membership Units may be posted to the QMS. 

G. 

Waiting period. An offer to purchase may not be accepted by the seller prior to the 15 th calendar day after the offer to sell is posted to the QMS. 

H. 

Modification of offers. An offer to sell may be modified by the seller at any time, subject however to the restriction that an offer to purchase cannot be accepted by a seller prior to the 15th calendar day after the modified offer to sell is posted to the QMS. Any modification will not alter or extend the 120-day maximum period the Securities can be posted for sale by the QMS. If FNC communicates to a seller an offer to purchase and the offer to purchase is at a bid price equal to or above the seller s ask price, and if the seller declines to accept the offer to purchase for the bid price, seller will either set a new ask price (non-firm) or request cancellation of the offer to sell. If the seller sets a new ask price (non-firm), the seller s ask price will not be eligible for acceptance until the 15th day after which the modified offer is communicated to FNC and posted to the QMS. 

J. 

Cancellation of offers. Sellers may cancel an offer to sell at any time prior to his/her/its acceptance of an offer to purchase. All offers to purchase (bids) may be cancelled by contacting FNC by telephone or in writing at any time prior to an agreement for sale being reached by seller and purchaser (communication of an offer and acceptance). 

K. 

QMS order rules. Matching of offers to sell and offers to purchase for Securities are governed by the following rules: 

1. 

An offer to sell will not be eligible for matching and acceptance with an offer to purchase before the 15th calendar day of the offer to sell being posted to the QMS. 

2. 

For multiple offers to purchase, the offer to purchase with the highest bid price will have the first opportunity for matching. 

3. 

For multiple offers to purchase which are at or above an asking price eligible for matching and which are posted between the 1st and 15th calendar day after an offer to sell has been posted to the QMS, FNC will make reasonable efforts to contact all such bidders at the end of the day of the 15th calendar day, and inform them of the multiple bids, and offer each bidder the opportunity to bid until the tie is broken. 

9

4. 

For multiple offers to sell, the offer to sell with the lowest asking price posted to the QMS will have the first opportunity for matching. 

5. 

For multiple sellers at same asking price, the seller who posted the offer to sell Securities first in time has priority. For multiple purchasers at the same bid price, a purchaser who posted an offer to purchase first in time has priority. 

6. 

After price and time, precedence is given to the seller or purchaser with the largest order. 

7. 

If priority cannot be established by price, timing or order quantity a prevailing seller or purchaser is selected at the discretion of FNC. 

L. 

Closing date; Purchase Price. Closing of the sale, at which time the net proceeds will be forwarded to the seller, will not take place prior to 45 days after the offer to sell is posted to the QMS. The purchase price for each sale will be the bid price stated in the offer to purchase that is matched with the offer to sell. 

M. 

Removal . Offers to sell and offers to purchase may be posted to and listed on the QMS for a maximum of 120 days. Any offer to sell or purchase that has not been matched at the end of the 120 days will be removed from the QMS. 

N. 

Eligibility for future posting. A seller whose offer to sell has not been matched within 120 days and consequently whose offer to sell has been removed from the QMS will not be eligible to post a new or subsequent offer to sell unless and until 60 calendar days have expired from the date of the previous offer to sell was removed from the QMS. Purchasers will be eligible to repost any offer to purchase immediately after it is removed. 

VII. Trading, Payment and Transfer Procedures. 

A. 

Listing Agreement. To be eligible to sell Securities, the seller and FNC must sign a Listing Agreement authorizing FNC to seek a purchaser for Securities, as applicable. The Listing Agreement will specify and include the following: 

Name, address, telephone number, social security number, date of birth, occupation, and employer name and address of the interested seller; 

Number of Membership Units offered for sale; 

Price at which Securities are offered for sale; 

Expiration date; 

Listing date; 

Responsibilities and obligations of seller and FNC; 

Obligation of FNC to secure 100 of purchase price; and 

Sales commission rate and minimum commission. 

B. 

Placing offers to purchase. Prospective purchasers who desire to place an offer to purchase may contact FNC in person or by telephone. An offer to purchase may be made at the lowest listed asking price or any other price. Two-sided quotes in which a person indicates a bid to buy at one price and sell at another are prohibited. 

C. 

Communication offer to purchase to seller. Once an offer to purchase is made that equals or exceeds the asking price of one or more listed offers for sale, the eligible offer to purchase is communicated to the seller having the lowest asking price for readily available Securities in accordance with the matching order rules as described above. FNC will use reasonable efforts to contact eligible sellers; however, if FNC is unable to make contact with a seller within a reasonable time according to its best judgment, FNC will communicate the offer to next eligible seller. After communication of offer to purchase to seller, if the offer to purchase is at or above the posted asking price, the seller has the option to accept or reject the offer to purchase. 

10

D. 

Contract for Sale. 

1. 

Upon verbal agreement for sale between a purchaser and seller, FNC will generate and send to purchaser a Contract for Sale and a counterpart signature page to the Operating Agreement (if the Transfer is of Membership Units). 

2. 

Purchaser will be obligated to fully execute and return to FNC the Contract for Sale, an earnest money deposit of 100 of the accepted purchase price (check made payable to Alerus Financial, Escrow Agent and, if the Transfer is of Membership Units, then an executed Operating Agreement signature page if a new member of SIRE, in any event within 10 days of receipt of the Contract for Sale. 

3. 

Upon receipt of the purchaser s executed Contract for Sale and earnest money, FNC will immediately deposit the earnest money into a non-interest bearing escrow account at Alerus Financial Escrow Agent and forward the Contract for Sale to the seller for signature. 

4. 

Within 10 days of the date of receipt of the Contract for Sale, Seller must (i) execute and return to FNC the Contract for Sale; and send to SIRE the Membership Unit Certificate(s) (or a satisfactory Lost Certificate Affidavit, available on SIRE s website). 

5. 

In the event the Seller granted to a lender a security interest in the Securities, the Seller is required to provide proof of the lender s consent and any Transfer instructions with the Contract for Sale. At the time of closing, the Securities must be free and clear of any lien, encumbrance, pledge or security interest. 

E. 

Notification. 

Upon receipt of the fully executed documents from the seller and funds from the purchaser, FNC will forward to the Transfer Agent the Contract for Sale and Operating Agreement membership signature page. The Transfer Agent will then confirm with FNC the Directors approval of the completed transaction. 

F. 

Completion of Sale. 

Upon receipt, FNC will forward to the Transfer Agent copies of all Contracts for Sale and other documents relating to each match of Units together with proof of purchaser s 100 remittance. Upon FNC s receipt of notice from the Transfer Agent that a Membership Unit Certificate is being issued to the purchaser, FNC will direct the Escrow Agent to Transfer the sale proceeds (purchase price minus commission) to the seller on the effective date (see VII(H) below). On or shortly following the effective date, the Transfer Agent will send the new Membership Unit Certificate to the purchaser. If any liens or restrictions on the Units prevent the Transfer Agent from processing the sale, FNC will direct the Escrow Agent to refund the entire amount deposited to the purchaser within 10 business days of receipt of notification of such determination. 

G. 

FNC s commission. Prior to the Escrow Agent s Transfer of the sale proceeds to the seller, the Escrow Agent will deduct an amount representing the sales commission and Transfer the commission to FNC. The commission will be 3 of the purchase price, but in no event less than 250.00. 

H. 

Trade effective date . Subject to SIRE s Transfer Policy, all sales and Transfers will be effective on the first day of the quarter following a match if 45 days has expired since the offer to sell was posted, and upon fulfillment of all conditions required under the Operating Agreement (for the Transfer of Membership Units). If the offer to sell is posted during the last 45 days of the quarter, the sale will be effective on the first day of the next following quarter, subject to the Transfer Policy. For example, if an offer to sell is submitted between January 1 and February 13, the Transfer will be effective on April 1 if buyer and seller meet the above delivery deadlines. On the other hand, if the offer to sell is posted after February 13, the trade will not be effective until July 1 even if all delivery deadlines are met. When Transferring Membership Units, the Transfer Policy specifies when Transfers are deemed effective for (i) ownership purposes and (ii) for purposes of allocating SIRE s profits and losses. 

I. 

Reporting Requirements. Sales and purchases by SIRE officers, directors, and certain beneficial owners must be reported to the SEC within two days, and the acquisition of five percent or more of the Securities (including ownership of Securities by a group) must be reported to SIRE and the SEC within 10 days. These reporting requirements are obligations of the parties to the transactions, and not SIRE or FNC. 

11

Appendix 2 to Unit Transfer Policy 

PRIVATE UNIT TRANSFER REQUEST AND AGREEMENT 

THIS PRIVATE UNIT TRANSFER REQUEST AND AGREEMENT Agreement is made and entered into as of the date provided on the signature page by and among Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC, an Iowa limited liability company (the Company ), the party(ies) identified below as the Transferor(s) Transferor ), and the party(ies) identified below as the Transferee(s) Transferee , together with Transferor, the Transfer Parties ), with respect to the membership unit(s) of the Company Transferor wishes to Transfer to Transferee (the Assigned Membership Units ). Unless otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company dated June 19, 2020 as the same may be amended from time to time (the Operating Agreement ). 

For purposes of this Agreement, Membership Units are referred to as Securities . 

1. 

Identification of the Transfer Parties and the Assigned Membership Units: 

Transferor(s) (units from): 

Name (as on the certificate): 

Social Security Number: 

_____-___-_____ 

-or- 

Tax Identification Number: 

_____-___-_____ 

Home Telephone Number: 

(____) -_____ -_______ 

Work Telephone Number: 

			 Cell Phone 

			 Number: 

(____) -_____ -_______ 

			 (____) -_____ -_______ 

Street Address: 

City: 

State: 

Zip Code: 

Email Address: 

Name (if held in additional names): 

Social Security Number: 

_____-___-_____ 

-or- 

Tax Identification Number: 

_____-___-_____ 

12

Home Telephone Number: 

(____) -_____ -_______ 

Work Telephone Number: 

			 Cell Phone 

			 Number: 

(____) -_____ -_______ 

			 (____) -_____ -_______ 

Street Address: 

City: 

State: 

Zip Code: 

Email Address: 

Transferee(s) (receiving units): 

Name: (as it should appear on the Certificate): 

(One Transfer per document) 

Social Security Number: 

_____-___-_____ 

-or- 

Tax Identification Number: 

_____-___-_____ 

Home Telephone Number: 

(____) -_____ -_______ 

Work Telephone Number: 

			 Cell Phone 

			 Number: 

(____) -_____ -_______ 

			 (____) -_____ -_______ 

Street Address: 

City: 

State: 

Zip Code: 

Email Address: 

Name: 

Social Security Number: 

_____-___-_____ 

13

-or- 

Tax Identification Number: 

_____-___-_____ 

Home Telephone Number: 

(____)-_____-_______ 

Work Telephone 

			 Number: 

			 Cell Phone 

			 Number: 

(____)-_____-_______ 

			 (____)-_____-_______ 

Street Address: 

City: 

State: 

Zip Code: 

Email Address: 

Assigned Membership Unit(s): 

Membership Unit 

			 Certificate Number(s): 

Original Date(s) of the Unit 

			 Certificate(s) to be 

			 Transferred: 

Number of 

			 Membership Units to 

			 be Transferred (whole 

			 Units only): 

Number of Membership 

			 Units to be Retained by 

			 Transferor(s) (if any): 

Prior Transfers by Transferor: 

Has the Transferor ever Transferred Company Membership Units in the past? 

Yes 

No 

If Yes, please indicate when the Transferor last Transferred any Units, the number of Units Transferred, and to who . 

2. Type of Transfer: 

Transferor requests the Directors of Company to approve the following type of Transfer check one ): 

A Transfer in which the basis of the Assigned Membership Units in the hands of the Transferee is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to its basis in the hands of the Transferor or is determined under Code Section 732, such as a gift. 

A Transfer at death, including Transfers from an estate or testamentary trust. 

A Transfer between members of a family, with family defined to include brothers and sisters, whether by the whole or half blood, spouse, ancestors (parents and grandparents only), and lineal descendants. 

			 Relationship of Transferee to Transferor: ______________________________________________________ 

14

Note that uncles, aunts and relatives through marriage are not included in this definition of family, and accordingly, a Transfer to joint tenants, where one of the joint tenants is not otherwise so related, does not fit within this type of Transfer. Proposed Private Unit Transfers to joint tenants may only be made to the one spouse having the family relationship to the Transferor provided above. 

A Transfer involving distributions from a retirement plan qualified under Code Section 401(a) or an individual retirement account. 

One or more Transfers by a Member and any related persons (within the meaning of Code Sections 267(b) or 707(b)(1)) during any 30 calendar day period of Units aggregating more than 2 of the total outstanding Securities. 

A Transfer by one or more Members of Units representing in aggregate 50 or more of the total Securities in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

None of the above apply. 

Type of Ownership for new owners (Check appropriate box) 

Individual 

Partnerships 

Employee Benefit Plan 

Other Tax Exempt Entities 

Joint Tenants 

Limited Liability Company 

Individual Retirement Account 

C Corporation 

S Corporation 

Tenants in Common 

Trust 

Keough Plan 

Other Taxable Entity 

Individuals, Joint Tenants and Tenants in Common are occasionally referred to collectively as individual investors. All Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common must complete and sign separate Investor Suitability Questionnaire and Transfer of Unit agreements. 

Partnerships, Limited Liability Companies, Corporations, Trusts and Other Taxable Entities are occasionally referred to collectively in these Subscription Documents as "Business Entities." Business Entities may be required to complete and sign a Business Entity Questionnaire. 

Employee Benefit Plans, Individual Retirement Accounts, Keogh Plans and Other Tax Exempt Entities are occasionally referred to collectively in these Subscription Documents as "Tax Exempt Entities." 

3. Security Interests: 

Transferor certifies to the Company that choose one ): 

Transferor has not granted to a lender a security interest in the Assigned Membership Units. 

Transferor has granted to a lender a security interest in the Assigned Membership Units and the lender s consent and Transfer instructions accompany this Private Unit Transfer Request and Agreement. 

Transferee certifies to the Company that choose one ): 

Transferee has not granted to a lender a security interest in the Assigned Membership Units. 

Transferee has granted to a lender a security interest in the Assigned Membership Units. 

4. Documents Enclosed: 

Transferor and Transferee have enclosed all of the following documents, as applicable: 

Certificate(s) representing the Assigned Membership Units. 

15

Note: Transferor must execute the reverse side of the Membership Unit Certificate. 

			 Note: If the Membership Unit Certificate is lost or destroyed, the Transferor must include an affidavit declaring same. Please contact the Company for a form of affidavit. 

Executed counterpart signature page to the Operating Agreement for each Transferee which is not already a Member of the Company (attached as the Membership Signature Page ). 

Lender s consent and Transfer instructions (if Transferor has granted a security interest in the Assigned Membership Units to a lender). 

Copies of all documents which the Company requests or which will assist the Directors in determining that the Transfer qualifies as the type of Transfer indicated in Section 2 above. 

A certified copy of a death certificate, letters of appointment or designation of attorney form (if the Transfer is requested due to a Member s death). 

Title page, signature page and trustee indemnification page of trust instrument (if the Transfer is to a trust). 

Resolution of board or governing body approving the Transfer, and copies of bylaws, operating or partnership agreement, as applicable (if Transfer is from or to a corporation, limited liability company or partnership). 

5. Assignment of Assigned Membership Units: 

(a) 

For good and valuable consideration paid by Transferee to Transferor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Transfer Parties, Transferor hereby sells, Transfers and assigns to Transferee, effective upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, all of Transferor s right, title and interest in and to the Assigned Membership Units. The Assigned Membership Units so Transferred shall include, without limitation, the following: (i) that portion of Transferor s capital account reflected on the books of the Company that is attributable to the Assigned Membership Units, (ii) Transferor s right, title and interest in and to the assets of the Company and the Profits, Losses and Distributions, if any, of the Company attributable to the Assigned Membership Units; and (iii) the right to vote as a Member of the Company as provided in the Operating Agreement with attributable to the Assigned Membership Units. 

(b) 

Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, Transferee shall be entitled to exercise all of the rights, powers and privileges, and shall be obligated to perform all of the duties and obligations, of Transferor which may presently or hereafter exist with respect to the Assigned Membership Units. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the successors, legal representatives, and assigns of Transferee and Transferor forever. 

(c) 

TRANSFEROR AND TRANSFEREE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS INCOMPLETE AND INVALID UNLESS AND UNTIL THE COMPANY S BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THIS PRIVATE UNIT TRANSFER REQUEST AND AGREEMENT. 

6. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Transferee: 

Transferee hereby acknowledges, represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Transferor and the Company as follows: 

(a) 

Transferee has reached the age of majority in the state in which Transferee resides. 

(b) 

Transferee is not relying on any information provided by the Company to the Transferee with respect to Transferee s acquisition of the Assigned Membership Units. 

16

(c) 

Transferee intends to acquire the Assigned Membership Units for his/her/its own account without a view to subsequent distribution or resale and that he/she/it has no contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement to sell or otherwise Transfer or dispose of any of the Assigned Membership Units or any portion thereof to any other person. 

(d) 

Transferee understands that the Assigned Membership Units are subject to substantial restrictions on Transfer under applicable tax and securities laws along with restrictions in the Operating Agreement and agrees that if the Assigned Membership Units or any part thereof are sold or distributed in the future, the Transferee shall sell or distribute them pursuant to the terms of the Operating Agreement, and the requirements of and Securities Act and applicable tax laws. 

(e) 

Transferee agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless for any damage, loss, cost, or liability (including legal fees and the cost of enforcing this indemnity) arising out of or resulting from the improper Transfer of Units from the Transferor to the Transferee. 

(f) 

Transferee understands that the Company will place a restrictive legend on any certificate representing any Unit containing substantially the following language as the same may be amended by the Company s Directors in its sole discretion: 

THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE MEMBERSHIP UNITS REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS RESTRICTED. SUCH UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, OR TRANSFERRED, NOR WILL ANY ASSIGNEE, VENDEE, TRANSFEREE, OR ENDORSEE THEREOF BE RECOGNIZED AS HAVING ACQUIRED ANY SUCH UNITS FOR ANY PURPOSES, UNLESS AND TO THE EXTENT SUCH SALE, TRANSFER, HYPOTHECATION, OR ASSIGNMENT IS PERMITTED BY, AND IS COMPLETED IN STRICT ACCORDANCE WITH, APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL LAW AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE OPERATING AGREEMENT. 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF EITHER AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

(g) 

Transferee understands that, to enforce the above legend, the Company may place a stop transfer order with its registrar and stock transfer agent (if any) covering all certificates representing any of the Units. 

(h) 

Under penalties of perjury, Transferee certifies that: (i) the number shown on this Private Unit Transfer Request and Agreement is the Transferee s correct taxpayer identification number (or the Transferee is waiting for a number to be issued), and (ii) the Transferee is not subject to backup withholding because: (A) he/she/it is exempt from backup withholding, or (B) he/she/it has not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that he/she/it is subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (C) the Internal Revenue Service has notified him/her/it that he/she/it is no longer subject to backup withholding. 

(i) 

Transferee has received a copy of the Operating Agreement and acknowledges that the Assigned Membership Units are subject to various restrictions on Transfer set forth in the Operating Agreement and agrees that all such restrictions shall apply to the Assigned Membership Units. 

17

(j) 

Within five days after receipt of a request from the Company, Transferee hereby agrees to provide such information and to execute and deliver such documents as may reasonably be necessary to comply with any and all provisions of the Operating Agreement and laws, regulations and ordinances to which the Company is subject. 

(k) 

The foregoing representations, warranties and agreements, together with all other representations and warranties made or given by Transferee to the Transferor and the Company in any other written statement or document delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date of the closing of the assignment of the Assigned Membership Units as if made on and as of such date and shall survive such date. 

(l) 

Transferee hereby accepts the foregoing assignment, and by signing this document expressly agrees to be bound by all of the terms, covenants, conditions and obligations imposed on or applicable to the Assigned Membership Units, agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in the Operating Agreement, and assumes and agrees to pay and perform any and all duties, obligations and liabilities which may hereafter arise with respect to the Assigned Membership Units. 

(m) 

TRANSFEREE ACKNOWLEDGES AND UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ASSIGNMENT OF THE ASSIGNED MEMBERSHIP UNITS CONTEMPLATED IN THIS PRIVATE UNIT TRANSFER REQUEST AND AGREEMENT WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE COMPANY HAS DETERMINED, IN ITS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION, THAT: (i) SUCH TRANSFER WOULD NOT (A) RESULT IN THE TERMINATION OF THE COMPANY UNDER SECTION 708 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, (B) CAUSE THE COMPANY TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION FOR TAX PURPOSES, OR (C) CAUSE THE COMPANY TO BE A PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNERSHIP UNDER THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE; (ii) THE TRANSFEREE HAS PAID THE COMPANY ANY AND ALL COSTS AND EXPENSES INCURRED BY THE COMPANY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH PRIVATE UNIT TRANSFER; AND (iii) THE TRANSFEREE HAS COMPLIED WITH ALL OTHER REQUIREMENTS NECESSARY TO CREATE AN EFFECTIVE TRANSFER OF THE ASSIGNED MEMBERSHIP UNITS. 

7. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Transferor: 

Transferor hereby acknowledges, represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Transferee and the Company as follows: 

(a) 

Transferor represents that the proposed Private Unit Transfer of the Assigned Membership Units is exempt from the applicable registration requirements of any Securities Act. 

(b) 

Transferor hereby covenants that it will, at any time, and from time to time, upon written request therefor, execute and deliver to Transferee any new or confirmatory instruments, and do and perform any and all other acts, which Transferee may reasonably request in order to fully assign, Transfer and vest the Assigned Membership Units in Transferee. 

(c) 

Transferor agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless for any damage, loss, cost, or liability (including legal fees and the cost of enforcing this indemnity) arising out of or resulting from the improper Transfer of Units from the Transferor to the Transferee. 

(d) 

Transferor understands that, to enforce the legend contained in Section 6(f) above, the Company may place a stop transfer order with its registrar and stock transfer agent (if any) covering all certificates representing any of the Units. 

18

(e) 

Under penalties of perjury, Transferor certifies that: (i) the number shown on this Private Unit Transfer Request and Agreement is the Transferor s correct taxpayer identification number (or the Transferor is waiting for a number to be issued), and (ii) the Transferor is not subject to backup withholding because: (A) he/she/it is exempt from backup withholding, or (B) he/she/it has not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that he/she/it is subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (C) the Internal Revenue Service has notified him/her/it that he/she/it is no longer subject to backup withholding. 

8. Miscellaneous: 

(a) 

Upon the satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in this Private Unit Transfer Request and Agreement and the Operating Agreement, and upon the Company s acceptance of the Transfer, the Company will issue a new certificate to Transferee representing the Assigned Membership Units, and will make a proper notation of such Transfer in the Company s records. 

(b) 

This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original instrument, but all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. 

(c) 

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Iowa, without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

19

INDIVIDUAL TRANSFEROR SIGNATURE PAGE 

Dated this ____ day of ______________, 20___. 

TRANSFEROR: 

Signature: 

Printed Name: 

INDIVIDUAL TRANSFEROR ACKNOWLEDGMENT: 

STATE OF _________ ss. 

 COUNTY OF _________ 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this ____ day of ________, by _________________________. 

Notary Public 

My Commission Expires: 

20

ENTITY TRANSFEROR SIGNATURE PAGE 

Dated this ____ day of ______________, 20___. 

TRANSFEROR: 

(Transferor name) 

By: 

Name: 

ENTITY ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

State of ____________________) 

 County of __________________) ss. 

On this _____ day of ______________, 20___ before me ___________ the undersigned officer, personally appeared ________________ known personally to me to be the ________________ of the above named __________________________ and acknowledged that he/she, as an officer being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained, by signing the name of the _____________________ by himself/herself as the _________________ of such ________________________-. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and official seal. 

Notary Public/Commissioner of Oath 

My Commission Expires 

21

INDIVIDUAL TRANSFEREE SIGNATURE PAGE 

TRANSFEREE: 

Signature: 

Printed Name: 

INDIVIDUAL TRANSFEREE ACKNOWLEDGMENT: 

STATE OF _________ ss. 

 COUNTY OF _________ 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this ____ day of _____________, by _________________________. 

Notary Public 

My Commission Expires: 

22

ENTITY TRANSFEREE SIGNATURE PAGE 

Dated this ____ day of ______________, 20___. 

TRANSFEREE: 

(Transferee name) 

By: 

Name: 

ENTITY ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

State of ____________________) 

 County of __________________) ss. 

On this _____ day of ______________, 20___ before me ___________ the undersigned officer, personally appeared ________________ known personally to me to be the ________________ of the above named __________________________ and acknowledged that he/she, as an officer being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained, by signing the name of the _____________________ by himself/herself as the _________________ of such ________________________-. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and official seal. 

Notary Public/Commissioner of Oath 

My Commission Expires 

23

Consent to the Private Unit Transfer and Assignment of Membership Units: 

THE COMPANY: 

Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC, 

			 an Iowa limited liability company 

Signature: 

Printed Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

24

MEMBER SIGNATURE PAGE 

ADDENDUM TO THE 
 FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT 
 OF SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 

The undersigned does hereby warrant, represent, covenant and agree that: (i) the undersigned, as a condition to becoming a Member in Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC, has received a copy of the Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated June 19, 2021 and, if applicable, all amendments and modifications thereto; (ii) the undersigned shall be subject to and comply with all terms and conditions of such Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement in all respects, as if the undersigned had executed said Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement on the original date thereof; and (iii) the undersigned is and shall be bound by all of the provisions of said Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement from and after the date of execution of this Addendum. 

Individuals: 

Entities: 

Name of Individual Member (Please Print) 
			 
			 Name of Entity (Please Print) 

Signature of Individual 
			 
			 Print Name and Title of Officer 

Name of Joint Individual Member (Please Print) 
			 
			 Signature of Officer 

Agreed to and Accepted on Behalf of the Company and its Members: 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 

By: 

Its: 

</EX-4.II>

<EX-4.VI>
 3
 ex_318325.htm
 EXHIBIT 4(VI)

ex_318325.htm 

Exhibit 4(vi) 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of September 30, 2021, Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC Company , we , us , or our has the following securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): Series A Membership Units (the Units ). 

Description of Units 

The following description of our Units is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated June 19, 2020 (the Operating Agreement and our Articles of Organization filed with the Iowa Secretary of State on March 28, 2005 (the Articles incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 of which this Exhibit 4(vi) is a part. We encourage you to read our Operating Agreement, Articles, and the applicable provisions of the Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company Act, Chapter 489 of the Code of Iowa (the Act ), for additional information. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4(vi) is a part. 

Authorized Units 

The Units are our only series of equity securities currently authorized under our Operating Agreement and have no par value. As of September 30, 2021, we have 8,975 Units issued and outstanding. 

The Company s Board of Directors may cause the Company to issue additional Units, from time to time, for such consideration as may be agreed to between the Board of Directors and the person(s) acquiring such Units. Additionally, the Board of Directors may from time to time create such additional and different classes of equity securities, represented by different classes of units, and issue such units to new or existing Members on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may determine. Such additional and different classes of units may have different rights, powers and preferences, which may be superior to those of existing Units. 

Voting Rights 

The Articles and the Operating Agreement provide that we are a manager-managed limited liability company within the meaning of the Act, meaning that we are managed by our elected Board of Directors, and not by our Members. Our Board of Directors is comprised of between five and seven directors (the Directors as established by the Board of Directors from time to time, and the Board is empowered to do all things required to manage our affairs, subject to any specific voting rights vested in the Members. At present, our Board of Directors is composed of five Directors. 

Members holding our Units have the right to elect the Directors; provided, however , that the terms of the directorships are staggered into four classes based on their term of office, with the number of Directors in each such class to be determined by the Directors, but with each class to be as nearly equal in number as possible. Each Director is elected to serve a term of four years. Staggering the terms of the Directors means that Members can only change control of us by replacing a majority of the Directors then in office, which would take two to three years depending on the size of the Board of Directors then established and the number of Directors in the classes soonest up for reelection. 

Exhibit 4(vi) 

Members holding our Units elect the Directors by majority vote. Additionally, (i) all Members holding Units must approve, by unanimous vote, any Board decision to (A) cause or permit us to engage in an activity which is inconsistent with our purposes, (B) engage in an activity which would act in contravention of the Operating Agreement or make it impossible to carry on our business, or (C) possess our property or assign our property for other than our purposes; and (ii) 66 2/3 of all Members holding Units must approve: (W) the merger, consolidation, sale or disposal of all or substantially all of our property, (X) our election to be treated as a corporation for tax purposes, (Y) our acquisition of securities from, or lending money to, a Director, Member, or any of their Affiliates, or (Z) our dissolution. Each Unit entitles the Member holding it to one vote on any matter. 

Modifications or Alterations to the Rights of Members 

The Company s Operating Agreement may only be amended by amendments proposed by the Directors. Following any such proposal, the Directors shall submit to the Members a verbatim statement of any proposed amendment, and the Directors shall include therewith a recommendation as to the proposed amendment. A proposed amendment shall be adopted only if approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Membership Voting Interests (as defined in the Operating Agreement) represented at a meeting of the Members at which a quorum of the Members is present. At present the Units are the only Membership Voting Interests in the Company. If the Company were to issue additional classes of membership interest, however, and such interest had the characteristics of Membership Voting Interests under the Company s Operating Agreement, then the rights of the Members holding out Units could be modified otherwise than by a vote of a majority or more of such Units, voting as a class, unless an amendment requiring such authorization were added to the Operating Agreement in connection with the creation of such additional class of membership interest. 

Dividend Rights 

Under the terms of our Operating Agreement, Members holding Units may receive distributions when and as determined by our Board, and allocations of our profits and losses are made based upon each Member s proportionate ownership of our Units. 

Liquidation Rights 

Members holding Units will share, upon liquidation and to the extent available for distribution, in distributions of cash and other assets to the holders of Units in accordance with the positive balance in their capital accounts, after giving effect to all distributions and allocations for all periods. 

Other Rights, Preferences, and Restrictions 

Our Units have no redemption provisions, conversion or exchange rights. There is no active trading market for our Units. To maintain our partnership tax status, our units may not be publicly traded and our Board of Directors will not approve transfer requests which would cause the Company to be characterized as a publicly traded partnership under the regulations adopted under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Within applicable tax regulations, we use a qualified matching service QMS to provide a limited market for out Units to our Members, but we have not and will not apply for listing of the Units on any stock exchange. As a result, while a limited market for our Units may develop through the QMS, Members may not sell Units readily, and use of the QMS is subject to a variety of conditions and limitations. The transfer of our Units is also restricted by our Operating Agreement unless the Board of Directors approves such a transfer. Finally, Exhibit 4(v) to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 of which this Exhibit 4(vi) is a part contains the Company s Unit Transfer Policy which contains key requirements for any transfer of Units to be approved by the Board of Directors. 

Exhibit 4(vi) 

Fully Paid and Nonassessable 

All of the outstanding Units are fully paid and nonassessable. 

Listing 

Out Units are not listed on any national securities exchange. See the caption Other Rights, Preferences, and Restrictions above for more information regarding restrictions on the alienability and liquidity of our Units. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions in our Articles and Operating Agreement 

Certain provisions contained in our Articles and Operating Agreement may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect or may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a Member holding Units might consider in such Member's best interests, including those attempts that might result in a premium being paid over the market price for the Units held by such Member. 

Size of Board : The size of the Board of Directors is determined by the Board of Directors, provided that the number of directors must be at least five persons and no more than seven persons. Our Board of Directors is also staggered in term. For more information on these staggered terms, see the caption Voting Rights above. 

Director Vacancies : Vacancies on the Board of Directors, including vacancies resulting from an enlargement of the Board of Directors, are filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office, even if less than a quorum remains on the Board. A Director elected to fill a vacancy is elected for the unexpired term of such Director s predecessor in office. 

Meetings : Meetings of Members can only be called by the Board of Directors. 

Advance Notice Requirements : Our Operating Agreement contains provisions requiring advance notice be delivered to the Company of any business to be brought by a Member before an annual meeting and providing for procedures to be followed by Members in nominating persons for election to the Board of Directors. Members at an annual meeting can only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or by a Member of record on the record date for the meeting, entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to the Company of the Member s intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions may have the effect of delaying until the next Member meeting certain actions that are otherwise favored by the holders of a majority of our Units. 

Issuance of New or Additional Class of Equity : The Board of Directors may by resolution establish one or more new or additional series of equity securities, represented by units, having such number of units, designation, relative voting rights, distribution rates, liquidation or other rights, preferences and limitations as may be fixed by the Board of Directors without any further Member approval. Such rights, preferences, privileges and limitations may have the effect of impeding or discouraging the acquisition or control of the Company. 

</EX-4.VI>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_286433.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_286433.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13(A)-14(A) 

 (SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION) 

I, Michael D. Jerke, certify that: 

1. 
			 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC; 

2. 
			 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
			 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
			 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-(f) for the registrant, and have: 

(a) 
			 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
			 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
			 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
			 Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
			 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
			 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
			 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: 
			 
			 December 23, 2021 

/s/ Michael D. Jerke 

Michael D. Jerke, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_286434.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_286434.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13(A)-14(A) 

 (SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION) 

I, Ann M. Reis, certify that: 

1. 
			 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC; 

2. 
			 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
			 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
			 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-(f) for the registrant, and have: 

(a) 
			 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
			 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
			 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
			 Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
			 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
			 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
			 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: 
			 
			 December 23, 2021 

/s/ Ann M. Reis 

Ann M. Reis, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_286435.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_286435.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael D. Jerke, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
			 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
			 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
			 December 23, 2021 

/s/ Michael D. Jerke 

Michael D. Jerke, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex_286436.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_286436.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ann M. Reis, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
			 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
			 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
			 December 23, 2021 

/s/ Ann M. Reis 

Ann M. Reis, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 sire-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sire-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sire-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sire-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sire-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

