<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211018_10-K_edgar_data_1713863_0001213900-21-053306.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7570770</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>416009</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1373518</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1877999</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1913344</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1793989</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-053306.hdr.sgml : 20211018
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211018170458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-053306
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211018
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211018

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rafael Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001713863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				822296593
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38411
		FILM NUMBER:		211328825

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-658-1450

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-053306.txt : 20211018

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_rafaelhold.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for
the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

Transition
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
of principal executive offices, zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price on January
29, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the Class B common stock
of 23.48 per share, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately 330.2 million. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of October 11, 2021 was: 

Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share: shares Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share: shares 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The
definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held January 19, 2022, is incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent described therein. 

Index 

RAFAEL
HOLDINGS, INC. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

Forward-Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results 
 ii 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 20 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 59 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 59 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 59 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 59 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 60 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 60 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 60 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 
 67 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 67 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 68 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 68 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 68 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 68 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 69 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 70 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 70 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 70 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 70 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 71 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 72 

Signatures 
 73 

i 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements
that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, plans, intends 
and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the
forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are not
limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements are
made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons
why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information
set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

Our business, operating results or financial
condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated with any one of our businesses, as well as the
other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. Note
that references to our , us , we , the Company , etc. used in each risk factor below
refers to the business about which such risk factor is provided. 

Our business is subject to numerous risks as described in this section.
Some of these risks include: 

We depend heavily on the future success of Rafael Pharmaceuticals lead product candidate (CPI-613 (devimistat)). Clinical trials of the product candidate may not be successful. If Rafael Pharmaceuticals is unable to gain regulatory approval or commercialize its product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

We are dependent upon third parties for a variety of functions. These arrangements may not provide us with the benefits we expect. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies may expend their limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of results of future clinical trials. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies face substantial competition, and if their competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly than the Pharmaceutical Companies do or that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the product candidates the Pharmaceutical Companies develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 

We rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cyber security incidents, could harm our ability to operate our and the Pharmaceutical Companies businesses effectively. 

Economic, regulatory, and socio-economic changes that impact the real estate market generally, or that could affect patterns of use of commercial office space, may cause our operating results to suffer and decrease the value of our real estate properties. 

Eight trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters of Howard S. Jonas, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, hold shares that, in the aggregate, represent more than a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which may limit the ability of other stockholders to affect our management. 

If we are unable to adequately protect our
proprietary technology and product candidates, if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, or if the terms
of our patents are insufficient to protect our product candidates for an adequate amount of time, our competitors could develop and commercialize
technology and products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates may be materially
impaired. 

We hold a Warrant to purchase a significant stake in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, as well as other equity and governance rights in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, which we can t exercise, in full, at this time and may never be able to exercise. 

The relationships between Howard S. Jonas and IDT Corporation, Genie Energy and Rafael Pharmaceuticals, Inc. could conflict with our stockholders interests. 

Public health threats could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations and financial results . 

ii 

Part
I 

As
used in this Annual Report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, Rafael Holdings, 
 we, us, and our refer to Rafael Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries,
collectively. Each reference to a fiscal year in this Annual Report refers to the fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for
example, fiscal 2021 refers to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021). 

Item
1. Business. 

OVERVIEW 

Rafael
Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:RFL), Rafael Holdings , we or the Company ), a Delaware corporation, holds
interests in clinical and early stage pharmaceutical companies, including an investment in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Rafael Pharmaceuticals,
a late-stage cancer metabolism-based therapeutics company, its preclinical cancer metabolism research institute, the Barer Institute Barer ), and commercial real estate assets. The Company focuses its efforts on funding, discovering and developing novel
cancer therapies through its continued investment in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, the creation of the Barer Institute in 2019 and continued
investments in advancing its preclinical portfolio as well as investments in other early-stage oncology companies with a goal of building
a focused cancer metabolism therapeutics company with the potential to improve and extend the lives of patients. On June 17, 2021, the
Company entered into a merger agreement to acquire full ownership of Rafael Pharmaceuticals in exchange for issuing Company Class B common
stock to the other stockholders of Rafael Pharmaceuticals. We expect to bring the merger to a vote of our stockholders this calendar
year. 

The
Company s investment in Rafael Pharmaceuticals includes preferred and common equity interests and a warrant to purchase additional
equity. In 2019, the Company established Barer, as an early-stage small molecule research institute focused on developing a pipeline
of novel therapeutic compounds, including compounds to regulate cancer metabolism with potentially broader application in other indications
beyond cancer. Barer is led by a team of scientists and academic advisors considered to be among the leading experts in cancer metabolism,
chemistry, and drug development. In addition to its own internal discovery efforts, Barer is pursuing collaborative research agreements
and in-licensing opportunities with leading scientists from top academic institutions. Farber Partners, LLC Farber ), was
formed around one such agreement with Princeton University s Office of Technology Licensing for technology from the laboratory
of Professor Joshua Rabinowitz, in the Department of Chemistry, Princeton University, for an exclusive worldwide license to its SHMT
(serine hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor program. The Company also holds a majority equity interest in LipoMedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. LipoMedix ), a clinical stage oncological pharmaceutical company based in Israel. In addition, the Company has recently
initiated efforts to develop other early stage pharmaceutical ventures including Levco Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Levco ), an
Israeli company, established to partner with Dr. Alberto Gabizon and a leading institution in Israel on the development of novel compounds
for cancer. 

The
Company s commercial real estate holdings consist of a building at 520 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey that serves as headquarters
for the Company and certain other affiliate entities and tenants and an associated 800-car public garage, and a portion of a building
in Israel. The Company sold other real estate holdings in 2020. 

Financial
information by segment is presented in Note 15 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Our
headquarters are located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102. The main telephone number at our headquarters is (212) 658-1450
and our corporate web site s home page is www.rafaelholdings.com. 

We
make available free of charge our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to these reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more
than 10 of our equity through the investor relations page of our web site (https://rafaeholdings.com/irpass.com) as soon as reasonably
practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our web site also contains information
not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

1 

RECENT
DEVELOPMENTS 

On
September 24, 2021, we entered into a Line of Credit Loan Agreement Line of Credit Agreement with Rafael Pharmaceuticals,
which provided for loan commitments in the amount of 25 million. The funds loaned under the Line of Credit Agreement are to be used
by Rafael Pharmaceuticals in accordance with the budget that has been approved by us. Of the aggregate amount, 1.9 million was advanced
on September 24, 2021 and the remaining amount was funded on October 1, 2021. 

In
August 2021, the Company consummated a private offering with gross proceeds of approximately 105 million. The Company sold (i) an aggregate
of 2,833,425 shares of its Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Class B Common Stock ), to institutional
investors, at a purchase price of 35.00 per share and (ii) an aggregate of 112,561 shares of Class B Common Stock to an affiliate of
Howard S. Jonas, our chairman of the board, at a purchase price of 44.42 per share. 

In
June 2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with RH Merger I, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings, RH Merger II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings
and Rafael Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation Pharma ), whereby Pharma will become our wholly-owned limited liability
subsidiary. 

In
October 2020, Rafael Pharmaceuticals announced two milestones in its clinical trial programs for CPI-613 (devimistat)
including completing target enrollment of 500 patients in its pivotal phase 3 clinical trial in metastatic pancreatic cancer ahead of
schedule in August 2020 and in October 2020 crossing enrollment of its hundredth patient in its pivotal phase 3 study for relapsed or
refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia study. 

On
August 28, 2020, we sold a 3-story, 65,253 square foot office building located at 225 Old New Brunswick Road in Piscataway, New Jersey
for 3,875,000. 

BUSINESS
DESCRIPTION 

We
own and operate assets in two separate lines of business: pharmaceuticals and commercial real estate. 

Pharmaceuticals 

Overview 

We
have an investment in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, a late-stage cancer metabolism-based therapeutics company. In 2019, the Company established
Barer as a wholly-owned early-stage small molecule research institute focused on developing a pipeline of novel therapeutic compounds,
including compounds to regulate cancer metabolism with potentially broader application in other indications beyond cancer. The venture
is comprised of scientists and academic advisors considered to be among the leading experts in cancer metabolism, chemistry, and drug
development. In addition to its own internal discovery efforts, the Barer is pursuing collaborative research agreements and in-licensing
opportunities with leading scientists from top academic institutions. Farber was formed around one such agreement with Princeton University s
Office of Technology Licensing for technology from the laboratory of Professor Joshua Rabinowitz, in the Department of Chemistry, Princeton
University, for an exclusive worldwide license to its SHMT (serine hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor program. The Company also holds
a majority equity interest in LipoMedix, a clinical stage oncological pharmaceutical company based in Israel. In addition, the Company
has recently initiated efforts to develop other early-stage pharmaceutical ventures including Levco, an Israeli company, established
to partner with Dr. Alberto Gabizon and a top institution in Israel on the development of novel compounds for cancer. In 2021, the Company
established Rafael Medical Devices, LLC Rafael Medical Devices ), a wholly-owned orthopedic device company developing instruments
and implants to advance minimally invasive surgeries in the upper and lower extremities. 

Rafael
Pharmaceuticals 

We
own our interest in Rafael Pharmaceuticals through a 90 -owned non-operating subsidiary, Pharma Holdings, LLC Pharma Holdings ).
Pharma Holdings owns 50 of CS Pharma Holdings, LLC CS Pharma ), a non-operating entity that owns equity interests in Rafael
Pharmaceuticals, and 44.0 million shares of Rafael Pharmaceuticals Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, 979,617 common shares and a
warrant to increase ownership to up to 56 of the fully diluted equity interests in Rafael Pharmaceuticals (the Warrant ).
The Warrant is exercisable at the lower of 70 of the price sold in an equity financing, or 1.25 per share, subject to certain adjustments,
and will expire upon the earlier of (i) upon the occurrence of the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), or
(ii) if the Effective Time does not occur, the date that is calculated by adding (A) the number of calendar days the Merger Agreement
has been in effect prior to its termination in accordance with its terms, to (B) August 15, 2021. Accordingly, the Company holds an effective
90 interest in the Rafael Pharmaceuticals interests held by Pharma Holdings directly, and an effective 45 indirect interest in the
assets held by CS Pharma. 

2 

Science
and Preclinical: 

CPI-613 
 (devimistat) is a stable analog of normally transient, acylated catalytic intermediates of lipoate. The CPI-613 intermediates disrupt
mitochondrial function and thereby decrease the TCA cycle function; thus, CPI-613 (devimistat) misinforms these tumor
systems, triggering mitochondrial stress and turning off the cancer cell TCA cycle. CPI-613 broadly
affects tumor metabolism, including disrupting mitochondria and potentially intercalating in cancer cell membranes. The metabolic
and mitochondrial stress trigger apoptotic and necrotic cell death pathways in tumor cells (Zachar et al., J Mol Med, 2011, 89 :1137-48;
Stuart et al., Cancer Metab. 2014, 2 , 4: reviewed in Bingham et al., Expert Rev Clin Pharmacol. 2014, 7 :837-46 and Hammoudi
et al., Chin J Cancer. 2011, ; 30 :508-25). Thereby CPI-613 is believed to have anti-cancer activity. Combining
CPI-613 with generalized metabolic stressors like chemotherapy can result in effective killing of even the most intractable
tumors like pancreatic cancer. These effects are observed in Rafael s Pharmaceuticals Phase 1/2 trials to date (Alistar,
et al., 2017; Pardee et al., 2018). CPI-613 has been found to be selectively accumulated in tumors in animal studies. CPI-613 is a lipoic
acid analog with a fatty acid tail that may be able to utilize fatty acid transporters. Cancer cells have been shown to up-regulate fatty
acid metabolism to support tumorigenesis. Rafael Pharmaceuticals continues to study devimistat and its mechanism of action. 

There
are potential advantages of CPI-613 (devimistat) over alternative anti-metabolism and anti-cancer drugs. It is believed
to be selectively taken up by cancer cells. Therefore, CPI-613 (devimistat) is expected to be minimally toxic to healthy
cells (i.e., safe, and well tolerated), potentially allowing extended treatment courses. Moreover, its toxicity profile allows CPI-613 
 (devimistat) to be used in combination with other drugs and in older patients. These combination regimens include established standards
of care for major malignancies, allowing potential treatment of surgically unresectable cancers. Additionally, this toxicity profile
supports the administration of cocktails of anti-cancer drugs that may work synergistically with CPI-613 . Thus, CPI-613 
 (devimistat) is being investigated for broad spectrum activity, and the potential to treat diverse tumor types, including difficult-to-treat
cancers, high risk cancers, solid tumors as well as hematologic malignancies and advanced stage cancers by targeting cancer metabolism. 

Several
pre-clinical pharmacology and toxicology studies (including good laboratory practice toxicology (GLP Tox) studies) were conducted to
investigate the pharmacokinetics (PK), drug metabolism, safety, and anticancer activity of CPI-613 (devimistat). In vitro
and ex vivo studies, CPI-613 (devimistat) exhibited anticancer activities against a tumor cell lines and cells. CPI-613 
 (devimistat) was taken up less in non-malignant cells. In vivo animal models bearing diverse tumor types were used to evaluate
dose response, PK, and metabolism of CPI-613 (devimistat). The drug was well tolerated in animal models studied. Prolonged
survival was observed when compared to untreated controls. GLP toxicology studies showed that any adverse events related to CPI-613 
 (devimistat) were considered transient and mostly observed during acute dosing; animals returned to normal post-dose (i.e., toxicities
were reversable or recoverable). Toxicokinetic (TK) exposures of C max (peak concentration) and area under curve (AUC) of CPI-613 
 (devimistat) from GLP Tox studies in rats and minipigs have shown safety margins expected to cover PK exposures of C max 
and AUC of CPI-613 (devimistat) in AML and pancreatic cancer patients at doses studied. 

Clinical
Highlights: 

More
than 750 patients have been dosed with CPI-613 (devimistat) to date in 21 ongoing or completed clinical trials. 

Currently
seven clinical trials are ongoing, one of which has completed enrolling patients while the remaining six trials are continuing to enroll
patients as of the date of this report. 

3 

Pancreatic
Cancer: CPI-613 (devimistat) in Combination with Modified FOLFIRINOX in First-Line Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer . 

Twenty
patients were enrolled in a Phase 1 study. The MTD of CPI-613 (devimistat) was 500 mg/m . The median number of treatment
cycles given at the maximum tolerated dose was 11. Two patients were enrolled at a higher dose of 1,000 mg/m 2 , and both had
a dose-limiting toxicity. No deaths due to adverse events were reported. For the 18 patients given the maximum tolerated dose, the most
common grade 3 4 non-hematological adverse events were hyperglycaemia, hypokalaemia, peripheral sensory neuropathy, diarrhea, and
abdominal pain. The most common grade 3 4 hematological adverse events were neutropenia, lymphopenia, anaemia, and thrombocytopenia.
Sensory neuropathy (all grade 1 3) was recorded in 17 out of the 18 patients and was managed with dose de-escalation or discontinuation
of oxaliplatin per standard of care. Of the 18 patients given the maximum tolerated dose, 11 (61 patients achieved an objective response
(complete or partial). Patients exhibited a median overall survival (OS) of 19.9 months and median progression-free survival (PFS) of
9.9 months. The interim result of this study was published in Lancet Oncology (Alistar et al., Lancet Oncol. 2017 Jun;18(6):770-778.).
In a Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the FOLFIRINOX regimen in metastatic pancreatic cancer patients, an objective response rate (ORR)
of 31.6 , median OS of 11.1 months and median PFS of 6.4 months (Conroy et al., N Engl J Med 2011;364:1817-25.) was reported. 

Based
on the clinical experience of this trial in pancreatic cancer, Rafael Pharmaceuticals initiated a Phase 3 pivotal trial (AVENGER 500 of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with modified FOLFIRINOX as first-line treatment for patients with metastatic
pancreatic cancer in December 2018. This trial compares the efficacy and safety of FOLFIRINOX (FFX, control arm) with CPI-613 
 (devimistat) in combination with modified FOLFIRINOX (CPI-613 + mFFX, test arm). Patients 18-75 years old of both
sexes with metastatic (stage IV) pancreatic adenocarcinoma, not previously treated for metastatic disease and with ECOG performance status
of 0 1 are eligible for enrollment in this study. This trial completed enrollment of 528 patients ahead of schedule in August
2020. Top line results are expected to be available this calendar year. 

Acute
Myeloid Leukemia (AML): CPI-613 (devimistat) in Combination with High Dose Cytarabine and Mitoxantrone in Patients with
Relapsed or Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML). 

Two
trials were conducted to investigate the safety and efficacy of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with high dose cytarabine
and mitoxantrone in patients with relapsed or refractory AML. The result of the Phase 1 study was published in Clinical Cancer Research
(Pardee et al., Clin Cancer Res. 2018 May 1;24(9):2060-2073). Overall, the treatment was well tolerated. Pooled dataset of both Phase
1 and Phase 2 trials in elderly patients 50 years) with relapsed or refractory AML demonstrated 52 CR + CRi and median OS of 10.4
months. In contrast, a clinical trial evaluating high dose cytarabine, mitoxantrone and L-asparaginase in relapsed or refractory AML
in elderly patients 60 years) demonstrated 33 CR + CRi and median OS of only 5.2 months (Ahmed et al., Leuk Res. 2015 September;
39(9): 945 949.). 

Based
on the clinical experience in these trials in AML, Rafael Pharmaceuticals initiated a Phase 3 pivotal trial (ARMADA 2000) of CPI-613 
 (devimistat) in patients with relapsed or refractory AML in November 2018. This study is designed to compare the efficacy and safety
of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with high dose cytarabine and mitoxantrone (CHAM) with high dose cytarabine and
mitoxantrone (HAM, control arm). The study was later amended to allow additional control arm standard of care treatments, including:
combination of mitoxantrone, etoposide and cytarabine (MEC) and combination of fludarabine, cytarabine, and filgrastim (FLAG). Patients
 50 years with relapsed or refractory AML and an ECOG performance status of 0 to 2 are eligible for this study. In July 2021, Rafael
Pharmaceuticals reported a positive outcome from its preplanned interim futility analysis in this trial. Based on 142 intent-to-treat
(ITT) patient data, the independent data monitoring committee (IDMC) declared that the trial is non-futile and recommended that the trial
continue as is. A planned interim futility analysis is expected this calendar year. 

Other
Ongoing Clinical Trials: 

A
 Phase 2 study of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with modified FOLFIRINOX
 in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer 

A
 Phase 1 study of CPI-613 (devimistat) in Combination with Gemcitabine and
 Nab-paclitaxel in First Line Locally Advanced or Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer 

4 

A
Phase 2 study of CPI-613 (devimistat) in patients with relapsed or refractory Burkitt lymphoma/leukemia or high-grade
B-cell lymphoma with rearrangements of MYC and BCL2 and/or BCL6 

A
 multi-center randomized Phase 1b/2 study of gemcitabine and cisplatin with or without CPI-613 
 (devimistat) as first line therapy for patients with advanced unresectable biliary
 tract cancer 

A
 Phase 1/2 study of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with hydroxychloroquine
 in patients with relapsed or refractory clear cell sarcoma of soft tissue 

Planned
Clinical Trials: 

A
 Phase 1 study of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with FOLFOXIRI plus
 bevacizumab in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer 

A
 Phase 2 randomized, multicenter trial of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination
 with bendamustine, compared to bendamustine monotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory
 peripheral t-cell lymphoma (PTCL) 

A
 Phase 1/2 study of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with hydroxychloroquine
 in patients with relapsed or refractory myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) 

Barer 

The
Barer Institute is an early-stage small molecule research institute formed in 2019 to focus on developing a pipeline of novel therapeutic
compounds, including compounds to regulate cancer metabolism and potentially other indications appropriate for the assets under development. 

Barer
has assembled a world renowned scientific and medical advisory team that is helping it discover and develop novel therapeutics designed
to target metabolic pathways while inhibiting pro-cancer immune guardians such as MDSC, Tregs and M2 macrophages that protect the tumor
and stimulate or preserve CD8, CTL, NK and M1 macrophages to harness the anti-cancer immune system to kill the tumor. Barer s pipeline
programs focus on areas of cancer metabolism that have shown high clinical activity and are based on Barer s leadership position
in understanding cancer and immune metabolism. Barer has multiple early stage programs targeting nucleotide and folate metabolism. 

Nucleotide
and folate metabolism are proven anticancer targets, underlying medicines including 5FU, methotrexate, and pemetrexed. Barer is using
deep knowledge of metabolism and rigorous science to develop next generation nucleotide inhibitors by pursuing yet unanswered provocative
questions. Barer is also targeting alternative nutrient acquisition strategies the cancer cells use under stress, like autophagy. In
short, Barer is pursuing targets where clinical data shows novel metabolic intervention opportunities. 

Barer
focuses on nucleotide metabolism with a richer understanding of how to energize anti-tumor immunity and diminish cancer cell viability.
Barer s SHMT Inhibitor program is based on hitting one of the most altered metabolic enzymes in human cancer. Preclinical data
shows single agent activity in T acute leukemia and synergy with methotrexate. Barer is working towards an IND filing in late 2022/early
2023. Barer also has a complementary folate metabolic engineering program to drive anti-tumor immunity. A focus on untapped nucleotide
salvage pathways provides additional proprietary pipeline cancer targets, which are distinctive to the Company. 

Dual-SHMT
inhibitor 

Targeting
T-ALL, and other tumor types 

Orally
available lead, Phase 1 planned for late 2022/early 2023 

One
Carbon Immune Enhancer (OCIE) 

Animal
testing 

Combine
with PD-1 

5 

TK1
inhibitor 

Lead
generation stage programs addressing novel targets 

In
addition to its own internal discovery efforts, Barer is pursuing collaborative research agreements and in-licensing opportunities with
leading scientists from top academic institutions. Farber Partners, LLC Farber ), was formed around one such agreement
with Princeton University s Office of Technology Licensing for technology from the laboratory of Professor Joshua Rabinowitz, in
the Department of Chemistry, Princeton University, for an exclusive worldwide license to its SHMT (serine hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor
program. 

LipoMedix 

LipoMedix
is a clinical stage Israeli company focused on the development of an innovative, safe, and effective cancer therapy based on liposome
delivery. As of July 31, 2021, the Company s ownership interest in LipoMedix was 68 . 

Science
and Preclinical: 

LipoMedix
was established to advance the pharmaceutical and clinical development of a patented prodrug of mitomycin-C and its efficient delivery
in liposomes to cancer-affected target organs. This formulation, known as Promitil Pegylated Liposomal Mitomycin-C
Lipidic Prodrug (PL-MLP) overcomes the toxicity associated with the clinical use of mitomycin-C and turns it into a targeted,
anticancer prodrug that could potentially become the therapy of choice in a variety of cancers. The inventor and scientific founder,
of LipoMedix is Alberto Gabizon, M.D., Ph.D., of the Hebrew University Shaare Zedek Medical Center, Israel. He is the co-inventor
and co-developer of Doxil (pegylated liposomal doxorubicin), a successful and widely-used anticancer product based on
a similar drug development strategy. Prof. Gabizon is one of the few scientists intimately familiar with the successful development and
commercialization process of liposomal drugs. 

Promitil 
 is an innovative nanomedicine designed for controlled delivery of a chemotherapeutic agent in a proprietary prodrug form. LipoMedix
believes it may have advantages in single or combination therapy over conventional anticancer agents that have serious adverse side effects,
and limited efficacy with resistance to treatment. Promitil is based on this breakthrough technology and could potentially
help cancer patients receive safer therapy with a more potent antitumor effect. 

In
preclinical trials, Promitil inhibited a range of cancer types in animal models (pancreatic, colorectal, stomach, breast,
ovarian, melanoma, bladder), including multidrug (MDR-1)-resistant tumors, and potentiated the activity of radiotherapy and various co-administered
cancer drugs. The API (MLP), a prodrug of mitomycin C, is carried by a pegylated liposomal delivery system that confers an extended circulation
time in vivo and enhanced delivery to tumors. The API is stable in plasma but activated to mitomycin-C by reductive cleavage in some
tissues and in tumors where abundant reductive systems are present. In preclinical trials, Promitil was more efficacious
and less toxic than mitomycin-C by a 3-fold factor. Preclinical indications of the efficacy of Promitil in combination
with radiation was observed in in vivo mouse models of colon cancer. Promitil improved antitumor efficacy of radiotherapy
in mouse models of colorectal cancer, while equitoxic doses of mitomycin C did not. Promitil is a l radio-sensitizer
that, in combination with radiotherapy, may result in improvements in the treatment of locally advanced cancers. Use of a liposomal delivery
system in a chemo-radiotherapy combination is a novel approach, not yet explored in cancer treatment. 

Clinical:

LipoMedix
has completed 3 clinical studies of Promitil including: 

1. Phase
 1A, a dose escalation study of Promitil in patients with advanced cancers. (Golan et al.,
 Pegylated liposomal mitomycin C prodrug enhances tolerance of mitomycin C: a Phase
 1 study in advanced solid tumor patients. Cancer Medicine , 4:1472 1483,
 2015). 

6 

2. Phase
 IB in advanced colorectal cancer patients with Promitil as single agent and in combination
 with capecitabine and/or bevacizumab. (Gabizon et al, Pharmacokinetics of mitomycin-c
 lipidic prodrug entrapped in liposomes and clinical correlations in metastatic colorectal
 cancer patients Investigational New Drugs , 38(5):1411-1420, 2020). 

3. Phase
 1B of Promitil-based chemo-radiotherapy in patients with advanced cancers. These study results
 are not yet published. 

A
total of 149 patients have been treated with Promitil as a single agent or in combination with other anticancer drugs
or radiotherapy under the framework of Phase 1A, Phase IB clinical studies and named-patient approval for compassionate use. Promitil 
 is given by intravenous infusion once every 3 or 4 weeks and is well-tolerated. Except for mild myelosuppression, Promitil 
 does not appear to cause other toxicities such as skin irritation, mouth ulcers, neuropathic pain, diarrhea, or hair loss. It is
a robust product with a shelf life under refrigerated storage of several years (Gabizon et al., Development of Promitil ,
a lipidic prodrug of mitomycin c in pegylated liposomes: From bench to bedside. Advanced Drug Delivery Reviews , 154-155:13-26,
2020). 

Promitil -based
pipeline products: 

In
addition to Promitil , LipoMedix has developed other Promitil -based products with potentially important
applications: 

Folate-targeted
 Promitil (Promi-Fol), aimed at local treatment (intravesical) of superficial
 bladder cancer. Decorating Promitil with folate ligands exploits the frequent
 overexpression of folate receptors in urothelial cancers for selective and enhanced delivery
 of Promitil to cancer cells. Promi-Fol could be a safe and effective therapeutic
 alternative to widely used instillation of mitomycin-c for local treatment of the growing
 elderly patient population with superficial bladder cancer (Patil Y, et al.: Targeting
 of pegylated liposomal mitomycin-C prodrug to the folate receptor of cancer cells: Intracellular
 activation and enhanced cytotoxicity. Journal of Controlled Release , 225:87-95,
 2016). 

Promi-Dox,
 a highly potent dual drug liposome with MLP and doxorubicin for a basket of tumors (Gabizon
 et al., Liposome co-encapsulation of anti-cancer agents for pharmacological optimization
 of nanomedicine-based combination chemotherapy. Cancer Drug Resistance, 4:463-484,
 2021). There are several possible cancer settings with substantial patient numbers and significant
 unmet need where Promi-Dox could be utilized. This formulation requires further product development.
 A patent application to cover Promi-Dox has been submitted and recently granted in the US. 

Levco 

Levco
Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Levco), established in September 2020, is an Israel-based company located in Jerusalem and led by Dr. Alberto Gabizon.
Levco is in the process of developing a novel liposomal dual drug product for the treatment of cancer, with an initial focus on the treatment
of soft tissue sarcomas (STS). 

Levco s
pipeline is based on combining advanced liposome technology, including pegylated stealth liposomes, together with co-encapsulation
of two active pharmaceutical ingredients (API s) using passive and gradient generated remote loading. The primary product in development
is LVC-2020, referred also as PLAD: Pegylated Liposomal Alendronate of Doxorubicin, a liposome product co-encapsulating an aminobisphosphonate
(Alendronate) and an anthracycline (Doxorubicin), under a patented technology licensed from Shaare Zedek Scientific Co. and Yissum Hebrew
University Co. 

Levco
has completed scaled-up pre-GMP batch production by external CRO and initial safety studies. 

The
Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) Application for PLAD for the treatment of Soft Tissue Sarcoma (STS) disease was submitted to the United
States Food and Drug Administration FDA in August 2021. 

7 

OUR
STRATEGY 

Our
goal is to build a fully integrated focused cancer metabolism therapeutics company to improve and extend the lives of patients. We seek
to accomplish that goal through funding, discovering and developing novel cancer therapies through our continued investment in, and planned
merger with, Rafael Pharmaceuticals, through our continued investment in the Barer Institute and our other investments in other early-stage
oncology companies as well as other investments we will seek to make in the future. 

We
plan to continue to invest in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, the Barer Institute and LipoMedix, as approved by our Board and deemed strategic,
and based on the progress and results of clinical trials and other operational developments for these companies to execute on their plans
and continue clinical trials as warranted by results and developments. We also expect to continue to seek other opportunities to invest
in additional pharmaceutical or biotechnology assets. 

The
proposed merger with Rafael Pharmaceuticals is central to our goal of becoming a fully integrated focused cancer metabolism therapeutics
company. 

The
mission of Rafael Pharmaceuticals is to develop innovative, highly selective, well tolerated and highly effective small molecule anticancer
agents by selectively targeting cancer metabolism broadly. 

Rafael
Pharmaceutical s goal is to extend and enhance the lives of patients with hard-to-treat cancers with significant unmet need in
selected solid tumors and hematological malignancies. 

Consistent
with the above criteria, Rafael Pharmaceuticals would seek to continue the efforts of the currently ongoing clinical trials for CPI-613 
(devimistat) and to pursue trials for other indications. 

Our
establishment of Barer is a key part of these goals to develop a pipeline of therapeutic compounds, including compounds to regulate cancer
metabolism and potentially other indications appropriate for the assets under development. Barer is pursuing collaborative research agreements
with scientists from top academic institutions to complement its early-stage pharmaceutical programs in pre-clinical development. We
intend to continue to invest in Barer s preclinical development and move toward clinical stage programs as results warrant. 

At
LipoMedix, our goals are to secure reliable manufacturing of Promitil to allow progress on clinical trials, including
in combination with radiotherapy and concurrent chemoradiation therapy, as well as continuing research and development, toxicity, and
product development of LipoMedix s pipeline. 

At
Levco, we are currently evaluating our next steps. 

REGULATION 

Review
And Approval Of Drugs In The United States 

In
the United States, the FDA approves and regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and implements regulations.
The failure to comply with requirements under the FDCA and other applicable laws at any time during the product development process,
approval process or after approval may subject an applicant and/or sponsor to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, including
refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters
and other types of letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions,
fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal investigations and penalties brought
by the FDA and the Department of Justice or other governmental entities. 

Each of Rafael Pharmaceuticals , LipoMedix s,
Barer, Levco and Farber Partners (collectively referred to as the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates must be approved
by the FDA through a New Drug Application, or NDA. An applicant seeking approval to market and distribute a new drug product in the United
States must typically undertake the following: 

completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with
 the FDA s good laboratory practice, or GLP, regulations; 

8 

submission
 to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug, or IND, application, which must take effect before
 human clinical trials may begin; 

approval
 by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before
 each clinical trial may be initiated; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practices,
 or GCP, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each indication; 

preparation
 and submission to the FDA of an NDA requesting marketing for one or more proposed indications; 

review
 by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate or if applicable; 

satisfactory
 completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at
 which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with current
 Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods
 and controls are adequate to preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and
 purity; 

satisfactory
 completion of FDA audits of clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs and the integrity
 of the clinical data; 

payment
 of user fees and securing FDA approval of the NDA; and 

compliance
 with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk
 Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval
 studies. 

Before
an applicant begins testing a compound with potential therapeutic value in humans, the drug candidate enters the preclinical testing
stage. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, and the purity and stability
of the drug substance, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the drug for initial
testing in humans and to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations
and requirements including good laboratory practices. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing
information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND.
An IND is an exemption from the FDCA that allows an unapproved drug to be shipped in interstate commerce for use in an investigational
clinical trial and a request for FDA authorization to administer an investigational drug to humans. Such authorization must be secured
prior to interstate shipment and administration of any new drug that is not the subject of an approved NDA. The IND automatically becomes
effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA places the clinical trial on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period.
In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also
impose clinical holds on a drug candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. 

A
sponsor may choose, but is not required, to conduct a foreign clinical study under an IND. When a foreign clinical study is conducted
under an IND, all FDA IND requirements must be met unless waived. When the foreign clinical study is not conducted under an IND, the
sponsor must ensure that the study complies with certain FDA regulatory requirements in order to use the study as support for an IND
or application for marketing approval. Such studies must be conducted in accordance with GCP, including review and approval by an independent
ethics committee, or IEC, and informed consent from subjects. The GCP requirements encompass both ethical and data integrity standards
for clinical studies. The FDA s regulations are intended to help ensure the protection of human subjects enrolled in non-IND foreign
clinical studies, as well as the quality and integrity of the resulting data. They further help ensure that non-IND foreign studies are
conducted in a manner comparable to that required for IND studies. 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in
accordance with GCP requirements, which include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed
consent in writing before their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under written study protocols detailing,
among other things, the objectives of the study, inclusion and exclusion criteria, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and
the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND before a clinical trial can
begin in the US. In addition, an IRB representing each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan
for any clinical trial before it commences at that institution, and the IRB must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at
least annually. The IRB must review and approve, among other things, the study protocol and informed consent information to be provided
to study subjects. 

9 

Human
clinical trials are typically conducted in four sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: 

Phase
1. The drug is initially introduced into a small number of healthy human subjects or, in certain indications such as cancer,
patients with the target disease or condition (e.g., cancer) and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution,
excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness and to determine optimal dosage. 

Phase
2. The drug is administered to a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily
evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. 

Phase
3. These clinical trials are commonly referred to as pivotal studies, which denotes a study which presents the
data that the FDA or other relevant regulatory agency will use to determine whether or not to approve a drug. The drug is administered
to an expanded patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to
generate enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit
profile of the product and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product. 

Phase
4 . Post-approval studies may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies are used to gain additional experience
from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse
events occur. In addition, IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA for any of the following: serious and unexpected suspected
adverse reactions; findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the
drug; and any clinically important increase in the case of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the investigator
brochure. 

Concurrent
with clinical trials, companies often complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry
and physical characteristics of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance
with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and,
among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, purity, and potency of the final drug. Additionally,
appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does
not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

If
clinical trials are successful, the next step in the drug development process is the preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA
or BLA, Biologics License Application. The NDA or BLA is the vehicle through which drug applicants formally propose that the FDA approve
a new drug or biologic for marketing and sale in the United States for one or more indications. The results of product development, preclinical
studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the
drug, proposed labeling and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product.
The submission of an NDA or BLA is subject to the payment of substantial user fees; a waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain
limited circumstances. For example, products with orphan drug designation are not subject to user fees. 

The
FDA reviews all NDAs submitted to identify if there are any deficiencies before it can officially accept them for in-depth review, also
known as filing of the NDA. The FDA may also request additional information before deciding whether to accept an NDA application
for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. 

10 

After
the NDA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is
safe and effective for its intended use, whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the
product s identity, strength, quality and purity and has appropriate labeling of the product for its intended use. There is a two-tiered
system of review times standard review and priority review. A priority review designation means FDA s goal is to take action
on an application within six months (compared to 10 months under standard review) in addition to the 2-month validation period. During
the approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, is necessary to assure
the safe use of the drug or biologic. If the FDA concludes that a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS;
the FDA will not approve the NDA without a REMS, if deemed required. 

Before
approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect the facilities at which the product is to be manufactured. These preapproval inspections
may cover all facilities associated with an NDA submission, including drug component manufacturing (e.g., active pharmaceutical ingredients),
finished drug product manufacturing, and control testing laboratories. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that
the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the
product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites
to assure compliance with GCP. 

The
FDA is required to refer an application for a novel drug to an advisory committee or explain why such referral was not made. Typically,
an advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, that reviews, evaluates and
provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations
of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions about the approval of the drug. 

On
the basis of the FDA s evaluation of the NDA and accompanying information, including the results of the inspection of the manufacturing
facilities, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of
the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies
in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If
a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either submit a Complete Response, addressing all of the deficiencies identified
in the letter, or withdraw the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission
of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending
on the type of information included. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application
does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 

If
a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise
be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings
or precautions be included in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may require phase 4 testing which involves clinical trials designed
to further assess a product s safety and effectiveness and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety
of approved products that have been commercialized. 

Fast
track, breakthrough therapy and priority review designations 

The
FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment
of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. These programs are fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, and
priority review designation. 

Accelerated
approval pathway 

The
FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage
to patients over existing treatments based upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably
likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a condition when the product has an effect on
an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, and that
is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of
the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Products granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory
standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval. If post-marketing clinical studies fail to verify clinical
benefit, FDA may withdraw approval. 

11 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Any
drug that receives FDA approval is subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating
to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences
with the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, by submitting
supplemental NDAs, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual user fee requirements for any marketed
products and the establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications
with clinical data. 

In
addition, drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register
their establishments with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state
agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA
approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting
and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers
must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 

Once
an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained
or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse
events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may
result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess
new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, suspension of the approval, or complete
 withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines,
 warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation
 of product approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted
only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce
the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label
uses may be subject to significant liability. 

In
addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, and its
implementing regulations, as well as the Drug Supply Chain Security Act, or DSCA, which regulate the distribution and tracing of prescription
drugs and prescription drug samples at the federal level, and set minimum standards for the regulation of drug distributors by the states.
The PDMA, its implementing regulations and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples, and the
DSCA imposes requirements to ensure accountability in distribution and to identify and remove counterfeit and other illegitimate products
from the market. 

12 

Abbreviated
new drug applications for generic drugs 

In
1984, with passage of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments to the FDCA, Congress established an abbreviated regulatory scheme authorizing the
FDA to approve generic drugs that are shown to contain the same active ingredients as, and to be bioequivalent to, drugs previously approved
by the FDA pursuant to NDAs. To obtain approval of a generic drug, an applicant must submit an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA,
to the agency. An ANDA is a comprehensive submission that contains, among other things, data and information pertaining to the active
pharmaceutical ingredient, bioequivalence, drug product formulation, specifications and stability of the generic drug, as well as analytical
methods, manufacturing process validation data and quality control procedures. ANDAs are abbreviated because they generally
do not include preclinical and clinical data to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Instead, in support of such applications, a generic
manufacturer may rely on the preclinical and clinical testing previously conducted for a drug product previously approved under an NDA,
known as the reference-listed drug, or RLD. 

505(b)(2)
NDAs 

As
an alternative path to FDA approval for modifications to formulations or uses of products previously approved by the FDA pursuant to
an NDA, an applicant may submit an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) was enacted as part of the Hatch-Waxman
Amendments and permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted
by, or for, the applicant. If the 505(b)(2) applicant can establish that reliance on FDA s previous findings of safety and effectiveness
is scientifically and legally appropriate, it may eliminate the need to conduct certain preclinical or clinical studies of the new product.
The FDA may also require companies to perform additional studies or measurements, including clinical trials, to support the change from
the previously approved reference drug. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all, or some, of the label indications
for which the reference drug has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the 505(b)(2) applicant. 

Pediatric
studies and exclusivity 

Under
the Pediatric Research Equity Act, an NDA or supplement thereto must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness
of the drug product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for
each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. With enactment of FDASIA 2012, sponsors must also submit pediatric
study plans prior to the assessment data. Those plans must contain an outline of the proposed pediatric study or studies the applicant
plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, any deferral or waiver requests, and any other information required by regulation.
The applicant, the FDA, and the FDA s internal review committee must then review the information submitted, consult with each other,
and agree upon a final plan. The FDA or the applicant may request an amendment to the plan at any time. The FDA may, on its own initiative
or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product
for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. Additional requirements and procedures relating to
waiver requests, deferral requests and requests for extension of deferrals are contained in FDASIA. Unless and until FDA promulgates
a regulation stating otherwise, the pediatric data requirements do not apply to products with orphan designation. However, in accordance
with FDARA 2017, certain orphan designated drugs are no longer exempt from having to conduct pediatric studies. FDARA requires that any
original NDA or BLA submitted on or after August 18, 2020, for a new active ingredient, must contain studies of molecularly targeted
pediatric cancers, unless a deferral or a waiver is granted, if the drug that is intended for the treatment of an adult cancer and directed
at a molecular target that has been determined to be substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric cancer. 

Orphan
drug designation and exclusivity 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or
condition, generally meaning that it affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more in cases in which there is
no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug product available in the United States for treatment of the disease
or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. A company must request orphan drug designation before submitting an NDA for
the drug and rare disease or condition. If the request is granted, the FDA will disclose the identity of the therapeutic agent and its
potential use. Orphan drug designation does not shorten the PDUFA goal dates for the regulatory review and approval process, although
it does convey certain advantages such as tax benefits and exemption from the PDUFA application fee. The first applicant to obtain approval
of an orphan drug is eligible for seven years of exclusivity, or twelve years of exclusivity for a biologic, during which FDA may not
approve another drug with the same active ingredient for the approved orphan indication unless the subsequent product is shown to be
clinically superior. 

13 

Patent
term restoration and extension 

A
patent claiming a new drug product or its method of use may be eligible for a limited patent term extension, also known as patent term
restoration, under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which permits a patent restoration of up to five years for patent term lost during product development
and the FDA regulatory review. Patent term extension is generally available only for drug products whose active ingredient has not previously
been approved by the FDA. The restoration period granted is typically one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the
submission date of an NDA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the ultimate approval date. Patent term extension
cannot be used to extend the remaining term of a patent past a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. Only one patent
applicable to an approved drug product is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to
the expiration of the patent in question. A patent that covers multiple drugs for which approval is sought can only be extended in connection
with one of the approvals. The United States Patent and Trademark Office reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension
in consultation with the FDA. 

FDA
approval and regulation of companion diagnostics 

If
safe and effective use of a therapeutic depends on an in vitro diagnostic, then the FDA generally will require approval or clearance
of that diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time that the FDA approves the therapeutic product. In August 2014,
the FDA issued final guidance clarifying the requirements that will apply to approval of therapeutic products and in vitro companion
diagnostics. According to the guidance, for novel drugs, a companion diagnostic device and its corresponding therapeutic should be approved
or cleared contemporaneously by the FDA for the use indicated in the therapeutic product s labeling. 

Review
And Approval Of Drugs In Europe And Other Foreign Jurisdictions 

In
addition to regulations in the United States, a manufacturer is subject to a variety of regulations in foreign jurisdictions to the extent
they choose to sell any drug products in those foreign countries. Even if a manufacturer obtains FDA approval of a product, it must still
obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing
of the product in those countries. To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug or biological product in the European Union,
a manufacturer must submit a marketing authorization application (MAA) to the European Medicines Agency or EMA. For other countries outside
of the European Union, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical
trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, clinical trials are to be conducted
in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration
of Helsinki. 

Pharmaceutical
Coverage, Pricing And Reimbursement 

In
the United States and markets in other countries, patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers performing
the prescribed services generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Patients are
unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of
our products. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of products approved by the FDA and other government
authorities. Even if our product candidate is approved, sales of our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party
payors, including government health programs in the United States such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers and managed
care organizations, provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement levels for, such products. The process for determining whether
a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor
will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged, examining the
medical necessity, and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products and services and imposing controls to manage costs. Third-party
payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the approved
products for a particular indication. 

14 

There
have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at
broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. Such reforms could have an adverse effect
on anticipated revenue from product candidates that the Pharmaceutical Companies may successfully develop and for which they may obtain
marketing approval and may affect their overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 

Healthcare
Law And Regulation 

In
addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of drug products, federal and state fraud and abuse laws restrict business practices in the
pharmaceutical industry. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully
 offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for purchasing,
 leasing, ordering, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any
 item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs; 

the
 federal False Claims Act, which prohibits any person from knowingly presenting, or causing
 to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making,
 using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent
 claim to the federal government; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created
 additional federal criminal laws that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully
 executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or
 making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and
 their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published in
 January 2013, which impose obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect
 to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health
 information; 

the
 civil monetary penalties statute, which imposes penalties against any person who is determined
 to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the
 person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or
 is false or fraudulent; 

the
 federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices,
 biologics and medical supplies to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid
 Services, information related to payments and other transfers of value made by that entity
 to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held
 by physicians and their immediate family members; and 

analogous
 state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws,
 which may apply to healthcare items or services that are reimbursed by non-governmental third-party
 payors, including private insurers; 

state
 laws requiring pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s
 voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government. State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information
 in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often
 are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

15 

COMPETITION

The
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and a strong emphasis
on proprietary products. While we believe that Rafael Pharmaceuticals technology, development experience and scientific knowledge
provide it with competitive advantages, Rafael Pharmaceuticals faces potential competition from many different companies, including major
pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies and public and
private research institutions. Any product candidates that Rafael Pharmaceuticals successfully develops and commercializes will compete
with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. 

Rafael
Pharmaceuticals competes in the segments of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology companies that either address cancer metabolism, or developing
drugs for pancreatic cancer or AML. Various companies working to develop therapies in the field of cancer metabolism include, but are
not limited to, Celgene, Inc. (now part of Bristol-Myers Squibb), Servier Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Pfizer, Inc., Calithera Biosciences,
Inc., Sagimet Biosciences, Inc. (previously known as 3V Biosciences. Inc.), Aeglea Bio Therapeutics, Inc., Polaris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
Berg Health, Inc., Rgenix, Inc., Eleison Pharmaceuticals LLC, Forma Therapeutics Holdings LLC, TYME Technologies Inc., and ERYtech Pharma.
Some of the key companies developing drugs for pancreatic cancer include, but are not limited to, Celgene, Inc. (now part of Bristol-Myers
Squibb), Novartis, Cantargia, AB Science, Inc., Ipsen, TYME Technologies Inc. and some of the key companies developing drugs for AML
including, but not limited to, Roche, Novartis, GlycoMimetics, Inc., Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd., AROG Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., Delta-Fly Pharma, Astex Pharmaceuticals, and Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY 

Licenses 

Rafael
Pharmaceuticals maintains an exclusive license agreement with the Research Foundation of the State University of New York at Stony Brook,
or RF, granting Rafael Pharmaceuticals the exclusive right to make, use and sell products covered under specified technology relating
to lipoic acid derivatives with the right to grant sublicenses. This license agreement was subsequently amended in 2004, 2007 and 2017
and relates to Rafael Pharmaceutical s AEMD class of compounds. Rafael Pharmaceuticals maintains a low single-digit royalty agreement
with Altira Capital and Consulting, LLC, pursuant to which Rafael Pharmaceuticals is granted sole ownership of patents directed to lipoic
acid derivatives and other technology. 

Rafael
Pharmaceuticals maintains an exclusive license agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, or Ono, whereby Rafael Pharmaceuticals granted
Ono an exclusive right to make, use and sell CPI-613 (devimistat) and related products in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan,
and certain countries in Southeast Asia under specified intellectual property held by Rafael Pharmaceuticals. Ono granted to Rafael Pharmaceuticals
a non-exclusive right under intellectual property held by Ono to make, use, and sell CPI-613 (devimistat) and related
products in countries other than Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and certain countries in Southeast Asia. Under the license agreement, Ono
is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop the licensed products in territories licensed to Ono. The agreement may
be terminated without cause by Ono or by Rafael Pharmaceuticals for material breach by Ono. 

Farber Partners, a subsidiary of the Barer Institute,
has executed a worldwide, exclusive and sub-licenseable license from the Trustees of Princeton University from work done in the Rabinowitz
lab regarding metabolites that are able to stimulate anti-cancer immune responses to support its ongoing Barer Institute immuno-metabolism
pipeline. The in-licensed intellectual property is foundational work for a potentially transformative immunotherapy combination developed
in the Barer Institute. 

LipoMedix
maintains an exclusive license agreement with Yissum Research and Development Company, the technology transfer arm of the Hebrew University
of Jerusalem granting LipoMedix the exclusive right to make, use and sell products covered under specified patents relating to the mitomycin
lipophilic prodrug and its liposomal formulation (Promitil with the right to grant sublicenses. LipoMedix also maintains
an exclusive license agreement with Shaare Zedek Scientific Company, the technology transfer arm of Shaare Zedek Medical Center (SZMC)
granting LipoMedix the exclusive right to license any new I.P. developed at SZMC relating to the mitomycin lipophilic prodrug and its
liposomal formulation (Promitil with the right to grant sublicenses. 

16 

Patents

Rafael
Pharmaceuticals patents its technology, inventions, and improvements that it considers important to the development of its business.
A patent gives the patent holder the right to exclude any unauthorized use of the subject matter of the patent in those jurisdictions
in which a patent is granted. As of August 19, 2021, Rafael Pharmaceuticals owns or in-licenses more than one dozen U.S. patents, several
dozen foreign patents registered in various countries, and many pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. Additional patent applications
will be filed as studies continue. Patents that Rafael Pharmaceuticals has obtained for its platform technologies and patents that may
issue in the future based on Rafael Pharmaceuticals currently pending patent applications are scheduled to expire in years 2028
through 2042. These dates do not include potential patent term extensions. Rafael Pharmaceuticals has obtained U.S. orphan drug designation
for CPI-613 (devimistat) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer, AML, MDS, Burkitt s Lymphoma, Peripheral T-cell Lymphoma (PTCL),
soft tissue sarcoma, and biliary cancer. 

Rafael
Pharmaceuticals maintains U.S. and international trademarks covering its lead development compound (CPI-613 (devimistat))
and pancreatic cancer clinical trial (AVENGER 500 ). U.S. and international trademarks are also maintained for potential
brand names of devimistat. 

As
of October 9, 2020, LipoMedix owns or in-licenses several families of U.S. patents. Additional patent applications will be filed as studies
continue. Patents that LipoMedix has obtained and patents that may issue in the future based on LipoMedix s currently pending patent
applications for its platform technologies are scheduled to expire in years 2032 through 2035. These dates do not include potential patent
term extensions. 

Three
new patent applications covering the use of Promitil , in combination with other chemotherapies and with radiotherapy,
and a reformulation of Promitil with co-encapsulated mitomycin prodrug and doxorubicin have been approved by the USPTO in 2018-2020.
The patent portfolio currently comprises 5 granted families of patents and another two applications under review. 

Rafael
Medical Devices patents its technology, inventions, and improvements that it considers important to the development of its business.
As of October 1, 2021 Rafael Medical Devices has two provisional patents related to its devices filed with the USPTO and Rafael Medical
Devices expects to file non-provisional submissions this calendar year. 

Additional
patent applications will be filed as development progresses. 

MANUFACTURING 

The Pharmaceutical Companies do not own or operate,
and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities or fill-and-finish facilities. The Pharmaceutical Companies currently
rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of their product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing,
as well as for commercial manufacture of any products that they may commercialize. The Pharmaceutical Companies obtain supplies from these
established contract manufacturers on a purchase order basis and do not have long-term supply arrangements in place. The Pharmaceutical
Companies do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply for bulk drug substance or drug product, however, we may seek
to add that capability if we move toward commercialization of specific candidates. For all of the product candidates, the Pharmaceutical
Companies intend to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide the active pharmaceutical ingredient and the formulation
and fill-and-finish. We have no current plans to develop internal manufacturing facilities of fill-and-finish facilities, including following
consummation of the merger with Rafael Pharmaceuticals and potential commercialization of product candidates. 

For
Rafael Pharmaceuticals, the compounds are organic compounds of low molecular weight, generally called small molecules. They can be manufactured
in reliable and reproducible synthetic processes from readily available starting materials. The chemistry is amenable to scale-up and
does not require unusual equipment in the manufacturing process. Rafael Pharmaceuticals expects to continue to develop drug candidates
that can be produced relatively cost-effectively at contract manufacturing facilities. 

LipoMedix s
Promitil and other pipeline candidates, are based on an active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) referred to as MLP (abbreviation
of mitomycin-C lipid-based prodrug) that is formulated into customized nanoparticles. These nanoparticles consist of lipids and a polyethylene-glycol
(PEG) polymer and are known as pegylated liposomes. 

LipoMedix
obtains supplies from established contract manufacturers on a purchase order basis and does not have long-term supply arrangements in
place. LipoMedix does not currently have arrangements in place for commercial supply or redundant supply for bulk drug substance or drug
product. 

17 

EMPLOYEES 

As
of October 3, 2021, Rafael Holdings had 23 full-time employees and 2 part-time employees as follows: 11 employees primarily dedicated
to the corporate entity, 7 employees dedicated to the real estate group and 7 dedicated to the Barer group. Rafael Pharmaceuticals employs
26 full-time and 4 part-time employees, who are involved in operations, research and development and LipoMedix employs 1 full-time and
2 part-time employees involved in operations, research and development, in addition to Prof. Gabizon, and Levco employs 1 full-time and
3 part-time employees. 

Real
Estate 

The
commercial real estate holdings consist of the building at 520 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey that serves as headquarters for the
Company and, certain affiliated entities, an 800-car public garage, and a portion of a building in Israel. 

520
Broad Street in Newark New Jersey is a 20-story commercial office building containing approximately 496,000 square feet. The building
was completed in 1957 and is of steel-frame construction with cast-in-place concrete floors. The facade is constructed of stone and metal
framed glass curtain wall sections. The public garage has three levels, plus additional surface parking that, in total, can accommodate
approximately 800 parking spaces. The Newark market is undergoing a renewal with major commercial and residential projects currently
in development or coming to the market. The building also sits within an Opportunity Zone. The opportunity zone designation provides
multiple potential benefits to an acquirer of an asset in an opportunity zone including a temporary deferral of inclusion in taxable
income for capital gains reinvested in an opportunity zone investment; a step-up in basis for capital gains reinvested in an opportunity
zone investment; and a permanent exclusion from taxable income of capital gains from the sale or exchange of an investment in an opportunity
zone investment if the investment is held for at least 10 years. We continue to seek opportunities to maximize the value of our real
estate holdings in multiple ways and we are also evaluating other avenues of maximizing value through redevelopment of vacant space into
more marketable and thereby valuable uses. 

On July 9, 2021, the Company as guarantor, Rafael
Holdings Realty, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary as pledgor, and Broad Atlantic Associates, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Realty as
borrower, entered into a loan agreement with 520 Broad Street LLC, a third-party lender (the Lender ). The Loan Agreement
provides for a loan in the amount of 15 million secured by (i) a first mortgage on 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102; and (ii)
a first priority security interest in the equity of the Borrower. 

The
building serves as the headquarters of Rafael Holdings, IDT Corporation, and Genie Energy, Ltd. Genie ), who occupy the
second through fourth floors. Currently, approximately 25 of the building is leased, including leases to IDT and Genie. 

The
IDT lease expires in April 2025 and is for 80,000 square feet and includes two parking spots per thousand square feet of space leased.
The annual base rent is approximately 1.6 million. IDT has the right to terminate the lease upon four months notice and, upon
early termination, IDT will pay a penalty equal to 25 of the portion of the rent due over the course of the remaining term. IDT has
the right to lease an additional 50,000 square feet in the building at the same terms as the base lease, in 25,000 square feet increments.
Upon expiration of the lease, IDT has the right to renew the lease for another five years on substantially the same terms, with a 2 
annual increase in the rental payments. 

The
Genie lease expires in April 2025 and is for 8,631 square feet and includes two parking spots per thousand square feet of space leased.
The annual base rent is approximately 214,800. Genie has the right to terminate the lease upon four months notice and, upon early
termination, Genie will pay a penalty equal to 25 of the portion of the rent due over the course of the remaining term. Upon expiration
of the lease, Genie has the right to renew the lease for another five years on substantially the same terms, with a 2 annual increase
in the rental payments. 

18 

In
addition to the IDT and Genie leases, there are three additional leases for space in the building. The first lease is for a portion of
the sixth floor for an eleven-year term, of which the first six years are non-cancellable. The second lease is for a portion of the ground
floor and basement for a term of ten years, seven months and the third lease is for another portion of the ground floor for a term of
ten years, four months. The leases have all commenced. At July 31, 2021 and 2020, the carrying value of the land, building and improvements
at 520 Broad Street was 41.7 million and 42.9 million, respectively. 

The
real estate holding in Israel is a condominium portion of an office building built in 2004 located in the Har Hotzvim section of Jerusalem,
Israel. The condominium is one floor of approximately 12,400 square feet. Har Hotzvim is a high-tech industrial park located in northwest
Jerusalem. It is the city s main zone for science-based and technology companies, among them Intel, Teva and Mobileye. As of July
31, 2021, the space is fully leased to two tenants; one is IDT and another third-party tenant. 

Depreciation
expense of property, plant and equipment was 1.5 million and 1.9 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

COMPETITION 

With
respect to our real estate business, we compete for commercial (office and retail) tenants in the areas our buildings are located. The
commercial real estate market is highly competitive. Numerous commercial properties compete with us for tenants based on location, rental
rates, tenant allowances, operating expenses and the quality and design of the property. Other factors tenants consider are; quality
and breadth of tenant services provided, onsite amenities and reputation of the owner and property manager. 

There
is also competition to acquire real estate, including competition from domestic and foreign financial institutions, REITs, life insurance
companies, pension trusts, trust funds, partnerships, individual investors and others. Should we decide to dispose of a property, we
will also be in competition with sellers of comparable properties seeking suitable purchasers. In 2020 we sold a 3-story, 65,253 square
foot office building located in Piscataway, New Jersey for a sales price of 3,875,000, and net proceeds of 3,675,638. 

OUR
STRATEGY 

Our
strategy related to our real estate business includes: 

capitalizing
 on knowledge of the marketplaces to enhance our leasing and property management capabilities
 in order to achieve stabilized occupancy; 

attracting
 additional tenants to our buildings and public parking garage; and 

executing
 timely monetization through sales or joint ventures of current real estate holdings. 

19 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

RISK
FACTORS 

Our business, operating results or financial
condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated with any one of our businesses, as well as the
other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. Note
that references to our , us , we , the Company , etc. used in each risk factor below
refers to the business about which such risk factor is provided. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Needs 

We
have limited resources and could find it difficult to raise additional capital. 

We
may need to raise additional capital for operations and in order for stockholders to realize increased value on our securities. Given
the current global economy and other factors, if we need to raise additional capital there can be no assurance that we will be able to
obtain the necessary funding on commercially reasonable terms in a timely fashion. Failure to receive the funding could have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, and financial condition. 

We
hold a Warrant to purchase a significant stake in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, as well as other equity and governance rights in Rafael Pharmaceuticals,
which we can t exercise, in full, at this time and may never be able to exercise. 

We hold a Warrant to purchase a significant stake
in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, as well as other equity and governance rights in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, which we can t exercise, in
full, at this time and may never be able to exercise. We currently own 51 of the issued and outstanding equity in Rafael Pharmaceuticals.
Approximately 8 of the issued and outstanding equity is owned by our subsidiary CS Pharma and 43 is held by our subsidiary Pharma Holdings.
Our subsidiary Pharma Holdings holds a non-dilutive option to increase our total ownership to 56 . Based on the current shares issued
and outstanding of Rafael Pharmaceuticals as of July 31, 2021, we, and our affiliates, would need to pay approximately 17 million to
exercise the Warrant in full. On an as-converted fully diluted basis (for all convertible securities of Rafael Pharmaceuticals outstanding),
we, and our affiliates, would need to pay approximately 126 million to exercise the Warrant in full including additional issuances under
the Line of Credit. Howard Jonas holds 10 of the interest in Pharma Holdings and would need to contribute 10 of any cash necessary to
exercise any portion of the Warrant. Following any exercise, a portion of our interest in Rafael Pharmaceuticals would continue to be
held for the benefit of the other equity holders in Pharma Holdings and CS Pharma. Subject to certain adjustments, the Warrant will expire
upon the earlier of (i) the occurrence of the Effective Time of the Merger, or (ii) if the Effective Time does not occur, the date that
is calculated by adding (A) the number of calendar days the Merger Agreement has been in effect prior to its termination in accordance
with its terms, to (B) August 15, 2021. If the Merger is not consummated, the Warrant may expire unexercised. Further, given the Company s
anticipated available cash, we would not be able to exercise the Warrant in its entirety and we may never be able to exercise the Warrant
in full. Rafael Pharmaceuticals may also issue additional equity interests, such as stock options, which will require us to pay additional
cash to maintain our ownership percentage or exercise the Warrant in full. 

Howard
Jonas has the contractual right to receive Bonus Shares for an additional 10 of the fully diluted capital stock of Rafael
Pharmaceuticals at the time of issuance which is contingent upon achieving certain milestones. If any of the milestones are met and the
Bonus Shares are issued, we will need additional cash to maintain our ownership percentage or exercise the Warrant in full. 

In
connection with entering into the Line of Credit Agreement, Rafael Pharmaceuticals agreed to issue to RP Finance shares of its common
stock representing 12 of the issued and outstanding shares of Rafael Pharmaceuticals common stock, with such interest subject to anti-dilution
protection as set forth in the Line of Credit Agreement. If additional shares are issued, we will need additional cash to maintain our
ownership percentage or exercise the Warrant in full. 

Given
our complicated ownership in Rafael Pharmaceuticals as described herein, the market may or may not appropriately value our investment
in Rafael Pharmaceuticals. 

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects and may increase your investment risk. 

We
have only a limited operating history upon which our business and prospects can be evaluated. We expect to encounter risks and difficulties
frequently encountered by early-stage companies in the industries in which we operate. 

We
have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully complete any clinical trials, including large-scale, pivotal clinical trials, obtain
marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial scale medicine, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and
marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization. Typically, it takes about ten to fifteen years to develop one new medicine
from the time it is discovered to when it is available for treating patients. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success
or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. 

20 

In
addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors and risks frequently
experienced by clinical stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields. We will also need to transition from a company
with a research focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. If we do not adequately address these risks and difficulties
or successfully make such a transition, our business will suffer, our future revenue potential may be impacted and our ability to pursue
our growth strategy and attain profitability could be compromised. 

We
hold significant cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments that are subject to various market risks. 

As
of July 31, 2021, we held approximately 12.9 million in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, approximately 0.835 million
in third-party and related party receivables, approximately 7.5 million due from RP Finance, approximately 5.3 million in interests
in hedge funds and approximately 0.5 million in securities in another entity that are not liquid. In August 2021, we closed a private
placement offering for total gross proceeds of approximately 104 million. Investments in hedge funds carry a degree of risk, as there
can be no assurance that we will be able to redeem any hedge fund investments at any time or that our investment managers will be able
to accurately predict the course of price movements of securities and other instruments and, in general, the securities markets have
in recent years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. Our passive interests in other entities are not currently
liquid and we cannot assure that we will be able to liquidate them when we desire, or ever. As a result of these different market risks,
our holdings of cash, cash equivalents, and investments could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
are dependent on IDT and Genie for a large portion of our revenue and the loss of, or a significant reduction in revenue from IDT and
its affiliates would reduce our revenue and adversely impact our results of operations. 

We
have generated the majority of our revenue from IDT and Genie. In the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, IDT and Genie accounted for approximately
65 of our revenue. The loss of, or a significant reduction in, revenue from IDT and Genie would materially and adversely affect our
revenue and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to our Pharmaceuticals Business 

We
depend heavily on the future success of Rafael Pharmaceuticals lead product candidate devimistat (CPI-613 (devimistat)).
If Rafael Pharmaceuticals is unable to gain regulatory approval or commercialize its product candidates or experiences significant delays
in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

We
have invested a significant amount of capital into Rafael Pharmaceuticals. All of Rafael Pharmaceuticals current and any future product
candidates will require preclinical and clinical development, regulatory review and approval, substantial investment, access to sufficient
commercial manufacturing capacity, and significant marketing efforts before Rafael Pharmaceuticals can generate any revenue from product
sales. 

The
success of devimistat (CPI-613 (devimistat)) and any other product candidates that may be developed will depend on many
factors, including the following: 

timely
initiation, successful enrollment and timely completion of clinical trials and preclinical studies, which may be significantly slower
or cost more than we currently anticipate and will depend substantially upon the performance of third-party contractors; 

allowance
to proceed with clinical trials of product candidates under investigational new drug applications, or INDs, by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, or the FDA, or under similar regulatory submissions by comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

the
frequency, duration and severity of potential adverse events in clinical trials; 

whether
Rafael Pharmaceuticals is required by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities to conduct additional clinical trials
or other studies beyond those planned to support the approval and commercialization of their product candidates; 

maintaining
and establishing relationships with contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical sites for the clinical development of any
product candidates both in the United States and internationally; 

Rafael
Pharmaceuticals ability to demonstrate the safety, and efficacy of its product candidates to the satisfaction of the FDA and comparable
regulatory authorities; 

timely
receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities, including new drug applications, or NDAs, or other comparable
submissions from the FDA and maintaining such approvals; 

Rafael
Pharmaceuticals ability and the ability of third parties with whom it contracts to manufacture adequate clinical and commercial
supplies of CPI-613 (devimistat) or any future product candidates, remain in good standing with regulatory authorities
and develop, validate and maintain commercially viable manufacturing processes that are compliant with current good manufacturing practices,
or cGMPs; 

21 

establishing
sales, marketing and distributing capabilities and launching commercial sales of any products, if and when approved, whether alone or
in collaboration with others; 

establishing
and maintaining patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for CPI-613 (devimistat) or any other product
candidates; 

the
willingness of physicians, operators of clinics and patients to utilize or adopt CPI-613 (devimistat) or any other product
candidates over alternative or more conventional therapies, such as chemotherapy, to treat cancers; 

maintaining
an acceptable safety profile of CPI-613 (devimistat) or any other products following approval, if any; and 

maintaining
and growing an organization of people who can develop and commercialize product candidates and technology. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our or Rafael Pharmaceuticals control and could cause significant delay or prevent Rafael Pharmaceuticals
from obtaining or commercializing CPI-613 (devimistat) or any other product candidates. If Rafael Pharmaceuticals is
unable to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or, if approved, successfully commercialize its product candidates, we may not be
able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies may not be successful in their efforts to identify or discover potential product candidates. 

The
key elements of our strategy are for the Barer Institute to identify, create and test compounds that target alterations found in cancer
cells related to its production of energy widely known as cancer metabolism, for Rafael Pharmaceuticals to develop and clinically advance
CPI-613 and for LipoMedix to find drug carrier systems such as liposomes or other nanoparticles to deliver effectively and safely powerful
anticancer compounds for which minimizing toxicity is critical. A significant portion of the research that the Pharmaceutical Companies
are conducting involves new compounds and drug discovery methods and suitable drug delivery systems, including the Pharmaceutical Companies 
proprietary technology. The drug discovery that the Pharmaceutical Companies are conducting using the Pharmaceutical Companies 
proprietary technology may not be successful in identifying compounds that are useful in treating cancer. The Pharmaceutical Companies 
research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical
development for a number of reasons, including: 

the research
 methodology used may not be successful in identifying appropriate biomarkers, potential product candidates or effective carrier systems
 to confer a drug delivery advantage. 

potential
 product candidates may, on further study, be shown to not be effective, have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate
 that they are unlikely to be medicines that will receive marketing approval and achieve market acceptance. 

Research
programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. The Pharmaceutical Companies
may choose to focus the Pharmaceutical Companies efforts and resources on a potential product candidate that ultimately proves
to be unsuccessful. 

If
the Pharmaceutical Companies are unable to identify suitable compounds for preclinical and clinical development, the Pharmaceutical Companies
will not be able to obtain product revenue in future periods, which likely would result in significant harm to the Pharmaceutical Companies 
financial position and adversely impact the Pharmaceutical Companies valuation. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies may expend their limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize
on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because
the Pharmaceutical Companies have limited financial and managerial resources, their focus on research programs and product candidates
that they may or will identify for specific indications may not be exhaustive. As a result, the Pharmaceutical Companies may forego or
delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential.
The Pharmaceutical Companies resource allocation decisions may cause them to fail to capitalize on viable commercial medicines
or profitable market opportunities. The Pharmaceutical Companies spending on current and future research and development programs
and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable medicines. If the Pharmaceutical Companies do not
accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, they may relinquish valuable rights
to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous
for them to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 

22 

Preclinical
and clinical drug development is a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. The Pharmaceutical Companies preclinical
and clinical programs may experience delays or may never advance, which would adversely affect their ability to obtain regulatory approvals
or commercialize their product candidates on a timely basis or at all, which could have an adverse effect on their business. 

In
order to obtain FDA approval to market a new drug, the product sponsor must demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the new drug in humans
to the satisfaction of the FDA. To meet these requirements, the Pharmaceutical Companies will have to conduct adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials. Clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and subject to uncertainty. 

Before
the Pharmaceutical Companies can commence clinical trials for a product candidate, they must complete extensive preclinical studies that
support their planned and future INDs in the United States. We cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of the Pharmaceutical
Companies preclinical studies and cannot predict if the FDA will allow their proposed clinical programs to proceed or if the outcome
of their preclinical studies will ultimately support further development of their programs. We also cannot be sure that the Pharmaceutical
Companies will be able to submit INDs or similar applications with respect to their product candidates on the timelines we expect, if
at all, and we cannot be sure that submission of IND or similar applications will result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities allowing
clinical trials to begin. 

Conducting
preclinical testing and clinical trials represents a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process. The length of time may vary substantially
according to the type, complexity and novelty of the program, and often can be several years or more per program. Delays associated with
programs for which the Pharmaceutical Companies are conducting preclinical studies may cause them to incur additional operating expenses.
The commencement and rate of completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials for a product candidate may be delayed by many factors,
including, for example: 

inability
to generate sufficient preclinical or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical studies; 

timely
completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with FDA s good laboratory practice
requirements and other applicable regulations; 

approval
by an independent Institutional Review Board, or IRB, ethics committee at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 

delays
in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design and obtaining regulatory authorization to commence clinical trials; 

delays
in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive
negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays
in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 

delays
in recruiting suitable patients to participate in clinical trials; 

delays
in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of product candidates for use in
clinical trials; 

insufficient
or inadequate supply or quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for use in clinical trials, or delays in sufficiently
developing, characterizing or controlling a manufacturing process suitable for clinical trials; 

imposition
of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory authorities; 

developments
on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raises FDA or foreign regulatory authority concerns about risk to patients
of the technology broadly, or if the FDA or a foreign regulatory authority finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly
deficient to meet its stated objectives; 

delays
in recruiting, screening and enrolling patients and delays caused by patients withdrawing from clinical trials or failing to return for
post-treatment follow-up; 

difficulty
collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 

failure
by CROs, other third parties or the Pharmaceutical Companies to adhere to clinical trial protocols; failure to perform in accordance
with the FDA s or any other regulatory authority s good clinical practice requirements, or GCPs, or applicable regulatory
guidelines in other countries; 

occurrence
of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits, or occurrence of adverse
events in trial of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; 

changes
to the clinical trial protocols; 

clinical
sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

23 

changes
in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 

changes
in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 

selection
of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of observation or analyses of resulting data; 

the
cost of clinical trials of our product candidates being greater than anticipated; 

clinical
trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in our
or their deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon development of such product candidates; 

transfer
of manufacturing processes to larger-scale facilities operated by a contract manufacturing organization, or CMO, and delays or failure
by CMOs or the Pharmaceutical Companies to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process; and 

third
parties being unwilling or unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us or the Pharmaceutical Companies. 

In
addition, disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase the likelihood that the Pharmaceutical Companies encounter such difficulties
or delays in initiating, enrolling, conducting or completing any planned and ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials. Any inability
by the Pharmaceutical Companies to successfully initiate or complete preclinical studies or clinical trials could result in additional
costs or impair our ability to generate revenue from product sales. In addition, if the Pharmaceutical Companies make manufacturing or
formulation changes to their product candidates, they may be required to or may elect to conduct additional studies to bridge modified
product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which any marketed products have
patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully
commercialize the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates and may seriously harm our business. 

Further,
conducting clinical trials in foreign countries, as the Pharmaceutical Companies may do for their product candidates, presents additional
risks that may delay completion of clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled patients in foreign countries to adhere
to clinical protocol as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens
associated with foreign regulatory schemes, as well as political and economic risks relevant to such foreign countries. 

Moreover,
principal investigators for the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to them
from time to time and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, the Pharmaceutical Companies
may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authority may conclude that a financial relationship between the Pharmaceutical Companies and a principal investigator
has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the study. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority
may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial
itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of marketing applications by the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authority, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of one or more product
candidates. 

Delays
in the completion of any preclinical studies or clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates will increase
our costs, slow down product candidate development and approval process and delay or potentially jeopardize our ability to commence product
sales and generate product revenue. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion
of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval a product candidate. Any delays to the Pharmaceutical
Companies preclinical studies or clinical trials that occur as a result could shorten any period during which we or they may have
the exclusive right to commercialize such product candidates and our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do,
and the commercial viability of any product candidates could be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our business,
financial condition and prospects significantly. 

If
the Pharmaceutical Companies experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials, the Pharmaceutical Companies 
receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies or their collaborators may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates if the Pharmaceutical Companies or such collaborators are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible
patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or analogous regulatory authorities outside the United States. 

24 

Enrollment
may be particularly challenging for some of the orphan diseases the Pharmaceutical Companies target in the Pharmaceutical Companies 
programs. In addition, there may be limited patient pools from which to draw for clinical studies. In addition to the rarity of some
diseases, the eligibility criteria of the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical studies will further limit the pool of available study
participants as they may require that patients have specific characteristics that they can measure or to assure their disease is either
severe enough or not too advanced to include them in a study. In addition, some of the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors may
have ongoing clinical trials for product candidates that are in development to treat the same indications as the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates, and patients who would otherwise be eligible for the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical trials may instead
enroll in clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors product candidates. 

Patient
enrollment is also affected by other factors including: 

size
and nature of the patient population; 

severity
of the disease under investigation; 

availability
and efficacy of approved drugs for the disease under investigation; 

patient
eligibility criteria for the trial in question as defined in the protocol; 

perceived
risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 

clinicians 
and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available
therapies, including any new products that may be approved or future product candidates being investigated for the indications we are
investigating; 

delays
in or temporary suspension of the enrollment of patients in our planned clinical trials due to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

ability
to obtain and maintain patient consents; 

patient
referral practices of physicians; 

the
ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; 

proximity
and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; and 

the
risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion, including as a result of contracting COVID-19
or other health conditions or being forced to quarantine, or, because they may be late-stage cancer patients, will not survive the full
terms of the clinical trials. 

These
factors may make it difficult for the Pharmaceutical Companies to enroll enough patients to complete their clinical trials in a timely
and cost-effective manner. The Pharmaceutical Companies inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for their clinical
trials would result in significant delays or may require them to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in
clinical trials may result in increased development costs for the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates and jeopardize their
ability to obtain marketing approval. Rafael Pharmaceuticals experienced some delays in enrollment particularly in the early days of
the pandemic. In the case of the AVENGER 500 trial metastatic pancreatic cancer, they were ultimately able to attain
their enrollment goals in a timely manner. Furthermore, even if the Pharmaceutical Companies are able to enroll a sufficient number of
patients for their clinical trials, they may have difficulty maintaining participation in their clinical trials through the treatment
and any follow-up periods. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates may cause significant adverse events, toxicities or other undesirable side effects
when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs that may result in a safety profile that
could prevent regulatory approval, prevent market acceptance, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 

If
the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates are associated with undesirable side effects or have unexpected characteristics
in preclinical studies or clinical trials when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs
the Pharmaceutical Companies may need to interrupt, delay or abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations
in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit
perspective. Treatment-related side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the
trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance
of the affected product candidate and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 

25 

In
addition, many compounds that initially showed promise in early-stage testing for treating cancer have later been found to cause side
effects that prevented further development of the compound. Further, we expect that certain product candidates, including CPI-613 (devimistat)
will be used in patients that have weakened immune systems, which may exacerbate any potential side effects associated with their use.
Patients treated with CPI-613 (devimistat) or other oncology product candidates may also be undergoing surgical, radiation and chemotherapy
treatments, which can cause side effects or adverse events that are unrelated to CPI-613 (devimistat) but may still impact the success
of clinical trials. The inclusion of critically ill patients in clinical trials may result in deaths or other adverse medical events
due to other therapies or medications that such patients may be using or due to the gravity of such patients illnesses. 

If
significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of the Pharmaceutical Companies current or future clinical
trials, the Pharmaceutical Companies may have difficulty recruiting patients to the clinical trials, patients may drop out of such trials,
or they may be required to abandon the trials or our development efforts of a product candidate altogether. The Pharmaceutical Companies,
the FDA, other comparable regulatory authorities or an IRB may suspend clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various
reasons, including a belief that subjects in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. 

Further,
if any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates obtains marketing approval, toxicities associated with such product
candidates previously not seen during clinical testing may also develop after such approval and lead to a number of potentially significant
negative consequences, including, but not limited to: 

regulatory
authorities may suspend, limit or withdraw approvals of such product, or seek an injunction against its manufacture or distribution; 

regulatory
authorities may require additional warnings on the label, including boxed warnings, or issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare
Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; 

the
Pharmaceutical Companies may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials or post-approval
studies; 

the
Pharmaceutical Companies may be required to create a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, which could include a medication
guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 

the
Pharmaceutical Companies may be subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of criminal penalties; 

we
or the Pharmaceutical Companies could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our
reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could prevent the Pharmaceutical Companies from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product
candidate, if approved, and could seriously harm our business. 

Interim,
 top-line and preliminary data from clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient
data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 

From
time to time, we and/or the Pharmaceutical Companies may publicly disclose preliminary or top-line data from preclinical studies and
clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions
are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We and/or the Pharmaceutical
Companies may also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we or they may not
have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the top-line or preliminary results reported
may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional
data have been received and fully evaluated. Top-line data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in
the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, top-line data should be viewed
with caution until the final data are available. 

From
time to time, we and/or the Pharmaceutical Companies may also disclose interim data from preclinical studies and clinical trials. Interim
data from clinical trials are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment
continues and more patient data become available or as patients from such clinical trials continue other treatments for their disease.
Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could materially adversely affect our business prospects. 

26 

Further,
others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our or the Pharmaceutical Companies assumptions, estimates,
calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the
particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general.
In addition, the information we or they choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is
typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information
to include in our disclosure. If the interim, top-line, or preliminary data that we or the Pharmaceutical Companies report differ from
actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, the Pharmaceutical Companies 
ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, their product candidates may be adversely affected, which could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Results
of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of results of future clinical trials. 

The
outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results
of clinical trials do not necessarily predict success in future clinical trials. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in earlier development,
and the Pharmaceutical Companies could face similar setbacks. The design of a clinical trial can determine whether its results will support
approval of a product and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well advanced.
The Pharmaceutical Companies have limited experience in designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and execute a clinical
trial to support marketing approval. In addition, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and
analyses. Many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have
nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for the product candidates. Even if the Pharmaceutical Companies, or future collaborators,
believe that the results of clinical trials for the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates warrant marketing approval, the
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree and may not grant marketing approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates. 

In
some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product
candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of
the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among
clinical trial participants. If the Pharmaceutical Companies fail to receive positive results in clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for the Pharmaceutical
Companies most advanced product candidates, and, correspondingly, the Pharmaceutical Companies business and financial prospects
would be negatively impacted. 

The
regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable,
and if the Pharmaceutical Companies are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for their product candidates, their business
will be substantially harmed. 

The
time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following
the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities.
In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the
course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. The Pharmaceutical Companies have not obtained
regulatory approval for any product candidate and it is possible that any product candidates they may seek to develop in the future will
never obtain regulatory approval. Neither the Pharmaceutical Companies nor any future collaborator is permitted to market any new drug
in the United States until we receive regulatory approval of an NDA, or other comparable submission, from the FDA. 

Prior
to obtaining approval to commercialize a product candidate in the United States or abroad, the Pharmaceutical Companies or their collaborators
must demonstrate with substantial evidence from well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or foreign regulatory
agencies, that such product candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses. Results from nonclinical studies and clinical
trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe the nonclinical or clinical data for the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. The
FDA may also require the Pharmaceutical Companies to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials for their product candidates
either prior to or post-approval, or it may object to elements of a proposed clinical development program. 

27 

The
FDA or any foreign regulatory bodies can delay, limit or deny approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates or require
them to conduct additional nonclinical or clinical testing or abandon a program for, including the following: 

the
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of clinical trials; 

the
Pharmaceutical Companies may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that
a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 

the
results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
for approval; 

serious
and unexpected drug-related side effects experienced by participants in clinical trials or by individuals using drugs similar to the
Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates; 

the
Pharmaceutical Companies may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety
risks; 

the
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the Pharmaceutical Companies interpretation of data from preclinical
studies or clinical trials; 

the
data collected from clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates may not be acceptable or sufficient to
support the submission of a NDA or other comparable submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere, and
they may be required to conduct additional clinical studies; 

the
FDA s or the applicable foreign regulatory authority may disagree regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the specifications
of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates; 

the
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
with which the Pharmaceutical Companies contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the
approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering
clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Of
the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval processes
and are commercialized. The lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in the
Pharmaceutical Companies failing to obtain regulatory approval to market their product candidates, which would significantly harm our
business, results of operations and prospects. In addition, even if the Pharmaceutical Companies were to obtain approval, regulatory
authorities may approve any of their product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than requested, may not approve the prices
they intend to charge for any approved products, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials,
including Phase 4 clinical trials, and/or the implementation of a REMS, which may be required to assure safe use of the drug after approval.
The FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory authority also may approve a product candidate for a more limited indication or patient
population than originally requested, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary
or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the
commercial prospects for the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates. 

If
the FDA does not conclude that certain of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates satisfy the requirements for the Section
505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway, or if the requirements for such product candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as they expect,
the approval pathway for those product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and entail significantly
greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in either case may not be successful. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies may develop product candidates for which they plan to seek approval under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway in
the United States. For example, we expect that LipoMedix may ultimately seek FDA approval of Promitil through the 505(b)(2) pathway. 

The
Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, added Section 505(b)(2) to the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA permits the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information
required for approval comes from studies that were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained
a right of reference. Section 505(b)(2), if applicable under the FDCA, would allow an NDA submitted to the FDA to rely in part on data
in the public domain or the FDA s prior conclusions regarding the safety and effectiveness of approved compounds, which could expedite
the development program for certain of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates by potentially decreasing the amount of
nonclinical and/or clinical data that they would need to generate in order to obtain FDA approval. 

28 

If
the FDA does not allow any of the Pharmaceutical Companies to pursue the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway as anticipated, they may
need to conduct additional nonclinical studies and/or clinical trials, provide additional data and information, and meet additional standards
for regulatory approval. If this were to occur, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval for such product candidates,
and complications and risks associated with such product candidates, would likely substantially increase. Moreover, inability to pursue
the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway could result in new competitive products reaching the market more quickly than any product candidates
the Pharmaceutical Companies are developing, which could adversely impact our competitive position and prospects. Even if the Pharmaceutical
Companies are allowed to pursue the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, we cannot assure you that any product candidates the Pharmaceutical
Companies develop will receive the requisite approval for commercialization. 

In
addition, notwithstanding the approval of a number of products by the FDA under Section 505(b)(2), certain pharmaceutical companies and
others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). If the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2) is
successfully challenged, the FDA may change its 505(b)(2) policies and practices, which could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving
any NDA that we submit under Section 505(b)(2). In addition, the pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and Section 505(b)(2)
NDAs are subject to certain requirements designed to protect the patent rights of sponsors of previously approved drugs that are referenced
in a Section 505(b)(2) NDA. These requirements may give rise to patent litigation and mandatory delays in approval of our NDAs for up
to 30 months or longer depending on the outcome of any litigation. It is not uncommon for a manufacturer of an approved product to file
a citizen petition with the FDA seeking to delay approval of, or impose additional approval requirements for, pending competing products.
If successful, such petitions can significantly delay, or even prevent, the approval of a new product. Even if the FDA ultimately denies
such a petition, the FDA may substantially delay approval while it considers and responds to the petition. In addition, even if the Pharmaceutical
Companies are able to utilize the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, there is no guarantee this would ultimately lead to streamlined
product development or earlier approval. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies may not be able to obtain orphan drug designation or obtain or maintain the benefits associated with orphan
drug designation, such as orphan drug exclusivity and, even if they do, that exclusivity may not prevent the FDA or other comparable
foreign regulatory authorities from approving competing products. 

As
part of their business strategy, the Pharmaceutical Companies may seek orphan drug designation, or ODD, for any eligible product candidates
they develop, but they may be unsuccessful in obtaining or maintaining the benefits of such designations. 

Regulatory
authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan
drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease
or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States, or
a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and
making available the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. Rafael Pharmaceuticals has received ODD for CPI-613 (devimistat)
for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, acute myeloid leukemia, myelodysplastic syndrome, Burkitt s lymphoma, peripheral T-cell
lymphomas, soft tissue sarcoma and biliary cancer. 

In
the United States, ODD entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs,
tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product that has ODD subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular
active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug
exclusivity in the United States provides that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA or other comparable
submission, to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical
superiority to the product with orphan product exclusivity or if FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not shown that
it can ensure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition
for which the product was designated. 

Even
if the Pharmaceutical Companies obtain ODD for a product candidate, they may not be able to obtain or maintain orphan drug exclusivity
for that product candidate. The Pharmaceutical Companies may not be the first to obtain marketing approval of any product candidate for
which they have obtained ODD for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical
products. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if the Pharmaceutical Companies seek approval for
an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation
was materially defective or if they are unable to ensure that they will be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of the product to
meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 

Further,
even if the Pharmaceutical Companies obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product
from competition because different drugs with different active ingredients be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug
is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically
superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care or the manufacturer of the product
with orphan exclusivity is unable to maintain sufficient product quantity. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time
or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the product candidate any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 

29 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain
or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized
in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 

The
ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding
levels, statutory, regulatory and policy changes, the FDA s ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of
user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the
FDA have fluctuated in recent years. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development
activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies
may also slow the time necessary for new drugs or modifications to approved drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government
agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December
22, 2018, the US government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical
FDA employees and stop critical activities. 

Separately,
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, on March 10, 2020 the FDA announced its intention to postpone most inspections of foreign manufacturing
facilities and products, and on March 18, 2020 the FDA temporarily postponed routine surveillance inspections of domestic manufacturing
facilities. Subsequently, on July 10, 2020, the FDA announced its intention to resume certain on-site inspections of domestic manufacturing
facilities subject to a risk-based prioritization system. The FDA intends to use this risk-based assessment system to identify the categories
of regulatory activity that can occur within a given geographic area, ranging from mission critical inspections to resumption of all
regulatory activities. Additionally, on April 15, 2021, the FDA issued a guidance document in which the FDA described its plans to conduct
voluntary remote interactive evaluations of certain drug manufacturing facilities and clinical research sites. According to the guidance,
the FDA intends to request such remote interactive evaluations in situations where an in-person inspection would not be prioritized,
deemed mission-critical, or where direct inspection is otherwise limited by travel restrictions, but where the FDA determines that remote
evaluation would be appropriate. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the
FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews or other regulatory activities, it could significantly
impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process the Pharmaceutical Companies regulatory
submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Even
if the Pharmaceutical Companies receive regulatory approval for any product candidate, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. 

Any
regulatory approvals that the Pharmaceutical Companies may receive for their product candidates will require the submission of reports
to regulatory authorities and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product, may contain significant limitations related
to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome post-approval study
or risk management requirements. For example, the FDA may require a REMS as a condition of approval of a product candidate, which could
include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted
distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory
authority approves a product candidate, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage,
advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our products will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements.
These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued
compliance with cGMP and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that are conducted post-approval. Manufacturers of approved products
and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic, unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities
for compliance with cGMP regulations and standards. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with marketed products, including
adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply
with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 

restrictions
on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

restrictions
on product distribution or use, or requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 

fines,
restitutions, disgorgement of profits or revenue, warning letters, untitled letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal
by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of approvals; 

product
seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our products; and 

injunctions
or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

30 

The
occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit the Pharmaceutical Companies ability to commercialize their product
candidates and generate revenue and could require the Pharmaceutical Companies to expend significant time and resources in response and
could generate negative publicity. 

The
FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could
prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates. We also cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States
or abroad. For example, the results of the 2020 US Presidential Election impacted our business and industry. Namely, the Trump administration
took several executive actions, including the issuance of a number of Executive Orders, that imposed significant burdens on, or otherwise
materially delayed, the FDA s ability to engage in routine oversight activities, such as implementing statutes through rulemaking,
issuance of guidance, and review and approval of marketing applications. It is difficult to predict whether or how these orders will
be will be rescinded and replaced under the Biden administration. The policies and priorities of any administration are unknown and could
materially impact the regulations governing our product candidates. If we or the Pharmaceutical Companies are slow or unable to adapt
to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or they are not able to maintain regulatory
compliance, we or they may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

The
FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 

If
any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates are approved and if they are found to have been improperly promoted for
unapproved uses of those products, the Pharmaceutical Companies may become subject to significant liability. The FDA and other regulatory
agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates, if approved. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other
regulatory agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If the Pharmaceutical Companies receive marketing approval
for a product candidate, physicians may nevertheless prescribe it to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved
label. If the Pharmaceutical Companies are found to have promoted such unapproved, or off-label, uses, they may become subject to significant
liability. The U.S. federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion of
off-label use and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter
into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If the Pharmaceutical
Companies cannot successfully manage the promotion of their product candidates, if approved, they could become subject to significant
liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Even
if any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates receive marketing approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market
acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

If
any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates receive marketing approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient
market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments
like chemotherapy and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these treatments.
If the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, the Pharmaceutical Companies
may not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the
efficacy, safety profile and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

the
approval, availability, market acceptance and reimbursement for the companion diagnostic; 

the
ability to offer the Pharmaceutical Companies medicines for sale at competitive prices; 

convenience
and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the
willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

ensuring
uninterrupted product supply; 

the
strength of marketing and distribution support; 

sufficient
third-party coverage or reimbursement; and 

the
prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

If
any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates are approved but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians,
hospitals, healthcare payors and patients, they may not generate or derive sufficient revenue from that product candidate and their financial
results could be negatively impacted. 

31 

We
are dependent upon third parties for a variety of functions. These arrangements may not provide us with the benefits we expect. 

We
rely on third parties to perform a variety of functions. We are party to numerous agreements that place substantial responsibility on
clinical research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, consultants and other service providers for the development of
our product candidates. We also rely on medical and academic institutions to perform aspects of our clinical trials of product candidates.
In addition, an element of our research and development strategy has been to in-license technology and product candidates from academic
and government institutions in order to minimize or eliminate investments in early research. We may not be able to enter new arrangements
without undue delays or expenditures, and these arrangements may not allow us to compete successfully. Moreover, if third parties do
not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct clinical trials in accordance with regulatory
requirements or applicable protocols, our product candidates may not be approved for marketing and commercialization or such approval
may be delayed. If that occurs, we or our collaborators will not be able, or may be delayed in our efforts, to commercialize our product
candidates. 

If,
in the future, the Pharmaceutical Companies are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third
parties to sell and market the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates, the Pharmaceutical Companies may not be successful
in commercializing their product candidates if and when they are approved. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure and have little experience in the sale, marketing or distribution
of pharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success for any approved medicine for which the Pharmaceutical Companies retain sales
and marketing responsibilities, they must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to other third
parties. In the future, the Pharmaceutical Companies may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to sell, or participate
in sales activities with their collaborators for, some of their product candidates if and when they are approved. 

There
are risks involved with both establishing the Pharmaceutical Companies own sales and marketing capabilities and entering into
arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time consuming
and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which the Pharmaceutical Companies recruit a
sales force and establishes marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, they would have prematurely or unnecessarily
incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if the Pharmaceutical Companies cannot
retain or reposition their sales and marketing personnel. 

Factors
that may inhibit the Pharmaceutical Companies efforts to commercialize their medicines on their own include: 

the
Pharmaceutical Companies inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the
inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future medicines; 

the
lack of complementary medicines to be offered by sales personnel, which may put them at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies
with more extensive product lines; 

our
inability to equip medical and sales personnel with effective materials, including medical and sales literature to help them educate
physicians and other healthcare providers regarding applicable diseases and our future products; 

our
inability to develop or obtain sufficient operational functions to support our commercial activities; and 

unforeseen
costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

If
the Pharmaceutical Companies enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, reimbursement and distribution services,
their product revenue or the profitability of product revenue to them are likely to be lower than if the Pharmaceutical Companies were
to market and sell any medicines that they develop themselves. In addition, the Pharmaceutical Companies may not be successful in entering
into arrangements with third parties to sell and market their product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable.
The Pharmaceutical Companies likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary
resources and attention to sell and market the Pharmaceutical Companies medicines effectively. If the Pharmaceutical Companies
do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on their own or in collaboration with third parties, the Pharmaceutical
Companies will not be successful in commercializing their product candidates. 

32 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies face substantial competition, and if their competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly
than the Pharmaceutical Companies do or that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the product candidates the Pharmaceutical
Companies develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis
on proprietary and novel products and product candidates. The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive.
The Pharmaceutical Companies face competition with respect to their current product candidates, and the Pharmaceutical Companies and
their collaborators will face competition with respect to any product candidates that they or their collaborators may seek to develop
or commercialize in the future, from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide.
There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development
of products for the treatment of the disease indications for which the Pharmaceutical Companies are developing their product candidates,
such as pancreatic cancer and acute myelogenous leukemia amongst others. Some of these competitive products and therapies are based on
scientific approaches that are similar to the Pharmaceutical Companies approach. Potential competitors also include academic institutions,
government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative
arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies are developing most of their initial product candidates for the treatment of cancer. There are a variety of
available drug therapies marketed for cancer. In many cases, these drugs are administered in combination to enhance efficacy, and cancer
drugs are frequently prescribed off-label by healthcare professionals. Some of the currently approved drug therapies are branded and
subject to patent protection, and others are available on a generic or biosimilar basis. Many of these approved drugs are well established
therapies and are widely accepted by physicians, patients and third-party payors. Insurers and other third-party payors may also encourage
the use of generic products. The Pharmaceutical Companies expect that if their product candidates are approved, they will be priced at
a significant premium over competitive generic or biosimilar products. This may make it difficult for them to achieve their business
strategy of using their product candidates in combination with existing therapies or replacing existing therapies with their product
candidates. 

We
and Rafael Pharmaceuticals are focused on an area known as cancer metabolism and there are also a number of product candidates in preclinical
or clinical development by third parties to treat cancer by targeting cancer metabolism. These companies include large pharmaceutical
companies, including, but not limited to, AstraZeneca plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Roche Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary Genentech, Inc.,
GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck Co., Novartis, Pfizer, Inc., and Genzyme, a Sanofi company. There are also biotechnology companies of
various sizes that are developing therapies to target cancer metabolism, including, but not limited to, 3V Biosciences, Threshold Pharmaceuticals,
Eleison Pharmaceuticals, Forma Therapeutics, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc., Calithera Biosciences, Inc.,
Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Forma Therapeutics Holdings LLC, Shire Biochem Inc., Raze Therapeutics, Inc. and Selvita S.A. 

LipoMedix
faces competition from (i) other liposome and nanomedicine products in solid tumors (for example, Doxil (Janssen), Onivyde (Ipsen), Abraxane
(Celgene)); (ii) other non-liposomal chemotherapeutic drugs in gastrointestinal malignancies recently developed or under development
(for example, TAS-102 (Taiho) in colorectal cancer); (iii) biological therapy (including small molecule kinase inhibitors) recently developed
or under development for colon cancer (for example, Regorafenib (Bayer)); (iv) immunotherapy approaches in gastrointestinal malignancies
(for example, Merck USA), antibodies and/or vaccinations; and (v) other large companies such as Roche. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies competitors may develop products that are more effective, safer, more convenient or less costly than
any that they are developing or that would render their product candidates obsolete or non-competitive. In addition, the Pharmaceutical
Companies competitors may discover biomarkers that more efficiently measure metabolic pathways than the Pharmaceutical Companies 
methods, which may give them a competitive advantage in developing potential products. The Pharmaceutical Companies competitors
may also obtain marketing approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities for their products more rapidly than the Pharmaceutical
Companies may obtain approval, which could result in the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors establishing a strong market position
before they are able to enter the market. 

Many
of the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development,
manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than the
Pharmaceutical Companies do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors. Smaller and other clinical stage companies
may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These
third parties compete with the Pharmaceutical Companies in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel,
establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to,
or necessary for, the Pharmaceutical Companies programs. 

33 

Even
if the Pharmaceutical Companies or their collaborators are able to commercialize any product candidates, such products may become subject
to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, which would harm the Pharmaceutical
Companies business. 

The
commercial success of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad,
on the extent to which the costs of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates will be paid by third-party payors, including
government health administration authorities and private health coverage insurers. If coverage and reimbursement is not available, or
reimbursement is available only to limited levels, the Pharmaceutical Companies, or any future collaborators, may not be able to successfully
commercialize the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount
may not be high enough to allow us, or any future collaborators, to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient
return on the Pharmaceutical Companies or their investments. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement
for products exists among third-party payors, and coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor.
As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require the Pharmaceutical Companies 
to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of their products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and
adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 

There
is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved drugs. Marketing approvals, pricing
and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug
before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted.
In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval
is granted. As a result, the Pharmaceutical Companies, or any future collaborators, might obtain marketing approval for a product in
a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time
periods, which may negatively impact the revenue the Pharmaceutical Companies are able to generate from the sale of the product in that
country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder the Pharmaceutical Companies ability or the ability of any future collaborators
to recoup the Pharmaceutical Companies or their investment in one or more product candidates, even if the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates obtain marketing approval. 

Patients
who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated
with their treatment. Therefore, the Pharmaceutical Companies ability, and the ability of any future collaborators, to commercialize
any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for
these products and related treatments will be available from third-party payors. Third-party payors decide which medications they will
cover and establish reimbursement levels. The healthcare industry is acutely focused on cost containment, both in the United States and
elsewhere. Government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of
reimbursement for particular medications, which could affect the Pharmaceutical Companies ability or that of any future collaborators
to sell the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates profitably. These payors may not view the Pharmaceutical Companies 
products, if any, as cost-effective, and coverage and reimbursement may not be available to the Pharmaceutical Companies customers,
or those of any future collaborators, or may not be sufficient to allow the Pharmaceutical Companies products, if any, to be marketed
on a competitive basis. Cost-control initiatives could cause us, or any future collaborators, to decrease the price the Pharmaceutical
Companies, or they, might establish for products, which could result in lower than anticipated product revenue. If the prices for the
Pharmaceutical Companies products, if any, decrease or if governmental and other third-party payors do not provide coverage or
adequate reimbursement, the Pharmaceutical Companies prospects for revenue and profitability will suffer. 

There
may also be delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the indications
for which the drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does
not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers the Pharmaceutical Companies costs, including research,
development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Reimbursement rates may vary, by way of example, according to the use of the product
and the clinical setting in which it is used. Reimbursement rates may also be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost
drugs or may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. 

In
addition, increasingly, third-party payors are requiring higher levels of evidence of the benefits and clinical outcomes of new technologies
and are challenging the prices charged. The Pharmaceutical Companies cannot be sure that coverage will be available for any product candidate
that they, or any future collaborator, commercializes and, if available, that the reimbursement rates will be adequate. Further, the
net reimbursement for drug products may be subject to additional reductions if there are changes to laws that presently restrict imports
of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. An inability to promptly obtain coverage and
adequate payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates
for which they, or any future collaborator, obtain marketing approval could significantly harm the Pharmaceutical Companies operating
results, the Pharmaceutical Companies ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and the Pharmaceutical Companies 
overall financial condition. 

Product
liability lawsuits against the Pharmaceutical Companies or their collaborators could cause substantial liabilities and could limit commercialization
of any medicines that the Pharmaceutical Companies or their collaborators may develop. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies and their collaborators face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if the Pharmaceutical Companies or they
commercially sell any medicines that the Pharmaceutical Companies or they may develop. If the Pharmaceutical Companies or their collaborators
cannot successfully defend themselves against claims that the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates or medicines caused
injuries, the Pharmaceutical Companies could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims
may result in: 

decreased
demand for any product candidates or medicines that the Pharmaceutical Companies may develop; 

injury
to the Pharmaceutical Companies reputation and significant negative media attention; 

34 

withdrawal
of clinical trial participants; 

significant
costs to defend the related litigation; 

substantial
monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

loss
of revenue; 

reduced
resources of the Pharmaceutical Companies management to pursue the Pharmaceutical Companies business strategy; and 

the
inability to commercialize any medicines that the Pharmaceutical Companies may develop. 

Although
the Pharmaceutical Companies maintain product liability insurance coverage, it may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that the
Pharmaceutical Companies may incur. We anticipate that the Pharmaceutical Companies will need to increase their insurance coverage as
they continue to run clinical trials and if they successfully commercialize any medicine. Insurance coverage in this setting is increasingly
expensive. The Pharmaceutical Companies may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate
to satisfy any liability that may arise. In addition, if one of their collaboration partners were to become subject to product liability
claims or were unable to successfully defend themselves against such claims, any such collaboration partner could be more likely to terminate
such relationships and therefore substantially limit the commercial potential of the Pharmaceutical Companies products. 

If
the Pharmaceutical Companies fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, they could become subject to
fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of their businesses. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory
procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. The Pharmaceutical Companies 
operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological and radioactive materials. The Pharmaceutical
Companies operations also produce hazardous waste products. The Pharmaceutical Companies generally contract with third parties
for the disposal of these materials and wastes. The Pharmaceutical Companies cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from
these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from their use of hazardous materials, the Pharmaceutical Companies
could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed their resources. The Pharmaceutical Companies also could
incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 

Although
the Pharmaceutical Companies maintain workers compensation insurance to cover them for costs and expenses they may incur due to
injuries to their employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential
liabilities. The Pharmaceutical Companies may not maintain adequate insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may
be asserted against them in connection with their storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 

In
addition, the Pharmaceutical Companies may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair the Pharmaceutical Companies research, development
or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

Current
and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for the Pharmaceutical Companies and any future collaborators to obtain marketing
approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies other product candidates and affect the prices obtained. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes
regarding the healthcare system that could, among other things, prevent or delay marketing approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
other product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect the Pharmaceutical Companies ability, or the
ability of any future collaborators, to profitably sell any products for which the Pharmaceutical Companies, or they, obtain marketing
approval. The Pharmaceutical Companies expect that current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the
future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the price that the Pharmaceutical Companies,
or any future collaborators, may receive for any approved products. 

For
example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation
Act, or collectively the ACA, was signed into law. Among the provisions of the ACA of potential importance to the Pharmaceutical Companies 
business and the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates are the following: 

an
annual, non-deductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; 

an
increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, or MDRP; 

a
new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the MDRP are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled,
implanted or injected; 

35 

expansion
of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the civil False Claims Act and the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative
powers and enhanced penalties for noncompliance; 

a
new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to now offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated
prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s
outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

extension
of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion
of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; 

expansion
of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; 

new
requirements to report certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals for eventual publication; 

a
new requirement to annually report drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians for eventual publication; 

a
new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research,
along with funding for such research; and 

a
Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models. 

Since
enactment of the ACA, there have been numerous executive and legal challenges and Congressional actions to repeal and replace provisions
of the law. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states
without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued
an Executive Order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health
insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The Executive Order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider
their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including, among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects
and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance
coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other healthcare reform measures of the Biden administrations or other efforts,
if any, to challenge repeal or replace the ACA, will impact the Pharmaceutical Companies businesses. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the U.S. Budget Control
Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions
went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2030, with
the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2021, unless additional Congressional action is taken.
Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices.
Specifically, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription
drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state
legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and
manufacturer patient assistance programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. 

At
the state level, individual states are increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control
pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain
product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other
countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures
to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs.
These measures could reduce the ultimate demand for the Pharmaceutical Companies products, once approved, or put pressure on our
product pricing. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could
limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand
or lower pricing for the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates, or additional pricing pressures. 

We
expect that healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, could have a material adverse effect on the Pharmaceutical
Companies industry generally and on our ability to maintain or increase sales of any of our product candidates that they successfully
commercialize. 

Legislative
and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical
products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations
will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition,
increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as
well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

36 

Risks
Related to Reliance on Third Parties 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies currently rely, and plan to rely on in the future, third parties to conduct and support their preclinical studies
and clinical trials. If these third parties do not properly and successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines,
the Pharmaceutical Companies may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize their product candidates. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies have utilized and plan to continue to utilize and depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such
as medical institutions, CROs, CMOs and strategic partners to conduct and support their preclinical studies and clinical trials under
written agreements. The Pharmaceutical Companies will generally have to negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs, trial sites and CMOs
and they may not be able to do so on favorable terms, which may result in delays to anticipated development timelines and increased costs. 

We
expect that the Pharmaceutical Companies will rely heavily on these third parties over the course of their preclinical studies and clinical
trials, and they will control only certain aspects of their activities. As a result, the Pharmaceutical Companies will have less direct
control over the conduct, timing and completion of these preclinical studies and clinical trials and the management of data developed
through preclinical studies and clinical trials than would be the case if they were relying entirely upon their own staff. Nevertheless,
the Pharmaceutical Companies are responsible for ensuring that each of their studies is conducted in accordance with applicable protocol,
legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.
The Pharmaceutical Companies and these third parties are required to comply with GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines
enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities
enforce these GCP requirements through periodic inspections, both announced and unannounced, of trial sponsors, principal investigators
and trial sites, and the corresponding books and records of such parties. 

If
the Pharmaceutical Companies or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated
in their clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require them to perform
additional clinical trials before approving any marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities
will determine that any of the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical trials comply with the GCP regulations. In addition, such clinical
trials must be conducted with pharmaceutical product produced under cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test patients.
The Pharmaceutical Companies failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient
number of patients may require us or them to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our
business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations
or healthcare privacy and security laws. 

Any
third parties conducting the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical trials will not be their employees and, except for remedies available
to them under our agreements with such third parties, the Pharmaceutical Companies cannot control whether or not any third-party personnel
will devote sufficient time and resources to the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates. These third parties may also have
relationships with other commercial entities, including competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other product
development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their
contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical
data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, the
Pharmaceutical Companies clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and they may not be able to complete development
of, obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize their product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the
commercial prospects would be adversely affected, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies currently rely and expect to rely in the future on the use of manufacturing suites in third-party facilities
or on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, and we may rely on third parties to produce and process our products, if approved.
Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to use third-party manufacturing suites or if the third-party manufacturers
fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of our product candidates or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 

We
do not currently own any facility that may be used as a clinical-scale manufacturing and processing facility and must currently rely
on outside vendors to manufacture the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates. The Pharmaceutical Companies have not yet caused
their product candidates to be manufactured on a commercial scale and may not be able to do so. We expect that our Pharmaceutical Companies
will need to negotiate and maintain contractual arrangements with these outside vendors for the supply of our product candidates and
they may not be able to do so on favorable terms. 

The
facilities used by contract manufacturers to manufacture approved products must also be approved by the FDA or other comparable foreign
regulatory authorities following inspections that will be conducted after the Pharmaceutical Companies submit an application to the FDA
or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The Pharmaceutical Companies may not control the manufacturing process of, and may
be completely dependent on, contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP requirements and any other regulatory requirements
of the FDA or other regulatory authorities for the manufacture of products and product candidates. Beyond periodic audits, the Pharmaceutical
Companies have no control over the ability of their contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and
qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of
any approved products or if it withdraws any approval in the future, the Pharmaceutical Companies may need to find alternative manufacturing
facilities, which would require the incurrence of significant additional costs and materially adversely affect the ability to develop,
obtain regulatory approval for or market any product candidates, if approved. Similarly, if any third-party manufacturers on which the
Pharmaceutical Companies will rely fail to manufacture quantities of their product candidates at quality levels necessary to meet regulatory
requirements and at a scale sufficient to meet anticipated demand at a cost that allows them to achieve profitability, our business,
financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

37 

The
anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to a number of risks, including the following: 

the
Pharmaceutical Companies may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers
is limited and the FDA must inspect any manufacturers for cGMP compliance as part of our marketing application; 

a
new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, the production of the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates; 

third-party
manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates or produce the quantity and quality
required to meet their clinical and commercial needs, if any; 

contract
manufacturers may not be able to execute the Pharmaceutical Companies manufacturing procedures and other logistical support requirements
appropriately; 

future
contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed, may not devote sufficient resources to the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates
or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply clinical trials or to successfully produce,
store and distribute approved products, if any; 

manufacturers
are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP
and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards and the Pharmaceutical Companies have no control over third-party
manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards; 

the
Pharmaceutical Companies may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by any third-party
manufacturers in the manufacturing process for the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates; 

third-party
manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreements with us or the Pharmaceutical Companies; 

raw
materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which the Pharmaceutical Companies have no other source
or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or component defects; 

contract
manufacturers and critical reagent suppliers may be subject to inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters; and 

contract
manufacturers may have unacceptable or inconsistent product quality success rates and yields, and the Pharmaceutical Companies will have
no direct control over contract manufacturers ability to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. 

Our
business could be materially adversely affected by business disruptions caused by third-party providers that could materially adversely
affect our potential future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Each of these risks could delay or prevent
the completion of the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical trials or the approval of any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product
candidates by the FDA, result in higher costs or adversely impact commercialization of any product candidates. 

We
may, in the future, form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances or enter into licensing arrangements, and we may not realize the
benefits of such collaborations, alliances or licensing arrangements. 

We
may, in the future, form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into licensing arrangements with
third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates and any future product candidates that we or they may develop. Any of these relationships may require
us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing
stockholders or disrupt our management and business. 

In
addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming and
complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for
any product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties
may not view such product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy and obtain marketing approval. 

38 

Further,
collaborations involving our product candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include the following: 

collaborators
have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a collaboration; 

collaborators
may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization
of our product candidates based on clinical trial results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products,
availability of funding or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators
may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial, abandon a product candidate, repeat
or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators
could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates; 

a
collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to their marketing and
distribution; 

collaborators
may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information
in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary
information or expose us to potential liability; 

disputes
may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of a product
candidate, or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

collaborations
may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization
of the applicable product candidates; and 

collaborators
may own or co-own intellectual property covering our products that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would
not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property. 

As
a result, if we enter into future collaboration agreements and strategic partnerships or out-license the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with
our existing operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot
be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the revenue or specific net income that justifies such
transaction. Furthermore, if conflicts arise between our future corporate or academic collaborators or strategic partners and us, the
other party may act in a manner adverse to us and could limit our ability to implement our strategies. Any delays in entering into future
collaborations or strategic partnership agreements related to our product candidates could delay the development and commercialization
of our product candidates in certain geographies for certain indications, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors may be subject, directly or indirectly,
to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare
laws and regulations. If they or their respective employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, or vendors violate
these laws, they could face substantial penalties. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies relationships with customers, physicians, and third-party payors may be subject, directly or indirectly,
to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare
laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our clinical research program, as well as our proposed and future sales,
marketing, and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services is subject to extensive
laws and regulations designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may
restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive, and other business
arrangements. The Pharmaceutical Companies may also be subject to federal, state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security
of identifiable patient information. The U.S. healthcare laws and regulations that may affect their ability to operate include, but are
not limited to: 

the
federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully, offering, paying,
soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for,
the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease, or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare,
Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of
value. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution,
the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or
recommendations, include any payments of more than fair market value, and may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception
or safe harbor. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate
it in order to have committed a violation; 

39 

federal
civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit,
among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from
Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal government programs that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making a false statement to improperly
avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government, including federal healthcare programs. In addition,
the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes
a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act and the civil monetary penalties statute; 

the
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal civil and criminal statutes
that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain,
by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody
or control of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing
or covering up by any trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements in
connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute,
a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
a violation; 

HIPAA,
as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and their respective implementing regulations,
which impose requirements on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, and
their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable
health information as well as their covered subcontractors; and 

the
federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for
which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report
annually to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists,
optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians
and their immediate family members. Beginning in 2022, such reporting obligations will include payments and other transfers of value
provided during the previous year to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist assistants,
certified registered nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse-midwives. 

The
Pharmaceutical Companies may also be subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others,
some of which may be broader in scope. For example, we may be subject to the following: state anti-kickback and false claims laws that
may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third party
payors, including private insurers, or that apply regardless of payor; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with
the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government;
state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other
healthcare providers, marketing expenditures, or drug pricing; state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales
and medical representatives; and state and foreign laws, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, governing
the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often
are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. Additionally, we may be subject to federal consumer protection and
unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, it is possible that
some of our business activities, or our arrangements with physicians, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It
is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct or business noncompliance, and the precautions we take to detect and
prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental
investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure
that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental
and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or
case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If the Pharmaceutical Companies or their respective
employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors violate these laws, we may be subject to investigations,
enforcement actions and/or significant penalties, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties,
damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare
programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight
if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws,
and curtailment of the Pharmaceutical Companies operations, any of which could adversely affect their ability to operate their
business and their results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above,
among other foreign laws. 

40 

Risks
Related to our Commercial Real Estate Business 

Economic,
regulatory, and socio-economic changes that impact the real estate market generally, or that could affect patterns of use of commercial
office space, may cause our operating results to suffer and decrease the value of our real estate properties. 

If
our properties do not generate income sufficient to meet operating expenses, and capital expenditures, it may cause our operating results
to suffer and decrease the value of our real estate properties. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the operating
performance and long- or short-term value of our properties: 

changes
 in the national, regional, and local economic climates, particularly in markets in which we have our properties; 

changes
 in the national, regional, and local political climates which may influence the demand for office space; 

local
 office submarket conditions such as changes in the supply of, or demand for, space in properties similar to those that we own within
 a particular area; 

changes
 in the patterns of office use due to technological advances which may make telecommuting more prevalent; 

the attractiveness
 of our properties to potential tenants; 

changes
 in interest rates and availability of permanent mortgage funds that may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive; 

the financial
 stability of our tenants, including bankruptcies, financial difficulties or lease defaults by our tenants; 

changes
 in operating costs and expenses, including costs for maintenance (planned and unplanned), insurance and real estate taxes, and our
 ability to control rents in light of such changes; 

the need
 to periodically fund the costs to repair, renovate and re-lease space; 

earthquakes,
 tornadoes, hurricanes, pandemics and other natural disasters, civil unrest, terrorist acts or acts of war, which may result in uninsured
 or underinsured losses, less demand for office space and financial health uncertainty of the building s tenancy; 

the current
 COVID-19 pandemic has had, and any future public health crises could have, serious adverse effects on leasing and on our tenant s
 operations and financial conditions; 

changes
 in, or increased costs of compliance with, governmental regulations, including those governing usage, zoning, the environment and
 taxes; and 

changes
 in accounting standards. 

Any
of these factors may prevent us from maintaining the value of our real estate properties. 

The
geography of our real estate holdings may make us particularly susceptible to adverse economic developments in the real estate markets
of those areas. 

In
addition to general, regional and national economic conditions, our operating results are impacted by the economic conditions in New
Jersey and Israel. Any adverse economic or real estate developments in New Jersey or Israel, such as business layoffs or downsizing,
industry slowdowns, relocations of businesses, changing demographics and other factors, or any decrease in demand for office space resulting
from the local business climate, could adversely affect our property revenue, and hence net operating income. 

41 

The
cost of complying with environmental and other governmental laws and regulations may adversely affect us. 

All
real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations (including those
of foreign jurisdictions) relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern
wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment,
transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. We also
are required to comply with various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations. Some of these laws and
regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants or owners for the costs of investigating or remediating contaminated properties.
These laws and regulations often impose liability whether or not the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the hazardous
or toxic substances. The cost of removing or remediating could be substantial. In addition, the presence of these substances, or the
failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent a property or to use the property as
collateral for borrowing. 

Environmental
laws and regulations also may impose restrictions on the manner in which properties may be used or businesses may be operated, and these
restrictions may require substantial expenditures by us. Environmental laws and regulations provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance
and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Third parties may seek recovery from owners
of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances. Compliance with
new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretations of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. For example,
various federal, regional and state laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of
climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, green building codes may seek to reduce emissions
through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy usage and efficiency, and waste management.
We are not aware of any such existing requirements that we believe will have a material impact on our current operations. However, future
requirements could increase the costs of maintaining or improving our existing properties or developing new properties. 

Our
costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act may affect cash available for our operations or to pay distributions
or make additional investments. 

Our
real properties are generally subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended. Under this Act, all places of public
accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The Act has separate compliance
requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities generally requiring that buildings and services
be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The Act s requirements could require removal of access barriers and
could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in some cases, an award of damages. We attempt to acquire
properties that comply with the Act or any relevant law or regulation of a foreign jurisdiction or place the burden on the seller or
other third-party, such as a tenant, to ensure compliance with those laws or regulations. However, we cannot assure you that we will
be able to acquire properties or allocate responsibilities in this manner. 

We
may be unable to renew leases or relet space as leases expire. 

If
tenants decide not to renew their leases upon expiration, we may not be able to relet the space. Even if tenants do renew or we can relet
the space, the terms of a renewal or new lease, taking into account among other things, the cost of improvements to the property and
leasing commissions, may be less favorable than the terms in the expired leases. In addition, changes in space utilization by tenants
may impact our ability to renew or relet space without the need to incur substantial costs in renovating or redesigning the internal
configuration of the relevant property. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the space at similar rates or if we incur
substantial costs in renewing or reletting the space, our cash flow and ability to service debt obligations and pay dividends and distributions
to security holders could be adversely affected. 

We
face significant competition for tenants. 

The
leasing of real estate is highly competitive. The principal competitive factors are rent, location, services provided and the nature
and condition of the property to be leased. We directly compete with all owners, developers and operators of similar space in the areas
in which our properties are located. Our commercial office properties are concentrated in New Jersey. There are number of competitive
office properties in which our properties are located, which may be newer or better located than our properties and could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to lease office space at our properties, and on the effective rents we are able to charge. 

42 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary technology and product candidates, if the scope of the patent protection obtained
is not sufficiently broad, or if the terms of our patents are insufficient to protect our product candidates for an adequate amount of
time, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully
commercialize our product candidates may be materially impaired. 

We
rely primarily upon a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret protection, and other intellectual property rights as well as
nondisclosure, confidentiality and other contractual agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our brands, product candidates,
and other proprietary technologies. Our success depends on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates,
if approved, and use our proprietary technologies without alleged or actual infringement, misappropriation or other violation of the
patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. There have been many lawsuits and other proceedings asserting patents
and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. We cannot assure you that our product candidates
will not infringe existing or future third-party patents. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and may be confidential
for 18 months or more after filing, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware and which may later result in issued
patents that we may infringe by commercializing our product candidates. There may also be issued patents or pending patent applications
that we are aware of, but that we think are irrelevant to our product candidates, which may ultimately be found to be infringed by the
manufacture, sale, or use of our product candidates. Moreover, we may face claims from non-practicing entities that have no relevant
product revenue and against whom our own patent portfolio may thus have no deterrent effect. In addition, many of our product candidates
have a complex structure that makes it difficult to conduct a thorough search and review of all potentially relevant third-party patents.
Because we have not yet conducted a formal freedom to operate analysis for patents related to our product candidates, we may not be aware
of issued patents that a third party might assert are infringed by one of our current or future product candidates, which could materially
impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates. Even if we diligently search third-party patents for potential infringement
by our products or product candidate, we may not successfully find patents that our products or product candidates may infringe. If we
are unable to secure and maintain freedom to operate, others could preclude us from commercializing our product candidates. 

The
process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable
patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations or
products and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions, and under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents
or other intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in scope and, in any event, any patent protection we obtain may be
limited. As a result, in some jurisdictions some of our products currently or in the future may not be, protected by patents. We generally
apply for patents in those countries where we intend to make, have made, use, offer for sale, or sell products and where we assess the
risk of infringement to justify the cost of seeking patent protection. However, we may not accurately predict all the countries where
patent protection would ultimately be desirable. If we fail to timely file a patent application in any such country or major market,
we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent
protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories in which we have patent
protection that may not be sufficient to terminate infringing activities. In addition, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies
on a product-by-product basis, from country to country, and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its
coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity
and enforceability of the patent. 

Furthermore,
we cannot guarantee that any patents will be issued from any pending or future owned or licensed patent applications, or that any current
or future patents will provide us with any meaningful protection or competitive advantage. Even if issued, existing or future patents
may be challenged, including with respect to ownership, narrowed, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented, any of which could
limit our ability to prevent competitors and other third parties from developing and marketing similar products or limit the length of
terms of patent protection we may have for our product candidates. Moreover, should we be unable to obtain meaningful patent coverage
for clinically relevant infusion rates in jurisdictions with commercially significant markets, our ability to extend and reinforce patent
protection for these product candidates in those jurisdictions may be adversely impacted, which could limit our ability to prevent competitors
and other third parties from developing and marketing similar products or limit the length of terms of patent protection we may have
for those product candidates. Other companies may also design around technologies we have patented, licensed or developed. In addition,
the issuance of a patent does not give us the right to practice the patented invention. Third parties may have blocking patents that
could prevent us from marketing our products or practicing our own patented technology. 

The
patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual
questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial
value of our patent rights may be uncertain. The standards that the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, and its
foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly. Changes in either the patent laws, implementing
regulations or the interpretation of patent laws may diminish the value of our rights. The legal systems of certain countries do not
protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies have encountered significant
problems in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. For example, patent laws in various jurisdictions, including
significant commercial markets such as Europe, restrict the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body more than United
States law does. In addition, many countries, including certain countries in Europe, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent
owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties (for example, the patent owner has failed to work the invention
in that country, or the third party has patented improvements). In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against
government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially
diminish the value of the patent. Moreover, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not
favor the aggressive enforcement of patent and other intellectual property protection, which makes it difficult to stop infringement. 

43 

Because
patent applications in the United States, Europe and many other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing,
or in some cases not at all, and because publications of discoveries in scientific literature lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot
be certain that we were the first to conceive or reduce to practice the inventions claimed in our issued patents or pending patent applications,
or that we were the first to file for protection of the inventions set forth in our patents or pending patent applications. We can give
no assurance that all of the potentially relevant art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found; overlooked prior
art could be used by a third party to challenge the validity, enforceability and scope of our patents or prevent a patent from issuing
from a pending patent application. As a result, we may not be able to obtain or maintain protection for certain inventions. Therefore,
the validity, enforceability and scope of our patents in the United States, Europe and in other countries cannot be predicted with certainty
and, as a result, any patents that we own or license may not provide sufficient protection against our competitors. 

Third
parties may challenge any existing patent or future patent we own or license through adversarial proceedings in the issuing offices or
in court proceedings, including as a response to any assertion of our patents against them. In any of these proceedings, a court or agency
with jurisdiction may find our patents invalid and/or unenforceable, or even if valid and enforceable, insufficient to provide protection
against competing products and services sufficient to achieve our business objectives. We may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance
submission of prior art to the USPTO, or reexamination by the USPTO if a third party asserts a substantial question of patentability
against any claim of a U.S. patent we own or license. The adoption of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, in
September 2011 established additional opportunities for third parties to invalidate U.S. patent claims, including inter partes review
and post-grant review proceedings. Outside of the United States, patents we own or license may become subject to patent opposition or
similar proceedings, which may result in loss of scope of some claims or the entire patent. In addition, such proceedings are very complex
and expensive, and may divert our management s attention from our core business. If any of our patents are challenged, invalidated,
circumvented by third parties or otherwise limited or expire prior to the commercialization of our products, and if we do not own or
have exclusive rights to other enforceable patents protecting our products or other technologies, competitors and other third parties
could market products and use processes that are substantially similar to, or superior to, ours and our business would suffer. 

The
degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately
protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep a competitive advantage. For example: 

others
may be able to develop products that are similar to, or better than, ours in a way that is not covered by the claims of our patents; 

we
might not have been the first to conceive or reduce to practice the inventions covered by our patents or pending patent applications; 

we
might not have been the first to file patent applications for our inventions; 

any
patents that we obtain may not provide us with any competitive advantages or may ultimately be found invalid or unenforceable; or 

we
may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

We
are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license as we are for
intellectual property that we own. We currently in-license certain intellectual property from third parties to be able to use such intellectual
property in our products and product candidates and to aid in our research activities. In the future, we may in-license intellectual
property from additional licensors. We may rely on certain of these licensors to file and prosecute patent applications and maintain,
or assist us in the maintenance of, patents and otherwise protect the intellectual property we license from them. We may have limited
control over these activities or any other intellectual property that may be related to our in-licensed intellectual property. For example,
we cannot be certain that such activities by these licensors have been or will be conducted diligently or in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. We may have limited control
over the manner in which our licensors initiate, or support our efforts to initiate, an infringement proceeding against a third-party
infringer of the intellectual property rights, or defend certain of the intellectual property that is licensed to us. If we or our licensors
fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could suffer. 

We
may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming
and unsuccessful. 

Competitors
may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intellectual property,
or those of our licensors. To counter infringement, misappropriation, unauthorized use or other violations, we may be required to file
legal claims, which can be expensive and time consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel.
In some cases, it may be difficult or impossible to detect third-party infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property
rights, even in relation to issued patent claims, and proving any such infringement may be even more difficult. 

44 

We
may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensees or any future licensors, infringement, misappropriation or other violations of
our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.
Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe
their patents. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace.
The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. We cannot be certain that there is no invalidating
prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party or a defendant were to prevail on a
legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of any future patent protection on our
current or future product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could harm our business. In addition, in a patent infringement
proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that
we do not have the right to stop the other party from exploiting the claimed subject matter at issue. There is also a risk that, even
if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the
right to stop the other party from exploiting its technology on the grounds that our patents do not cover such technology. An adverse
outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other
competitors, and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making, using, importing and selling similar or competitive
products. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition.
Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable,
or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we
could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 

In
any infringement, misappropriation or other intellectual property litigation, any award of monetary damages we receive may not be commercially
valuable. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there
is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. Moreover, there can be no assurance
that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years
before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the
attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. We may not
be able to detect or prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect
those rights as fully as in the United States. Our business could be harmed if in litigation the prevailing party does not offer us a
license on commercially reasonable terms. Any litigation or other proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights may fail, and
even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. 

Our
commercial success depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third
parties. 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are subject to rapid technological change and substantial litigation regarding patent and
other intellectual property rights. Our competitors in both the United States and abroad, many of which have substantially greater resources
and have made substantial investments in patent portfolios and competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained or may in the
future apply for or obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use and sell our product
candidates and services. Numerous third-party patents exist in the fields relating to our products and services, and it is difficult
for industry participants, including us, to identify all third-party patent rights relevant to our product candidates, services and technologies.
As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates
may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Moreover, because some patent applications are maintained as
confidential for a certain period of time, we cannot be certain that third parties have not filed patent applications that cover our
product candidates, services and technologies. Therefore, it is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require
us to alter our development or commercial strategies for our product candidates, or processes, or to obtain licenses or cease certain
activities. 

Patents
could be issued to third parties that we may ultimately be found to infringe. Third parties may have or obtain valid and enforceable
patents or proprietary rights that could block us from developing products using our technology. If any third-party patents were held
by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or
formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability
to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtain a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they
are determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Our failure to obtain or maintain a license to any technology that we require to
develop or commercialize our current and future product candidates, may materially harm our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Furthermore, we would be exposed to a threat of litigation. 

From
time to time, we may be party to, or threatened with, litigation or other proceedings with third parties, including non-practicing entities,
who allege that our product candidates, components of our product candidates, services, and/or proprietary technologies infringe, misappropriate
or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. The types of situations in which we may become a party to such litigation or
proceedings include: 

we
or our collaborators may initiate litigation or other proceedings against third parties seeking to invalidate the patents held by those
third parties or to obtain a judgment that our product candidates, or processes do not infringe those third parties patents; 

we
or our collaborators may participate at substantial cost in International Trade Commission proceedings to abate importation of third-party
products that would compete unfairly with our products; 

if
our competitors file patent applications that claim technology also claimed by us or our licensors, we or our licensors may be required
to participate in interference, derivation or opposition proceedings to determine the priority of invention, which could jeopardize our
patent rights and potentially provide a third party with a dominant patent position; 

45 

if
third parties initiate litigation claiming that our processes or product candidates, infringe their patent or other intellectual property
rights, we and our collaborators will need to defend against such proceedings; 

if
third parties initiate litigation or other proceedings, including inter partes reviews, oppositions or other similar agency proceedings,
seeking to invalidate patents owned by or licensed to us or to obtain a declaratory judgment that their products, services, or technologies
do not infringe our patents or patents licensed to us, we will need to defend against such proceedings; 

we
may be subject to ownership disputes relating to intellectual property, including disputes arising from conflicting obligations of consultants
or others who are involved in developing our product candidate; and 

if
a license to necessary technology is terminated, the licensor may initiate litigation claiming that our processes or product candidates
infringe or misappropriate its patent or other intellectual property rights and/or that we breached our obligations under the license
agreement, and we and our collaborators would need to defend against such proceedings. 

These
lawsuits and proceedings, regardless of merit, are time-consuming and expensive to initiate, maintain, defend or settle, and could divert
the time and attention of managerial and technical personnel, which could materially adversely affect our business. Any such claim could
also force use to do one or more of the following: 

incur
substantial monetary liability for infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights, which we may have to pay if a court
decides that the product candidate, service, or technology at issue infringes or violates the third party s rights, and if the
court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay up to treble damages and the third party s attorneys 
fees; 

pay
substantial damages to our customers or end users to discontinue use or replace infringing technology with non-infringing technology; 

stop
manufacturing, offering for sale, selling, using, importing, exporting or licensing the product or technology incorporating the allegedly
infringing technology or stop incorporating the allegedly infringing technology into such product, service, or technology; 

obtain
from the owner of the infringed intellectual property right a license, which may require us to pay substantial upfront fees or royalties
to sell or use the relevant technology and which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; 

redesign
our product candidates, services, and technology so they do not infringe or violate the third party s intellectual property rights,
which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time; 

enter
into cross-licenses with our competitors, which could weaken our overall intellectual property position; 

lose
the opportunity to license our technology to others or to collect royalty payments based upon successful protection and assertion of
our intellectual property against others; 

find
alternative suppliers for non-infringing products and technologies, which could be costly and create significant delay; or 

relinquish
rights associated with one or more of our patent claims, if our claims are held invalid or otherwise unenforceable. 

Some
of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation more effectively than we can because
they have substantially greater resources. In addition, intellectual property litigation, regardless of its outcome, may cause negative
publicity, adversely impact prospective customers, cause product shipment delays, or prohibit us from manufacturing, marketing or otherwise
commercializing our products, services and technology. Any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional funds or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operation, financial condition or cash flows. 

In
addition, we may indemnify our customers and distributors against claims relating to the infringement of intellectual property rights
of third parties related to our product candidates. Third parties may assert infringement claims against our customers or distributors.
These claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers or distributors, regardless
of the merits of these claims. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, suppliers
or distributors, or may be required to obtain licenses for the product candidates, or services they use. If we cannot obtain all necessary
licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our products or services. 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements
of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could have a material adverse effect on the price
of our common stock. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect
on the price of our common stock. The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operation, financial condition or cash flows. 

46 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 

In
addition to patent and trademark protection, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary
information, to maintain our competitive position. Because we expect to rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates,
and we expect to continue to collaborate with third parties on the development of our product candidates, we must, at times, share trade
secrets with them. We seek to protect our trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with
parties who have access to them prior to disclosing our proprietary information, such as our consultants and vendors, or our former or
current employees. These agreements typically limit the rights of third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, including
our trade secrets. We also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. Despite
these efforts, however, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets and other unpatented or unregistered
proprietary information, and once disclosed, we are likely to lose trade secret protection. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures
of our intellectual property is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property will
be effective. In addition, we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for any such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally
disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition,
some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to enforce trade secret protection. A competitor s
discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and
financial condition. Additionally, we cannot be certain that competitors will not gain access to our trade secrets and other proprietary
confidential information or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. 

Changes
in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our existing and future product
candidates and processes. 

As
is the case with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly
patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries involves both technological and legal complexity,
and is therefore costly, time consuming, and inherently uncertain. In addition, the United States has recently enacted and is currently
implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding
the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith
Act was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that
affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art, may affect patent litigation, and switched the United States patent
system from a first-to-invent system to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system,
assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled
to the patent on an invention regardless of whether another inventor had conceived or reduced to practice the invention earlier. The
USPTO recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive
changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, in particular, the first-to-file provisions, only became effective on March
16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. The Leahy-Smith
Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the
enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

In
addition, patent reform legislation may pass in the future that could lead to additional uncertainties and increased costs surrounding
the prosecution, enforcement and defense of our patents and pending patent applications. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed
the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Furthermore,
the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have made, and will likely continue to make, changes in
how the patent laws of the United States are interpreted. Similarly, foreign courts have made, and will likely continue to make, changes
in how the patent laws in their respective jurisdictions are interpreted. We cannot predict future changes in the interpretation of patent
laws or changes to patent laws that might be enacted into law by United States and foreign legislative bodies. Those changes may materially
affect our patents or patent applications and our ability to obtain additional patent protection in the future. 

The
United States federal government retains certain rights in inventions produced with its financial assistance under the Patent and Trademark
Law Amendments Act, or the Bayh-Dole Act. The federal government retains a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up
license for its own benefit. The Bayh-Dole Act also provides federal agencies with march-in rights. March-in rights
allow the government, in specified circumstances, to require the contractor or successors in title to the patent to grant a nonexclusive,
partially exclusive, or exclusive license to a responsible applicant or applicants. If the patent owner refuses
to do so, the government may grant the license itself. We partner with a number of universities, including the University of Iowa and
the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, with respect to certain of our research, development and manufacturing. While it
is our policy to avoid engaging our university partners in projects in which there is a risk that federal funds may be commingled, we
cannot be sure that any co-developed intellectual property will be free from government rights pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act. If, in
the future, we co-own or license in technology which is critical to our business that is developed in whole or in part with federal funds
subject to the Bayh-Dole Act, our ability to enforce or otherwise exploit patents covering such technology may be adversely affected. 

47 

If
we do not obtain patent term extensions in the United States under the Hatch-Waxman Act and in foreign countries under similar legislation
with respect to our product candidates, thereby potentially extending the term of marketing exclusivity for such product candidates,
our business may be harmed. 

In
the United States, a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug or biologic may be eligible for a term extension designed to restore the
period of the patent term that is lost during the premarket regulatory review process conducted by the FDA. Depending upon the timing,
duration and conditions of FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited
patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Act, which permits
a patent term extension of up to a maximum of five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent if the patent is eligible for such
an extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act as compensation for patent term lost during development and the FDA regulatory review process,
which is limited to the approved indication (and potentially additional indications approved during the period of extension) covered
by the patent. This extension is limited to only one patent that covers the approved product, the approved use of the product, or a method
of manufacturing the product. However, the applicable authorities, including the FDA and the USPTO in the United States, and any equivalent
regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to
grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. 

We
may not receive an extension if we fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or
otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Even if we are granted such extension, the duration of such extension may be less
than our request and the patent term may still expire before or shortly after we receive FDA marketing approval. If we are unable to
extend the expiration date of our existing patents or obtain new patents with longer expiry dates, our competitors may be able to take
advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data to obtain approval of
competing products following our patent expiration and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 

Obtaining
and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

The
USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and
other similar provisions during the patent application process. In addition, periodic maintenance fees on issued patents often must be
paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies over the lifetime of the patent. While an unintentional lapse can in many cases be cured
by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result
in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction.
Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure
to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal
documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates, or procedures, we may not be able
to stop a competitor from marketing products that are the same as or similar to our own, which would have a material adverse effect on
our business. 

If
our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest
and our business may be adversely affected. 

We
have not yet registered trademarks for a commercial trade name for our product candidate(s), including in the United States or elsewhere.
During trademark registration proceedings, our trademark application(s) may be rejected. Although we are given an opportunity to respond
to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign
jurisdictions, third parties can oppose pending trademark applications and seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation
proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. Moreover, any name we propose to
use with our product candidate(s) in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied
to register it, as a trademark. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for
confusion with other product names. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed proprietary product names, we may be required to expend
significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable substitute name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws,
not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. 

Our
registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined to be
infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order to build
name recognition with potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. In addition, third parties have used trademarks similar
and identical to our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions, and have filed or may in the future file for registration of such trademarks.
If they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such third-party
rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to market our products in those countries. In any case, if we are unable to establish
name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely
affected. 

48 

We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Certain
of our key patent families have been filed in the United States, as well as in numerous jurisdictions outside the United States. However,
our intellectual property rights in certain jurisdictions outside the United States may be less robust. The laws of some foreign countries
do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, the requirements for patentability
may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries, and we may be unable to obtain issued patents that contain claims
that adequately cover or protect our current or future product candidates. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting
and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, particularly developing
countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, especially those relating to life sciences.
This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property
rights. For example, many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties.
In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors.
In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. 

Proceedings
to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts
and attention from other aspects of our business. Furthermore, while we intend to protect our intellectual property rights in our expected
significant markets, we cannot ensure that we will be able to initiate or maintain similar efforts in all jurisdictions in which we may
wish to market current or future product candidates. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our technology
in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our technology in and into those other jurisdictions
where we do not have intellectual property rights. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent
protection to develop their own products and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but
where enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates, and our patents
or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Accordingly, our efforts to
protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by
courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain and enforce adequate intellectual property protection
for our technology. 

We
may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent
which might adversely affect our ability to develop and market our product candidates. 

We
cannot guarantee that any of our or our licensors patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents,
the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified
each and every third-party patent and pending application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization
of our product candidates. For example, U.S. patent applications filed before November 29, 2000 and certain U.S. patent applications
filed after that date that will not be filed outside the United States remain confidential until patents issue. Patent applications in
the United States and elsewhere are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such
earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our product candidates
could have been filed by others without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject
to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our product candidates or the use of our products. The scope of
a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history.
Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our
ability to market our product candidates. We may incorrectly determine that our product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent
or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination
of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively
impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates, and services. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant
patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates, and services. 

If
we fail to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents, we may be subject to infringement claims. We cannot guarantee that we will
be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such infringement claims. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced
to pay damages, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our product candidates that are held to be
infringing. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign products, product candidates, or services so that we no longer infringe
the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert
substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business. 

Patent
terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 

Patents
have a limited lifespan, and the protection patents afford is limited. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid,
the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Even if patents covering
our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for patents covering a product or product candidate, we may be
open to competition from competitive products and services. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights
to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 

49 

Intellectual
property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our business. 

While
we seek broad coverage under our existing patent applications, there is always a risk that an alteration to products or processes may
provide sufficient basis for a competitor to avoid infringing our patent claims. In addition, patents, if granted, expire and we cannot
provide any assurance that any potentially issued patents will adequately protect our product candidates. Once granted, patents may remain
open to invalidity challenges including opposition, interference, re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, nullification
or derivation action in court or before patent offices or similar proceedings for a given period after allowance or grant, during which
time third parties can raise objections against such grant. In the course of such proceedings, which may continue for a protracted period
of time, the patent owner may be compelled to limit the scope of the allowed or granted claims thus attacked, or may lose the allowed
or granted claims altogether. 

In
addition, the degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because even granted intellectual
property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, provide a barrier to entry against our competitors or
potential competitors or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. Moreover, if a third party has intellectual property rights
that cover the practice of our technology, we may not be able to fully exercise or extract value from our intellectual property rights.
The following examples are illustrative: 

others
may be able to develop and/or practice technology that is similar to our technology or aspects of our technology, but that are not covered
by the claims of the patents that we own or control, assuming such patents have issued or do issue; 

we
or our licensors or any future strategic partners might not have been the first to conceive or reduce to practice the inventions covered
by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we
or our licensors or any future strategic partners might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others
may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual
property rights; 

it
is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued
patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantage, or may be held invalid or unenforceable,
as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our
competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information
learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

third
parties performing manufacturing or testing for us using our product candidates, including technologies could use the intellectual property
of others without obtaining a proper license; 

parties
may assert an ownership interest in our intellectual property and, if successful, such disputes may preclude us from exercising exclusive
rights over that intellectual property; 

we
may not develop or in-license additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

we
may not be able to obtain and maintain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; and 

the
patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should
any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

We
may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information
of their former employers or other third parties. 

We
do and may employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including
our licensors, competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and independent contractors
do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, and we are not currently subject to any claims that
our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties, we
may in the future be subject to such claims. 

Litigation
may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we
may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Such intellectual property rights could be awarded to a third party, and
we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to commercialize our technology or product candidates. Such a license
may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation
could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees, and could result in customers seeking other
sources for the technology, or in ceasing from doing business with us. 

50 

Our
intellectual property agreements with third parties may be subject to disagreements over contract interpretation, which could narrow
the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology. 

Certain
provisions in our intellectual property agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation
disagreement that may arise could affect the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or affect financial
or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

In
addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development
of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an
agreement with each party who in fact conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. To the extent that we fail
to obtain such assignments, such assignments do not contain a self-executing assignment of intellectual property rights or such assignment
agreements are breached, we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine
the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property and this may interfere with our ability to capture the commercial value
of such intellectual property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may
lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Such intellectual property rights could be awarded to a third party, and we
could be required to obtain a license from such third party to commercialize our technology or products. Such a license may not be available
on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could
result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific personnel. Disputes regarding ownership or inventorship
of intellectual property can also arise in other contexts, such as collaborations and sponsored research. We may be subject to claims
that former collaborators or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. If we are
subject to a dispute challenging our rights in or to patents or other intellectual property, such a dispute could be expensive and time-consuming.
If we are unsuccessful, we could lose valuable rights in intellectual property that we regard as our own. 

We
may not be successful in obtaining necessary intellectual property rights to future products through acquisitions and in-licenses. 

Although
we intend to develop products and technology through our own internal research, we may also seek to acquire or in-license technologies
to grow our product offerings and technology portfolio. However, we may be unable to acquire or in-license intellectual property rights
relating to, or necessary for, any such products or technology from third parties on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In that
event, we may be unable to develop or commercialize such products or technology. We may also be unable to identify products or technology
that we believe are an appropriate strategic fit for our Company and protect intellectual property relating to, or necessary for, such
products and technology. 

The
in-licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights for product candidates is a competitive area, and a number of
more established companies are also pursuing strategies to in-license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights for products
that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size,
cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. Furthermore, companies that perceive us to be a competitor
may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to additional technologies or products,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects for growth could suffer. 

In
addition, we expect that competition for the in-licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights for products and
technologies that are attractive to us may increase in the future, which may mean fewer suitable opportunities for us as well as higher
acquisition or licensing costs. We may be unable to in-license or acquire the third-party intellectual property rights for products or
technology on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. 

Risks
Related to Employee Matters, Managing Our Growth and Other Risks Related to Our Business 

Public
health threats could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations and financial results. 

In
2020, a strain of novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, was declared a pandemic and spread across the world, including throughout the
United States, Europe and Asia. The pandemic and government measures taken in response have also had a significant impact, both direct
and indirect, on businesses and commerce, as worker shortages have occurred, supply chains have been disrupted, and facilities and production
have been suspended. 

The
impacts on the operations and specifically the ongoing clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies have been actively managed by
respective pharmaceutical management teams who have worked closely with the appropriate regulatory agencies to continue clinical trial
activities with as minimal impact as possible, including receiving waivers for certain clinical trial activities from the respective
regulatory agencies to continue the studies. 

In
the earlier days of the pandemic s impact, Rafael Pharmaceuticals experienced certain delays in enrollment in certain of clinical
trials. We believe, however, that those trials enrollment goals were ultimately attained in a timely manner. 

51 

We
have implemented a number of measures to protect the health and safety of our workforce including a mandatory work-from-home policy for
our workforce who can perform their jobs from home as well as restrictions on business travel and workplace and in-person meetings. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience further disruptions that could severely impact our business, preclinical studies
and clinical trials, including: 

delays
in receiving approval from local regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 

delays
or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; 

delays
or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 

diversion
of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial
sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 

risk
that participants enrolled in our clinical trials or related staff will acquire COVID-19 while the clinical trial is ongoing, which could
impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; 

interruption
of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by
federal or state governments, employers and others or interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures (such as endoscopies
that are deemed non-essential), which may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints; 

interruption
or delays in the operations of the FDA, which may impact approval timelines; 

interruption
of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing or supply
shortages, production slowdowns, global shipping delays or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems; 

limitations
on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including because
of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people. 

refusal
of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies; 

impacts
from prolonged remote work arrangements, such as increased cybersecurity risks and strains on our business continuity plans; and 

delays
or difficulties with equity offerings due to disruptions and uncertainties in the securities market 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could also negatively impact our real estate business in a number of ways, including: 

the
financial condition of our tenants and their ability or willingness to pay rent in full on a timely basis; 

the
impact on rents and demand for office and retail space; 

a
complete or partial closure of operations resulting from government action; 

the
impact of new regulations or norms on physical space needs and expectations; 

the
effectiveness of governmental measures aimed at slowing and containing the spread; 

the
extent and terms associated with governmental relief programs; 

the
ability of debt and equity markets to function and provide liquidity; 

the
ability to avoid delays or cost increases associated with building materials or construction services necessary for development, redevelopment
and tenant improvements; and 

our
tenants ability to ensure business continuity in the event a continuity of operations plan is not effective or improperly implemented. 

Due
to both known and unknown risks, including quarantines, closures and other restrictions resulting from the outbreak, our operations and
those of our holdings may be adversely impacted. Additionally, as there is an evolving nature to the COVID-19 situation, we cannot reasonably
assess or predict at this time the full extent of the negative impact that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. The impact will depend on future developments such as the ultimate duration and the
severity of the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and globally, the effectiveness of federal, state, local and foreign government
actions on mitigation and spread of COVID-19, the pandemic s impact on the U.S. and global economies, changes in our customers 
behavior emanating from the pandemic and how quickly we can resume our normal operations, among others. For all these reasons, we may
incur expenses or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

52 

Our
success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled executive officers and employees. 

To
succeed, we must recruit, retain, manage and motivate qualified clinical, scientific, technical and management personnel, and we face
significant competition for experienced personnel. We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific
and medical staff. If we do not succeed in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly at the management level, it could
adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and harm our operating results. In particular, the loss of one or more of our
executive officers could be detrimental to us if we cannot recruit suitable replacements in a timely manner. The competition for qualified
personnel in the biotechnology field is intense and as a result, we may be unable to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel
necessary for the future success of our business. We could in the future have difficulty attracting experienced personnel to our company
and may be required to expend significant financial resources in our employee recruitment and retention efforts. 

Many
of the other biotechnology companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different
risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better prospects
for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we have to offer. If
we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can discover, develop and commercialize
our product candidates will be limited and the potential for successfully growing our business will be harmed. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, result in more litigation and divert management s attention. 

As
a public company, we are and will continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Complying with
these rules and regulations has increased and will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult,
time consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file
annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are required
to disclose changes made in our internal control over financial reporting on a quarterly basis. In order to maintain and, if required,
improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources
and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which
could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may also need to hire additional employees or engage outside consultants
to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. 

In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for
public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity and, as a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty
regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We have invested
and intend to continue to invest in resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result
in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities
to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory
or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings
against us and our business may be adversely affected. 

These
new rules and regulations may make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and, in the future, we
may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more
difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and
compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. By disclosing information in filings required of us as a public company, our
business and financial condition will continue to become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation,
including by competitors and other third parties. If those claims are successful, our business could be seriously harmed. Even if the
claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, the time and resources needed to resolve them could divert our management s
resources and seriously harm our business. 

If
we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations,
meet our reporting obligations or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting,
which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure
controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting
firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may
require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement.
Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative
effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We
are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to
assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company, our independent registered
public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404. We could be an emerging growth company until the end of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our initial
registration statement filed related to our Spin-Off from IDT, or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company
and, if we do, the information that we provide stockholders may be different than you might receive from other public companies in which
you hold equity. We would cease to be an emerging growth company if we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue, have more than
 700 million in market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible
debt over a three-year period. 

53 

An
independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting could detect problems that our management s
assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting could lead to restatements of
our financial statements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 

Additionally,
ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject
us to potential delisting from the stock exchange on which we list, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. 

The
relationships between Howard S. Jonas and IDT Corporation, Genie Energy and Rafael Pharmaceuticals, Inc. could conflict with our stockholders 
interests. 

Howard
S. Jonas, Chairman of our Board of Directors and our former Chief Executive Officer is also the chairman of IDT Corporation and Chairman
of the Board of Genie and holds certain direct and indirect interests in Rafael Pharmaceuticals in addition to his interests through
ownership of our common stock. These relationships may cause a conflict of interest with our stockholders. 

Insurance
policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to uninsured liabilities. 

Some
of the insurance policies we currently maintain include general liability, employment practices liability, property, product liability,
workers compensation, umbrella, and directors and officers insurance. These policies may not adequately cover all
categories of risk that our business may encounter. 

Any
additional product liability insurance coverage we acquire in the future may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses
we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and in the future we may not be able to maintain insurance
coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If we obtain marketing approval
for any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates, we intend to acquire insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial
products; however, we may be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. A
successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our share price to decline and, if judgments exceed
our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business, including preventing or limiting the development
and commercialization of any product candidates we develop. We may not carry adequate specific biological or hazardous waste insurance
coverage, and our property, casualty and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising
from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable
for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be
suspended. 

We
also expect that operating as a public company will make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same
or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our board of directors,
our board committees or as executive officers. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain existing insurance with adequate
levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our cash
position and results of operations. 

We
rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including
any cyber security incidents, could harm our ability to operate our and the Pharmaceutical Companies businesses effectively. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our and the Pharmaceutical Companies internal computer systems and those of third parties
with which we and the Pharmaceutical Companies contract are vulnerable to damage from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access,
natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. System failures, accidents or security breaches could
cause interruptions in our and the Pharmaceutical Companies operations, and could result in a material disruption of their clinical
and commercialization activities and business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to
remedy. The loss of clinical trial data could result in delays in our and the Pharmaceutical Companies regulatory approval efforts
and significantly increase their costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to
result in a loss of, or damage to, our or the Pharmaceutical Companies data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential
or proprietary information, we and the Pharmaceutical Companies could incur liability and their product research, development and commercialization
efforts could be delayed. 

Our
insurance policies may not be adequate to compensate us for the potential losses arising from any such disruption, failure or security
breach. In addition, such insurance may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Further, our
insurance may not cover all claims made against us and could have high deductibles in any event, and defending a suit, regardless of
its merit, could be costly and divert management attention. 

54 

Risks
Related to the Merger 

The
parties may not realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Merger. 

While
we and Rafael Pharmaceuticals will continue to operate independently until the completion of the Merger, the success of the Merger will
depend, in part, on our and Rafael Pharmaceuticals ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining
our and Rafael Pharmaceutical s businesses. The parties ability to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings is
subject to certain risks, including, among others: 

the
parties ability to successfully combine their respective businesses; 

the
risk that the combined businesses will not perform as expected; 

the
extent to which the parties will be able to realize the expected synergies, which include realizing potential savings from re-assessing priority
assets and aligning investments, eliminating duplication and redundancy, adopting an optimized operating model between both companies
and leveraging scale, and creating value resulting from the combination of our and Rafael Pharmaceuticals businesses; 

the
possibility that the combined company will not achieve the free cash flow that the parties have projected; 

the
reduction of cash available for operations and other uses and the incurrence of indebtedness to finance the Merger; 

the
assumption of our known and unknown liabilities, including potential tax and employee-related liabilities; and 

the
possibility of costly litigation challenging the Merger. 

If
we and Rafael Pharmaceuticals are not able to successfully integrate their businesses within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the
anticipated cost savings, synergies operational efficiencies and other benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully or may take longer
to realize than expected, and the combined company may not perform as expected. 

Failure
to complete the Merger could negatively impact our stock price and the future business and financial results. 

The
parties respective obligations to complete the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement. There can be no assurance that the conditions to completion of the Merger will be satisfied or waived
or that the Mergers will be completed. If the Merger is not completed for any reason, our and Rafael Pharmaceuticals ongoing businesses
may be materially and adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the Merger, we and Rafael Pharmaceuticals
would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

we
may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on trading prices of our Class B Common
Stock and from its customers, vendors, regulators and employees; 

we
may be required to pay certain expenses incurred in connection with the Merger, whether or not the Merger is completed; 

the
Merger Agreement places certain restrictions on the operation of our business prior to the closing of the Merger, and such restrictions,
the waiver of which is subject to the consent of the other parties, may prevent us from making certain acquisitions, taking certain other
specified actions or otherwise pursuing business opportunities during the pendency of the Merger that we would have made, taken or pursued
if these restrictions were not in place; and 

matters
relating to the Merger (including integration planning) will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management
and the expenditure of significant funds in the form of fees and expenses, which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations
and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an independent company. 

In
addition, each of us and Rafael Pharmaceuticals could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the Merger or related
to any proceeding to specifically enforce our or Rafael Pharmaceuticals obligations under the Merger Agreement. If any of these
risks materialize, they may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, financial results and stock prices. 

For
additional risk factors related to the Merger, please see the Risk Factors section of our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No.
333-259524) filed with the SEC on September 14, 2021. 

55 

Risks
Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will
depend on appreciation of the value of our common stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our equity securities. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings
for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable
future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to any appreciation in the value of our common stock, which is not certain. 

Eight
trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters of Howard S. Jonas, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors,
hold shares that, in the aggregate, represent more than a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which
may limit the ability of other stockholders to affect our management. 

Eight
trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters of Howard S. Jonas, or the Trusts, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board, collectively have voting power over 5,126,612 shares of our common stock (which includes 787,163 shares of our Class A common
stock, which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis, and 4,339,449 shares of our Class B common stock),
representing approximately 69 of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, as of July 31, 2021. In addition, as of
July 31, 2021, Howard S. Jonas holds 101,254 shares of our Class B common stock. Each of the Trusts has a different, independent trustee.
We are not aware of any voting agreement between or among any of the Trusts and/or Howard S. Jonas, but if such a voting agreement or
other similar arrangement exists or were to be consummated, or if all or several or all of the Trusts were to act in concert, certain
or all of the Trusts and/or Howard S. Jonas would be able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election
of all of the directors and the approval of significant corporate matters, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our management may be limited. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large
number of shares of common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. Outstanding shares of our
common stock may be freely sold in the public market at any time to the extent permitted by Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act,
or to the extent that such shares have already been registered under the Securities Act and are held by non-affiliates of ours. Moreover,
holders of a substantial number of shares of our common stock have rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration
statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders.
We also have registered all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans or that are issuable upon exercise
of outstanding options. These shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance and once vested, subject to volume limitations
applicable to affiliates. If any of these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market,
the market price of our common stock could decline. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier
of (a) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more, (b) the last day of the
fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our Spin-Off (July 31, 2023), (c) the date on which we have
issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years, or (d) the date on which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. For so long as we remain an emerging growth
company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include: 

not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404; 

an
exemption from compliance with the requirement of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the communication of critical
audit matters in the auditor s report on the financial statements; 

reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and 

exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. 

We
may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of the available exemptions. In particular, we have not included all of the executive
compensation information that would be required if we were not an emerging growth company. We cannot predict whether investors will find
our common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our shares price may be more volatile. 

56 

Under
the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the extended transition period for adopting new or revised accounting standards
under the JOBS Act as an emerging growth company. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. 

We
are a smaller reporting company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are considered a smaller reporting company. We are therefore entitled to rely on certain reduced disclosure requirements,
such as an exemption from providing selected financial data and executive compensation information. These exemptions and reduced disclosures
in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze our results of operations
and financial prospects. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and
our stock prices may be more volatile. 

General
Risk Factors 

If
we engage in future acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause
us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 

From
time to time, we may evaluate various acquisition opportunities and strategic collaborations, including licensing or acquiring complementary
products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any potential acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous
risks, including: 

increased
operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the
assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

the
issuance of our equity securities; 

assimilation
of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

the
diversion of our management s attention from our existing programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition; 

retention
of key employees, the loss of key personnel and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

risks
and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products
or product candidates and marketing approvals; and 

our
inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition
or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or pursue collaborations
in the future, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible
assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. Moreover, we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities,
and this inability could impair our ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development
of our business. 

Investors
may suffer dilution. 

We
may engage in equity financing to fund our future operations and growth or issue equity securities in commercial or other transactions.
If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, or issue equity securities for other purposes, stockholders may experience
significant dilution of their ownership interest (both with respect to the percentage of total securities held, and with respect to the
book value of their securities) and such securities may have rights senior to those of the holders of our common stock. In addition.
if we do not provide our Pharmaceutical Companies with the capital they require, they may seek capital from other sources, which would
result in dilution and possible subordination or other diminution in value of our interests in those companies. 

The
trading price of the shares of our Class B common stock is likely to remain volatile, and purchasers of our Class B common stock could
incur substantial losses. 

Our
stock price is likely to remain volatile. The stock market in general and the market for pharmaceutical companies in particular have
experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this
volatility, investors may not be able to sell their Class B common stock at or above the price paid for the shares. The market price
for our Class B common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 

actual
or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

changes
in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

57 

conditions
or trends in our industry; 

stock
market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that operate in the real estate or
pharmaceutical industries; 

announcements
by us or our competitors of the results of clinical trials, new product or service offerings, or significant acquisitions; 

strategic
collaborations or divestitures; 

announcements
of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

capital
commitments; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; and 

sales
 of our common stock, including sales by our directors and officers or specific stockholders. In addition, in the past, stockholders
 have initiated class action lawsuits against companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies 
 stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention
 and resources. 

The
realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in this Risk Factors 
section, could have a dramatic and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts may publish about us
and our business. We do not currently have analyst coverage and may never obtain research coverage by equity research analysts. Equity
research analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our common stock and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. In the event we do have equity research analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the
analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts
or others downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage
of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock
price or trading volume to decline. 

We
may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of
their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities
litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which
could seriously harm our business. 

58 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive office is located in 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. 

Barer
Institute s total annual rent at 3675 Market Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is approximately 193,000 for a private lab and office. 

LipoMedix
has a Research and Services Agreement with Shaare Zedek Scientific Ltd. by which laboratory space at Shaare Zedek Medical Center is used
for R D activities. This agreement is conditioned to grant support for the Shaare Zedek Nano-Oncology research center either directly
from LipoMedix or indirectly through the Israel Innovation Authority Fund (Israel Chief Scientist Office). This arrangement has been
in place since 2012, and the grant support is negotiable and renewed on an annual basis. However, there can be no guarantees that Shaare
Zedek will continue this agreement in the future. 

LipoMedix
leases an Administrative Office in Giv at Ram Hi-Tech Park from the Hebrew University. Rent is 3,600, annually, and the lease
agreement runs through 2021. 

Levco
has a Sponsored Research Agreement with Shaare Zedek Scientific Ltd. by which laboratory space at Shaare Zedek Medical Center is used
for R D activities. Levco shall fund the research program in exchange for a license to the results thereof and all intellectual property
arising in connection with the research. 

See
Item 1 Real Estate for a discussion of properties held by the Company for investment purposes and Item 8 Financial
Statements and Supplemental Data, for a detailed listing of such facilities. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

On
December 31, 2019, an employee of the Company filed a complaint in connection with the incident that led to the OSHA inspection noted
above for personal injuries against the Company and other parties in the New Jersey Supreme Court for an incident that took place on
January 31, 2019 at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. The Company intends to vigorously defend this matter. The loss is considered
remote and no accrual has been recorded. 

The
Company may from time to time be subject to legal proceedings that may arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be
no assurance in this regard, other than noted above, the Company does not expect any of those legal proceedings to have a material adverse
effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

59 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

PRICE
RANGE OF COMMON STOCK 

Our
Class B common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RFL. Trading commenced on the NYSE American
on March 27, 2018 and on November 21, 2019, the Company commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange. 

On October 11, 2021, there were 300 holders of
record of our Class B common stock and eight holders of record of our Class A common stock. All shares of Class A common stock are beneficially
owned by Howard Jonas. The number of holders of record of our Class B common stock does not include the number of persons whose shares
are in nominee or in street name accounts through brokers. On October 15, 2021, the last sales price reported on the NYSE
for the Class B common stock was 30.54 per share. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock until we achieve sustainable profitability (after satisfying all of our operational
needs) and retain certain minimum cash reserves. Distributions will be subject to the need to retain earnings for investment in growth
opportunities or the acquisition of complementary assets. The payment of dividends in any specific period will be at the sole discretion
of our Board of Directors. 

The
information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which
we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference
herein. 

Performance
Graph of Stock 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the
information under this item. 

Issuer
Repurchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, 
 plans, intends and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the
factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report.
The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking
statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors
should consult all of the information set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including
our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of
this Annual Report. 

60 

Overview 

Rafael
Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:RFL), Rafael Holdings , we or the Company ), a Delaware corporation, holds
interests in clinical and early stage pharmaceutical companies, including an investment in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Rafael Pharmaceuticals,
a late-stage cancer metabolism-based therapeutics company, its preclinical cancer metabolism research institute, the Barer Institute Barer ), and commercial real estate assets. The Company focuses its efforts on funding, discovering and developing novel
cancer therapies through its continued investment in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, the creation of the Barer Institute in 2019 and continued
investments in advancing its preclinical portfolio as well as investments in other early-stage oncology companies with a goal of building
a focused cancer metabolism therapeutics company with the potential to improve and extend the lives of patients. On June 17, 2021, the
Company entered into a merger agreement to acquire full ownership of Rafael Pharmaceuticals in exchange for issuing Company Class B common
stock to the other stockholders of Rafael Pharmaceuticals. We expect to bring the merger to a vote of our stockholders this calendar
year. 

The
Company s investment in Rafael Pharmaceuticals includes preferred and common equity interests and a warrant to purchase additional
equity (the Warrant ). In 2019, the Company established Barer, as an early-stage small molecule research institute focused
on developing a pipeline of novel therapeutic compounds, including compounds to regulate cancer metabolism with potentially broader application
in other indications beyond cancer. Barer is led by a team of scientists and academic advisors considered to be among the leading experts
in cancer metabolism, chemistry, and drug development. In addition to its own internal discovery efforts, Barer is pursuing collaborative
research agreements and in-licensing opportunities with leading scientists from top academic institutions. Farber Partners, LLC Farber ),
was formed around one such agreement with Princeton University s Office of Technology Licensing for technology from the laboratory
of Professor Joshua Rabinowitz, in the Department of Chemistry, Princeton University, for an exclusive worldwide license to its SHMT
(serine hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor program. The Company also holds a majority equity interest in LipoMedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. LipoMedix ), a clinical stage oncological pharmaceutical company based in Israel. In addition, the Company has recently
initiated efforts to develop other early stage pharmaceutical ventures including Levco Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Levco ), an
Israeli company, established to partner with Dr. Alberto Gabizon and a leading institution in Israel on the development of novel compounds
for cancer. 

The
Company s commercial real estate holdings consist of a building at 520 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey that serves as headquarters
for the Company and certain other entities and tenants and an associated 800-car public garage, and a portion of a building in Israel.
The Company sold other real estate holdings in 2020. 

On
June 17, 2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with RH Merger I, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings, RH Merger II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Holdings and Rafael Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation Rafael Pharmaceuticals or Pharma ), whereby
Pharma will become our wholly-owned limited liability subsidiary. 

We
filed a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus with the SEC on September 14, 2021. 

Business
Update - COVID-19 

In
December 2019, a new coronavirus, now known as COVID-19, which has proved to be highly contagious, has since spread around the globe.
We actively monitor the outbreak and its potential impact on our operations and those of our holdings. 

The
impacts on our and our affiliates operations and specifically the ongoing clinical trials of our pharmaceutical holdings have been actively
managed by respective pharmaceutical management teams who have worked closely with the appropriate regulatory agencies to continue clinical
trial activities with as minimal impact as possible including receiving waivers for certain clinical trial activities from the respective
regulatory agencies to continue the studies. 

Although
partially mitigated recently, there remains a general degree of uncertainty in the national commercial real estate market based on the
COVID-19 pandemic and as a result there is a potential impact to the value of our real estate portfolio as well as efforts to monetize
those assets. 

61 

We
have implemented a number of measures to protect the health and safety of our workforce, including a voluntary work-from-home policy
for our workforce who can perform their jobs from home, as well as restrictions on business travel. 

Due
to both known and unknown risks, including quarantines, closures and other restrictions resulting from the outbreak, operations and those
of our holdings may be adversely impacted. Additionally, as there is an evolving nature to the COVID-19 situation, we cannot reasonably
assess or predict at this time the full extent of the negative impact that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. The impact will depend on future developments such as the ultimate duration and the
severity of the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and globally, the effectiveness of federal, state, local and foreign government
actions on mitigation and spread of COVID-19, the pandemic s impact on the U.S. and global economies, changes in our customers behavior
emanating from the pandemic and how quickly we can resume our normal operations, among others. For all these reasons, we may incur expenses
or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Results
of Operations 

Our
business consists of two reportable segments - Pharmaceuticals and Real Estate. We evaluate the performance of our Pharmaceuticals segment
based primarily on research and development efforts and results of clinical trials and our Real Estate segment based primarily on results
of operations. Accordingly, the income and expense line items below loss from operations are only included in the discussion of consolidated
results of operations. 

Pharmaceuticals
Segment 

Our
consolidated expenses for our Pharmaceuticals segment were as follows: 

Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2021 
 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (8,153 
 (419 
 (7,734 
 (1,846 
 
 Research and development 
 (4,907 
 (2,391 
 (2,516 
 105 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (1 
 (1 

Impairment - Altira 
 (7,000 
 
 (7,000 
 (100 
 
 Loss From Operations 
 (20,061 
 (2,811 
 (17,250 
 614 

To
date, the Pharmaceuticals segment has not generated any revenues. The entirety of the expenses in the Pharmaceuticals segment relates
to the activities of LipoMedix, Barer, Levco, Farber, and Rafael Medical Devices. For the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, we
held a 100 interest in Barer, a 68 and 67 interest, respectively, in LipoMedix, a 95 and 0 interest in Levco, respectively, and
a 93 and 0 interest in Farber, respectively. Rafael Medical Devices is a newly created entity during the year ended July 31, 2021,
in which we have a 100 interest. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses . 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist mainly of payroll, benefits, facilities, consulting and professional fees. The increase
in selling, general and administrative expenses in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended July 31,
2020 is primarily due to non-cash share-based compensation expense of approximately 5.5 million for awards issued to our newly hired
CEO and Chief Commercial Officer CCO and payroll of approximately 2.4 million pertaining to our newly hired CEO and CCO,
partially offset by the expenses incurred to the founders of LipoMedix in 2020. 

62 

Research
and development expenses . Research and development increased for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, due to increased
activity at Barer, Levco, Farber, and Rafael Medical Devices. 

Impairment
expense - Altira . The Company recorded an impairment loss of 7 million related to the Company s additional investment in 33.333 
of Altira for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

Real
Estate Segment 

Our
consolidated income and expenses for our Real Estate segment were as follows: 

Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2021 
 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Rental Third Party 
 890 
 1,516 
 (626 
 (41 
 
 Rental Related Party 
 2,099 
 2,082 
 17 
 1 
 
 Parking 
 502 
 832 
 (330 
 (40 
 
 Other - Related Party 
 480 
 480 

Selling, general and administrative 
 (12,263 
 (8,699 
 (3,564 
 (41 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (1,459 
 (1,865 
 406 
 22 
 
 Loss From Operations 
 (9,751 
 (5,654 
 (4,097 
 72 

Revenues. Rental
and Parking revenues decreased by approximately 0.9 million in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, compared to the prior fiscal
year, primarily due to the sale of the building in Piscataway and the related reduced rental income, as well as a decrease in parking
as many customers who were utilizing the parking garage are now working from home due to COVID-19. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses . 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist mainly of payroll, benefits, facilities, consulting and professional fees. The increase
in selling, general and administrative expenses in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended July 31,
2020 is primarily due to increased legal and professional fees of approximately 1.6 million, increased real estate tax costs of approximately
 0.7 million, an approximate 0.5 million increase in directors and officers liability insurance, and an increase in non-cash share-based
compensation expense of approximately 0.4 million for awards issued to Management level employees. 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses . Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 compared
to the prior fiscal year due to the sale of the building in Piscataway, New Jersey. 

63 

Consolidated
Operations 

Our
consolidated income and expense line items below income from operations were as follows: 

Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2021 
 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (29,812 
 (8,465 
 (21,347 
 252 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (102 
 (32 
 (70 
 219 
 
 Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions 
 
 (5 
 5 
 (100 
 
 Gain on sale of building 
 749 
 
 749 
 100 
 
 Impairment of investments - Other Pharmaceuticals 
 (724 
 (799 
 75 
 (9 
 
 Unrealized gain on investments - Hedge Funds 
 4,758 
 2,385 
 2,373 
 99 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (25,131 
 (6,916 
 (18,215 
 (263 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 (18 
 (29 
 11 
 (38 
 
 Impairment of equity method investment in Altira 
 
 (4,000 
 4,000 
 (100 
 
 Equity in earnings of RP Finance 
 383 
 192 
 191 
 99 
 
 Consolidated net loss 
 (24,766 
 (10,753 
 (14,013 
 130 
 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (222 
 (338 
 116 
 (34 
 
 Net loss attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 
 (24,544 
 (10,415 
 (14,129 
 136 

Interest
expense, net. Interest (expense), net for the year ended July 31, 2021 totaled approximately 2 thousand of interest income
and 104 thousand of interest expense. Interest (expense) income, net for the year ended July 31, 2020 totaled approximately 52 thousand
of interest income and 84 thousand of interest expense. Interest expense of 104 is primarily related to 64 thousand of accrued interest
and 28 thousand of amortization of debt issuance costs related to the Note Payable entered into in July 2021.The increase of interest
(expense) income, net is due to interest incurred on the 15,000,000 Note Payable entered into in July 2021. 

Net
loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions . Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions is comprised
entirely from changes in movements in New Israeli Shekels relative to the U.S. Dollar. 

Gain
on sale of building . In August 2020, we sold a building located in Piscataway, New Jersey, and recognized a gain on the sale of approximately
 749 thousand. 

Impairment
of investments - Other Pharmaceuticals . We recorded an impairment loss of 724 thousand related to our investment using the measurement
alternative for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

Impairment
of equity method investment of Altira. The Company recorded an impairment loss of 0 and 4 million related to the Company s
initial investment in 33.333 of Altira for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Unrealized
gain on investments - Hedge Fund s. We recorded unrealized gains of approximately 4.8 million and 2.4 million for the years ended
July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due to gains on our Hedge Funds portfolio. 

Provision
for income taxes. During the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, there was a provision for income taxes for 18 thousand
and 29 thousand, respectively. 

Equity
in earnings of RP Finance. We recognized approximately 383 thousand and 192 thousand in income from our ownership interests of
37.5 in RP Finance for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to our equity method investment in RP Finance. 

Net
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. The change in the net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was due to the
losses related to noncontrolling interests held in LipoMedix, Farber, and Levco for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

64 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

General 

As
of July 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 7.9 million in addition to our investment in a hedge fund valued at 5.3
million. 

In
August 2021, we completed a securities purchase agreement and in which we sold 2,945,986 shares of Class B Common Stock for aggregate
net proceeds of 97.8 million, after deducting transaction costs of 6.4 million. 

We
expect that the balance of our cash and cash equivalents as of July 31, 2021, in addition to our balance in Investments - Hedge
Funds and the proceeds of the August 2021 financing, to be sufficient to meet Rafael Holdings obligations for at least the next 12 months
from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

On
July 9, 2021, the Company, as guarantor, Rafael Holdings Realty, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant Realty ),
as pledgor, and Broad-Atlantic Associates, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Realty (the Borrower, and together with the
Company and Realty, the Borrower Parties ), as borrower, entered into a loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with 520 Broad Street LLC, a third-party lender (the Lender ). The Loan Agreement provides for a loan in the amount of 15
million (the Note Payable from Lender to Borrower secured by (i) a first mortgage on 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey
07102; and (ii) a first priority security interest in the equity of the Borrower as set forth in the Pledge and Security Agreement between
Realty and Lender. 

The Note Payable bears interest at a rate per
annum equal to seven and one-quarter percent (7.25 and thereafter at an interest rate per annum equal to the 30-day LIBOR Rate, as published
in The Wall Street Journal , plus 6.90 per annum, but in no event less than seven and one-quarter percent (7.25 per annum. The
Note Payable is due on August 1, 2022, subject to the Company s option to extend the maturity date until August 1, 2023 for a fee
equal to three-quarters of one percent (0.75 of the Note Payable. 

Effective
September 24, 2021, we entered into a line of credit agreement with Rafael Pharmaceuticals (the Debtor ), which provides for
loan commitments in the amount of 25,000,000. The funds loaned under the Line of Credit Agreement are to be used by the Debtor in accordance
with the budget that has been approved by the Company. Of the aggregate amount, 1.9 million was advanced on September 24, 2021 and the
remaining amount was funded on October 1, 2021. Our cash balance is sufficient to meet our currently anticipated working capital, research
and development, and capital expenditure requirements during the next 12 months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows (used in) provided by 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Operating activities 
 (15,601 
 (4,666 
 
 Investing activities 
 (8,171 
 (1,034 
 
 Financing activities 
 30,298 
 (96 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 122 
 (22 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 6,648 
 (5,818 

Operating
Activities 

The
increase in cash used in operating activities for the year ended July 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended July 31, 2020
was primarily related to the net loss, and impact from noncash items, primarily the unrealized gain on investment - Hedge Funds of 4.8
million, the gain on the sale of the office building in Piscataway, New Jersey of 749 thousand offset by the impairment expense related
to the investment in Altira of 7 million, stock based compensation of 6.6 million, depreciation of 1.5 million, the impairment of
investment - Other Pharmaceuticals of 724 thousand, and other changes in assets and liabilities. 

65 

Investing
Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities for the year ended July 31, 2021 was primarily related to the purchase of 7.3 million shares of Rafael
Pharmaceuticals Series D Preferred Stock for 9.1 million, the payments to fund our portion of advances under the line of credit between
RP Finance and Rafael Pharmaceuticals for 7.5 million, the payments of an aggregate of 2 million towards the acquisition of a second
33.333 membership interest in Altira, and purchases of property and equipment of 206 thousand, offset by the proceeds of 7 million
from the liquidation of the hedge funds and 3.7 million from the sale of the building in Piscataway, New Jersey in August 2020. 

Cash
used in investing activities for the year ended July 31, 2020 related to the initial payments of 0.5 million towards the acquisition
of 33.333 membership interest in Altira for a product-in development, and 0.5 million related to building improvements made to our
real estate holdings. 

Financing
Activities 

Cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended July 31, 2021 was primarily related to proceeds from the issuance of a note
payable in the amount of 15.0 million, proceeds of 13 million for the sale of 567,437 shares of our Class B common stock and warrants
to purchase an additional 113,487 shares of Class B common stock. Additionally, there were approximately 2 million in proceeds provided
by the exercise of warrants to purchase 87,298 shares of Class B common stock by two holders of the warrants. 

Cash
used in financing activities for the year ended July 31, 2020 was related to payments for taxes related to shares withheld for employee
taxes, offset by proceeds from the exercise of options. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock until we achieve sustainable profitability and retain certain minimum cash reserves.
The payment of dividends in any specific period will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Trends
and Uncertainties COVID-19 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of COVID-19 emerged and has subsequently expanded to a pandemic resulting in significant risks and disruptions
to the health and welfare of the global population and economy. For the year ended July 31, 2021, COVID-19 has not had a material impact
on our operations. 

We
actively monitor the outbreak and its potential impact on our operations and those of our holdings. Although our operations are mainly
in the United States, we have assets outside of the United States, and some of our pharmaceutical holdings conduct operations, manufacturing
and clinical trial activities in Europe and Asia. 

The
impacts on our and our affiliates operations and specifically the ongoing clinical trials of our pharmaceutical holdings have been actively
managed by respective pharmaceutical management teams who have worked closely with the appropriate regulatory agencies to continue clinical
trial activities with as minimal impact as possible including receiving waivers for certain clinical trial activities from the respective
regulatory agencies to continue the studies. 

Although
partially mitigated recently, there remains a general degree of uncertainty in the national commercial real estate market based on the
COVID-19 pandemic and as a result there is a potential impact to the value of our real estate portfolio as well as efforts to monetize
those assets. 

We
have implemented a number of measures to protect the health and safety of our workforce, including a voluntary work-from-home policy
for our workforce who can perform their jobs from home, as well as restrictions on business travel. 

66 

Due
to both known and unknown risks, including quarantines, closures and other restrictions resulting from the outbreak, operations and those
of our holdings may be adversely impacted. Additionally, as there is an evolving nature to the COVID-19 situation, we cannot reasonably
assess or predict at this time the full extent of the negative impact that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. The impact will depend on future developments such as the ultimate duration and the
severity of the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and globally, the effectiveness of federal, state, local and foreign government
actions on mitigation and spread of COVID-19, the pandemic s impact on the U.S. and global economies, changes in our customers 
behavior emanating from the pandemic and how quickly we can resume our normal operations, among others. For all these reasons, we may
incur expenses or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical
accounting policies are those that require application of management s most subjective or complex judgments, often as a result
of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting policies include those related
to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, income taxes and valuation of investments and long-lived assets. Management
bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
in this Annual Report for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies. For more information on recent accounting
standards, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in relevant SEC regulations that are reasonably likely to have
a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 

FOREIGN
CURRENCY RISK 

Revenue
from tenants located in Israel represented 7 and 6 of our consolidated revenues in the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. The entirety of these revenues is in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Our foreign currency exchange risk is somewhat
mitigated by our ability to offset a portion of these non-U.S. Dollar-denominated revenues with operating expenses that are paid in the
same currencies. While the impact from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates affects our revenues and expenses denominated in foreign
currencies, the net amount of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes at the end of each reporting period is generally
not material. 

INVESTMENT
RISK 

In
addition to, but separate from our primary business, we will hold a portion of our assets in hedge funds and a passive investment in
another entity. Investments in hedge funds carry a degree of risk and depend to a great extent on correct assessments of the future course
of price movements of securities and other instruments. There can be no assurance that our investment managers will be able to accurately
predict these price movements. The securities markets have in recent years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability.
Our passive interests in other entities are not currently liquid and we cannot assure that we will be able to liquidate them when we
desire, or ever. Accordingly, the value of our investments may go down as well as up and we may not receive the amounts originally invested
upon redemption. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting
on page F-1 are included herein. 

67 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

An
evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of July 31, 2021.
Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the President and Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The internal
control process has been designed under management s supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP . 

Management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2021 utilizing
the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over
financial reporting as of July 31, 2021 is effective. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records
that accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail, transactions and dispositions of assets; and provide reasonable assurances
that: (1) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP; (2) receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (3) unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements
are prevented or timely detected. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no significant changes made in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year
ended July 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to an exemption
established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

68 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following is a list of our directors and executive officers as of October 1, 2021, along with the specific information required by Rule
14a-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive
Officers 

Howard
S. Jonas Chairman of the Board 

Ameet
Mallik Chief Executive Officer 

Patrick
Fabbio Chief Financial Officer 

William
Conkling Chief Commercial Officer 

Ashok
Marin Chief Legal Officer 

Directors 

Howard
S. Jonas Chairman of the Board 

Stephen
Greenberg 

Rachel
Jonas 

Shannon
Klinger 

Mark
McCamish 

Dr.
Boris C. Pasche 

Dr.
Michael J. Weiss 

The
remaining information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate
Governance 

We
have included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K certificates of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We
make available free of charge through the investor relations page of our web site (http://rafaelholdings.irpass.com/) our Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership
reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity, as soon as reasonably
practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business
conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer. Copies of the codes of business conduct and ethics are available on our web site. 

Our
web site and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

69 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

70 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Consolidated
Financial Statements covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

2 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. 

All
schedules have been omitted since they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required or not applicable. 

3 
 Exhibits.
 The exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 

Certain
of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have
been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with
 the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the
 agreements; 

may
 apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were
 made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent
 developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties
were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

71 

(b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibits 

2.01(1) 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 17, 2021, by and among Rafael Holdings, Inc. Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II and Pharma 

3.1(2) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

3.2(3) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated By-Laws of Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

4.2 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10.1(2) 
 
 2018
 Equity Incentive Plan 

10.2(4) 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of March 5, 2021, between the Company and Ameet Mallik. 

10.3(5) 
 
 Letter Agreement dated September 10, 2021, between the Company and Patrick Fabbio. 

10.4(6) 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, by and among Rafael Holdings, Inc. and the Investors named therein. 

10.5(6) 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, by and among Rafael Holdings, Inc. and I9Plus, LLC. 

10.6(6) 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, by and among Rafael Holdings, Inc. and the Investors named therein. 

10.7(7) 
 
 Loan
 Agreement by and between the Registrant, Rafael Holdings Realty, Inc., Broad-Atlantic Associates, LLC and 520 Broad Street LLC, dated
 July 9, 2021. 

21.01 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of CohnReznick LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

filed
 herewith. 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K, filed June 21, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated
by reference to Form 10-12G/A, filed March 26, 2018. 

(3) Incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K, filed September 26, 2019. 

(4) Incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K, filed March 11, 2021. 

(5) Incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K, filed September 14, 2021. 

(6) Incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K, filed August 24, 2021. 

(7) Incorporated
by reference to Form 8-K, filed July 15, 2021. 

Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

72 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RAFAEL
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ameet Mallik 

Ameet
 Mallik 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
October 18, 2021 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Titles 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ameet Mallik 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Ameet
 Mallik 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Patrick Fabbio 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Patrick
 Fabbio 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Howard S. Jonas 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of the Board 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Howard
 S. Jonas 

/s/
 Stephen Greenberg 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Stephen
 Greenberg 

/s/
 Rachel Jonas 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Rachael
 Jonas 

/s/
 Shannon Klinger 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Shannon
 Klinger 

/s/
 Mark McCamish 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Mark
 McCamish 

/s/
 Boris C. Pasche 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Dr.
 Boris C. Pasche 

/s/
 Michael J. Weiss 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 18, 2021 
 
 Dr.
 Michael J. Weiss 

73 

Rafael
Holdings, Inc. 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Rafael
Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rafael Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of July 31, 2021
and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2021 and 2020
, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 CohnReznick LLP 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

New York, New York 

October
 18, 2021 

F- 2 

RAFAEL
HOLDINGS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(in thousands, except share data) 

July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Due from Rafael Pharmaceuticals 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Assets held for sale 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Equity investment RP Finance 

Due from RP Finance LLC 

Investments Rafael Pharmaceuticals 

Investments Other Pharmaceuticals 

Investments Hedge Funds 

Deferred income tax assets, net 

In-process research and development and patents 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Amount due for purchase of membership interest 

Due to related parties 

Note payable, net of debt issuance costs 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

EQUITY 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2021, and issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2020 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income related to foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total equity attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

Noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 REVENUES 

Rental Third Party 

Rental Related Party 

Parking 

Other Related Party 

Total Revenue 

COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment - Altira 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense, net 

Net loss resulting from foreign exchange transactions 

Gain on sale of building 

Impairment of investments - Other Pharmaceuticals 

Unrealized gain on investments - Hedge Funds 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Impairment of equity method investment in Altira 

Equity in earnings of RP Finance 

Consolidated net loss 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Consolidated Net Loss 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Total Comprehensive loss attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

Loss per share 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares used in calculation of loss per share 

Basic and Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2021 AND 2020 
(in thousands, except share data) 

Year
 Ended July 31, 2021 

Common
 Stock, Series
 A 
 Common
 Stock, Series
 B 
 Additional Paid
 - in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other
 comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 income 
 interests 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at August 1, 2020 

Net loss for the year ended July 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation to Board of Directors 

Shares issued - Investment in Altira 

Shares issued - Securities Purchase Agreements 

Shares withheld for payroll taxes 

Warrants exercised 

Stock options exercised 

Capital contribution for noncontrolling interest 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance at July 31, 2021 

F- 5 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2021 AND 2020 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Year
 Ended July 31, 2020 

Common
 Stock, Series
 A 
 Common
 Stock, Series
 B 
 Additional
 Paid - in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 income 
 interests 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at August 1, 2019 

Net loss for the year ended July 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation to Board of Directors 

Shares issued for convertible debt 

Shares withheld for payroll taxes 

Stock options exercised 

Conversion of LipoMedix Bridge Notes 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance at July 31, 2020 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

RAFAEL
HOLDINGS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(in thousands) 

Year
 Ended July 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Operating activities 

Consolidated net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net loss to net cash used in
 operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Net unrealized gain on investments - Hedge Funds 

Impairment of equity method investment of Altira 

Impairment of investments - Other Pharmaceuticals 

Equity in earnings of RP Finance 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Noncash compensation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Amortization of debt discount 

Gain on sale of building 

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Due from related parties 

Accrued interest - Related Party 

Other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 

Investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from the sale of building 

Proceeds from sale of hedge funds 

Payment to fund RP Finance Line of Credit 

Investment in Altira 

Investment in Rafael Pharmaceuticals 

Net cash used in investing
 activities 

Financing activities 

Contribution from noncontrolling interest of consolidated
 entity 

Proceeds from issuance of shares 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

Payments for taxes related to shares withheld for
 employee taxes 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of note payable 

Payment of debt issuance
 costs 

Net cash provided by (used
 in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted
 cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning
 of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of
 year 

Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing
 Activities 

Issuance of shares to Altira for payment of membership
 interest 

Amount due for purchase of membership interest 

Transfer of asset held for sale 

Conversion of LipoMedix Bridge Notes 

Conversions of related party convertible notes payable
 and accrued interest 

Reconciliation of cash and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
 shown in statement of cash flows 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 8 

NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Broad Atlantic Associates, LLC 

IDT 225 Old NB Road, LLC 

IDT R.E. Holdings Ltd. 

Rafael Holdings Realty, Inc. 

Barer Institute, Inc. 

The Barer Institute, LLC 

Hillview Avenue Realty, JV 

Hillview Avenue Realty, LLC 

Rafael Medical Devices, LLC 

Levco Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 

Farber Partners, LLC 

Pharma Holdings, LLC 

LipoMedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 

Altira Capital Consulting, LLC 

CS Pharma Holdings, LLC 

of CS Pharma Holdings, LLC is owned by Pharma Holdings, LLC. We have a ownership in Pharma Holdings, LLC and, therefore, an effective interest in CS Pharma Holdings, LLC. 

million in addition to the Company s investment in a hedge
fund valued at million. 

shares of Class B Common Stock were sold for
an aggregate net proceeds of million, after deducting transaction costs of million. 

months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

. The first advance made to the Debtor was in the amount of 
on September 24, 2021. On October 1, 2021, a second advance was made to the Debtor in the amount of . The Company s cash balance
is sufficient to meet the Company s currently anticipated working capital, research and development, and capital expenditure requirements
during the next 12 months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

of the Company s revenue, and as of July 31, 2021, customers represented and
 of the Company s accounts receivable balance, respectively. For the year ended July 31, 2020, related parties represented
 of the Company s revenue, and as of July 31, 2020, customers represented , , and of the Company s
accounts receivable balance, respectively. 

F- 10 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and of the Company s total revenue for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. The Company recorded bad debt expense of approximately and for the years ended July 31, 2021 and
2020, respectively. 

F- 11 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Tenant improvements 
 - 
 
 Other (primarily equipment and furniture and fixtures) 

and , respectively, were recorded as a component of
interest expense. 

F- 12 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 13 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized
in the financial statements will generally result in one or more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes payable,
a reduction of an income tax refund receivable, a reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in a deferred tax liability. 

F- 14 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 15 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-owned non-operating subsidiary, Pharma Holdings, LLC,
or Pharma Holdings. 

of CS Pharma Holdings, LLC CS Pharma ), a non-operating entity that owns equity interests in Rafael Pharmaceuticals.
Accordingly, the Company holds an effective indirect interest in the assets held by CS Pharma. 

of Pharma
Holdings. 

interest in the Rafael Pharmaceuticals interests held
by Pharma Holdings directly, and an effective indirect interest in the assets held by CS Pharma. 

million shares of Rafael Pharmaceuticals Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. CS Pharma owned a million Series
D Convertible Note, with interest, in Rafael Pharmaceuticals which was converted to shares of Series D Preferred Stock in January
2019. 

of the outstanding capital stock of Rafael Pharmaceuticals
and of the capital stock on a fully diluted basis (excluding the remainder of the Warrant). 

F- 16 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(based
on current ownership) of such distributions. Similarly, if Pharma Holdings were to distribute proceeds it receives from CS Pharma, it
would do so on a pro rata basis, entitling the Company to (based on current ownership) of such distributions. 

of the fully diluted
capital stock of Rafael Pharmaceuticals (the Bonus Shares upon the achievement of certain milestones. The Merger Agreement
provides that such events will be deemed satisfied in connection with the Mergers. The Instrument will receive shares of the
Company s Class B Common Stock in respect of the Bonus Shares. The additional is based on the fully diluted capital stock of Rafael
Pharmaceuticals, excluding the remainder for the Warrant, at the time of issuance. If any of the milestones are met, the Bonus Shares
are to be issued without any additional payment. 

Following any exercise, a portion of the Company s interest in Rafael Pharmaceuticals
would continue to be held for the benefit of the other equity holders in Pharma Holdings and CS Pharma. Given the Company s anticipated
available cash, the Company would not be able to exercise the Warrant in its entirety and the Company may never be able to exercise the
Warrant in full. Rafael Pharmaceuticals may also issue additional equity interests, such as employee stock options, which will require
the Company to pay additional cash to maintain the Company s ownership percentage or exercise the Warrant in full. 

shares of Holdings Class B Common Stock. Pursuant to the Transactions,
an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock are expected to be issued to holders of outstanding shares of
Rafael Pharmaceuticals capital stock. 

F- 17 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

membership interest in Altira as an equity method investment in accordance
with the guidance in ASC 323, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures . The Company determined that a membership
interest in Altira indicates that the Company is able to exercise significant influence over Altira, and the Company s membership interest
is considered to be more than minor in accordance with the guidance. The cost of the investment was determined to be 
pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The contingent consideration, as described within the Purchase Agreement, in the amount
of , will be recognized when the payments are considered probable. 

,
which was the total amount of the Company s investment recognized for the Purchase Agreement as of July 31, 2020. 

F- 18 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

pursuant to the terms
of the Second Altira Agreement. 

, which was
the total amount of the Company s investment recognized for the Second Altira Agreement as of July 31, 2021. 

shares of Class B Common Stock with a value of million to the First
Seller under the Purchase Agreement. 

shares of Class B Common Stock with a value of million to the Altira Second Seller, and cash payments totaling
 million to satisfy the remaining non-contingent obligation due to the Altira Second Seller during the year ended July 31, 2021. 

membership interest, the Company had a majority interest in Altira, which would require
consolidation. However, the assets and operations of Altira are not significant to the Company as a whole. The Company has identified
the investment in Altira as a related party transaction (see Note 13). 

to fund clinical trials and other capital needs. 

of the issued and outstanding shares of Rafael Pharmaceuticals common stock, with such interest subject to anti-dilution
protection as set forth in the Line of Credit Agreement. 

thousand and thousand in income from its ownership interests of 
in RP Finance for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The assets and operations of RP Finance are not significant
and the Company has identified the equity investment in RP Finance as a related party transaction (see Note 13). 

In November 2020, Rafael Pharmaceuticals called for a second
 million draw on the line of credit facility and the facility was funded by RP Finance in the amount of million. In June 2021 and
July 2021, Rafael Pharmaceuticals called for a total aggregate million draw on the line of credit facility and was funded by RP Finance
in the amount of million. 

F- 19 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in accordance with its ownership interests in RP Finance. 

million draw on the line of credit facility and the Company has funded an additional
 million in accordance with its ownership interests in RP Finance. 

of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of LipoMedix and has consolidated this investment
from the second quarter of fiscal 2018. 

to LipoMedix. These bridge notes were converted into
 shares of LipoMedix prior to December 31, 2019. 

to LipoMedix with a maturity date of and an interest rate of . Under the terms of the note, as long as it remains outstanding, LipoMedix may not incur any additional
debt, make any shareholder distributions, or assume any liens on property or assets. 

to LipoMedix with a maturity date of 
and an interest rate of . Under the terms of the note, as long as it remains outstanding, LipoMedix may not incur any additional debt,
make any shareholder distributions, or assume any liens on property or assets. 

to LipoMedix with a maturity date of 
and an interest rate of . Under the terms of the note, as long as it remains outstanding, LipoMedix may not incur any additional debt,
make any shareholder distributions, or assume any liens on property or assets. 

ordinary shares of LipoMedix for an
aggregate purchase price of . The purchase consideration consisted of the outstanding Promissory Notes between the Company
and LipoMedix dated November 13, 2019, January 21, 2020 and March 27, 2020 in the total principal amount of plus accrued interest,
for an aggregate amount of , and of cash, thereby increasing the Company s ownership in LipoMedix from to
 . 

to LipoMedix with a maturity date of , and an interest rate of per annum. As of July 31, 2021, the Company has provided of funding to LipoMedix. As
of July 31, 2021, accrued and unpaid interest on the bridge financing amounted to . If the note is not repaid or extended by the
maturity, the interest rate will increase to per annum. Under the terms of the note, as long as it remains outstanding, LipoMedix
may not incur any additional debt, make any shareholder distributions, or assume any liens on property or assets. As of September 1,
2021, LipoMedix was in default on the terms of the loan and as such, the interest rate has increased to per annum. 

F- 20 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Total 

Total 

Liquidation of Hedge Fund Investments 

Total gain included in earnings 

Balance, end of period 

million and million, respectively. 

million in investments in securities in another entity that are not liquid, which were included in Investments - Other
Pharmaceuticals in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The investments are accounted for under ASC 321, Investments - Equity
Securities , using the measurement alternative as defined within the guidance, and the Company recorded impairment losses of 
million and million for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 21 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounts Receivable - Related Party 

Less Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Trade Accounts Receivable, net 

thousand and 
thousand as of July 31, 2021 and July 31, 2020, respectively. 

million and million as of July 31,
2021 and July 31, 2020, respectively. 

Land 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Other 

Less Accumulated Depreciation 

Total 

F- 22 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

million, to offset future taxable income. The Company has state NOLs of million. The Company has NOLs from foreign operations
of million. As part of the Tax Act, federal NOLs generated in 2018 and later are not subject to an expiration period and are available
to offset of taxable income in the year in which they are utilized. The federal NOL carryforwards generated prior to 2018 will begin
to expire in 2026. The state NOLs will begin to expire in 2038 and foreign NOLs do not expire. 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

Federal 

State 

Total current expense 

Deferred: 

Foreign 

Total deferred expense 

Provision for income taxes 

F- 23 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State income tax 

Valuation allowance 

Foreign tax rate differential 

Permanent differences 

Other 

Provision for income taxes 

Unrealized gain/loss 

Depreciation 

Reserves and accruals 

Stock-based compensation 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets, net 

million (the Note Payable from Lender to Borrower secured by
(i) a first mortgage on 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102; and (ii) a first priority security interest in the equity of the Borrower
as set forth in the Pledge and Security Agreement between Realty and Lender. 

F- 24 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

and for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization of the debt discount on the Note Payable
totaled approximately and for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Lease income included
on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 was million and
 million, respectively. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total Minimum Future Rental Income 

The annual rent is approximately million in the aggregate.

which the Company accrued for and has an outstanding balance of approximately as of July 31,
2021. The penalty was recorded to accrued expenses within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the Company accounts for contingencies when
a loss is considered probable and can be reasonably estimated, the accrued balance is for legal fees and losses believed to be both probable
and reasonably estimable, but an exposure to additional loss may exist in excess of the amount accrued. 

F- 25 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

thousand and 
thousand in related party services to IDT for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which approximately thousand
and is included in Due to Related Parties at July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

square feet of
office space plus parking occupied by IDT at 520 Broad Street, Newark, NJ and approximately square feet of office space in Jerusalem,
Israel. IDT paid the Company approximately million for office rent and parking during both fiscal 2021and 2020. As of July 31, 2021
and 2020, IDT owed the Company approximately thousand and thousand, respectively, for office rent and parking. 

warrants to purchase shares of Class B Common Stock. 

thousand for each of the years ended
July 31, 2021 and 2020. As of July 31, 2021 and 2020, Rafael Pharmaceuticals owed the Company thousand and thousand,
respectively, included in Due from Rafael Pharmaceuticals. 

per month and issue to him common shares representing
up to of common stock outstanding. Additionally, Levco will provide a lab grant in the amount of to support the project. 

plus value-added
tax. 

to Levco. 

F- 26 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

thousand, in addition to percentage royalties and a percentage of any sublicense
revenue. Additionally, there are development milestone payments which Farber will pay Princeton for the first three products developed
by Farber, or any sublicensees or affiliates. 

in Altira, a related party. In December 2020, the Company acquired an additional membership interest in Altira,
for an aggregate of a membership interest (see Note 3). 

shares of Class B common stock for consideration of million each. In connection with the purchases, each purchaser was granted warrants
(the Issued Warrants to purchase twenty percent of the shares of Class B common stock purchased by such purchaser.
The Issued Warrants have an exercise price of per share and expire on . The shares and Issued Warrants were issued
in reliance on the exemption from registration provided for under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

F- 27 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of Class B common stock. This registration was declared effective
on June 7, 2021. 

shares of Class B common stock to the Altira Second Seller totaling million to satisfy a
portion of the remaining non-contingent obligation due to the Altira Second Seller. 

shares which may be awarded in the form of incentive stock options or restricted shares. During fiscal 2021 the Plan was amended for additional
shares to be issued to certain employees of the Company. There are shares available for issuance under the Plan as of July 31,
2021. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

Outstanding at July 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

OUTSTANDING AT JULY 31, 2021 

EXERCISABLE AT JULY 31, 2021 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

options were granted to one individual, resulting in million in stock-based compensation expense for the year ended July 31,
2021. 

options were exercised. At July 31, 2021, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options of million,
which is expected to be recognized over the next years. 

F- 28 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of service. 

restricted
shares of Class B common stock of the Company to the Chief Executive Officer, which will vest over approximately . The aggregate
fair value of the grants in fiscal 2021 was approximately million, which is being charged to expense on a straight-line basis as
the shares vest. 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

Outstanding at July 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

NON-VESTED SHARES AT JULY 31, 2021 

million
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements, which is expected to be recognized
over the next years. The total grant date fair value of shares vested in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, was approximately 
and , respectively. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock at
a price per share of (which was the closing price for the Class B common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on December 4, 2020
the trading day immediately preceding the date of the SPA) for an aggregate purchase price of million. 

million of the proceeds received
pursuant to the SPA were used by the Company to exercise an additional portion of the Warrant in order to maintain the Company s
relative position in Rafael Pharmaceuticals in light of issuances of Rafael Pharmaceuticals equity securities to third-party shareholders
of Rafael Pharmaceuticals, due to warrant exercises by these shareholders. The Company is using the remaining proceeds to fund the operations
of its drug development programs including its Barer Institute subsidiary, and for general corporate purposes. Under the SPA, two entities,
on whose Boards of Directors Howard Jonas, the Registrant s Chairman of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer serves, each
purchased shares of Class B common stock for consideration of million each. The shares and warrants were issued in reliance
on the exemption from registration provided for under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

F- 29 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the shares of Class B common stock purchased by such purchaser.
The Company issued warrants to purchase shares of Class B common stock to the purchasers. The Company determined
that these warrants are equity-classified. 

warrants, resulting in a total of shares of Class B common stock issued for proceeds of approximately
 million. At July 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price
of per share, all of which expire . 

operating
segments, Pharmaceuticals and Real Estate. The Company s reportable segments are distinguished by types of service, customers and
methods used to provide their services. The operating results of these business segments are regularly reviewed by the Company s
CEO and chief operating decision-maker. 

At July 31, 2020, the building was classified as held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 30 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Loss from operations 

At Year Ended July 31, 2020 

Revenues 

Loss from operations 

Total assets 

July 31, 2020 

Long-lived assets, net 

Total assets 

F- 31 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Shares issuable upon exercise of warrants to purchase Class B common stock 

Total 

shares of
Class B common stock (the Institutional Shares ), par value per share, to the Institutional Investors, at a purchase
price equal to per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million, before deducting placement agent fees and
other offering expenses. Additionally, pursuant to the Jonas Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock
to I9Plus, LLC, at a purchase price equal to per share, which was equal to the closing price of a share of the Class B common stock
on the New York Stock Exchange on August 19, 2021 (the Jonas Offering ). The Jonas Offering resulted in additional aggregate
gross proceeds of approximately million. The total net proceeds from the issuance of shares was million after deducting transaction
costs of million. 

. The first advance made to the Debtor was in the amount of on September 24, 2021. On October 1, 2021, a second
advance was made to the Debtor in the amount of . 

F-32 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2021ex4-2_rafaelhold.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of (i) 35 million shares of Class A common stock, (ii) 200 million shares of Class B common stock,
and (iii) 10 million shares of Preferred Stock. 

The
following description of our classes of authorized stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to our charter and bylaws, copies of which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit
4.2 is a part. 

Class
A Common Stock 

Holders
of shares of our Class A common stock are entitled to three votes for each share on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders. Holders
of our Class A common stock are entitled to share ratably in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of
Directors in its discretion from funds legally available therefor. Each share of our Class A common stock may be converted, at any time
and at the option of the holder, and automatically converts upon transfers to unaffiliated parties, into one fully paid and non-assessable
share of our Class B common stock. 

As of October 11, 2021, there were 787,163 of our
shares of Class A common stock outstanding. 

Class
B Common Stock 

Holders
of shares of our Class B common stock are entitled to one tenth of one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders.
Holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to share ratably in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board
of Directors in its discretion from funds legally available therefor. 

As of October 11, 2021, there were 19,873,219 shares
of Class B common stock outstanding. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Board of Directors has the authority to fix the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of
those shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. 

As of October 11, 2021, there were no shares of
our preferred stock were outstanding. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Our Charter and By-Laws 

Some
provisions of Delaware law and our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws could make the following more difficult: 

acquisition of us by means
 of a tender offer; 

acquisition of us by means
 of a proxy contest or otherwise; or 

removal of our incumbent officers
 and directors. 

These
provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions also
are designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board of Directors. We believe that the
benefits of increased protection give us the potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal
to acquire or restructure us and outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging those proposals because negotiation of them could result
in an improvement of their terms. 

Certificate
of Incorporation; By-Laws 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws contain provisions that could make more difficult the acquisition of us by means of a tender
offer, a proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are summarized below. 

Undesignated
Preferred Stock. The authorization of our undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue
our preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us.
These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes of control of our management. 

Size
of Board and Vacancies. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the number of directors on our Board of Directors will
be between three and seventeen. Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in our authorized number of directors or any
vacancies in our Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause
will be filled solely by the vote of our remaining directors in office. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.01>
 3
 f10k2021ex21-01_rafaelhold.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit
21.01 

DOMESTIC
SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 

 Altira
Capital Consulting, LLC (DE) 

 Barer
Institute, Inc. (DE) 

 Broad-Atlantic
Associates, LLC (DE) 

 CS
Pharma Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Mort2Chai Partners, LLC) (DE) 

 Farber
Partners, LLC (DE) 

 Hillview
Avenue Realty, LLC (DE) 

 Hillview
Avenue Realty JV, LLC (DE) 

 IDT
225 Old NB Road, LLC (DE) 

 Pharma
Holdings, LLC (f/k/a IDT-Rafael Holdings, LLC(DE) 

 Rafael
Holdings Realty, Inc. (f/k/a IDT Capital, Inc.) (DE) 

 Rafael
Medical Devices, LLC (DE) 

 RP
Finance LLC (DE) 

 The
Barer Institute, LLC (f/k/a Rafael Realty, LLC) (NJ) 

FOREIGN
SUBSIDIARIES 

IDT
R.E. Holdings Ltd. (Israel) 

 Levco
Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. (Israel) 

 LipoMedix
Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Israel) 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2021ex23-1_rafaelhold.htm
 CONSENT OF COHNREZNICK LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in registration statement No. 333-225115 on Form S-8, registration statement No. 333-256865 on Form S-3, registration statement No.
333-256565 on Form S-3, registration statement No. 333-253455 on Form S-3 and registration statement No. 333-259524 on Form S-4 of
Rafael Holdings, Inc. of our report dated October 18, 2021 related to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Rafael
Holdings, Inc. as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended, included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rafael
Holdings, Inc. for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP 

New York, New York 

 October 18, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.01>
 5
 f10k2021ex31-01_rafaelhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.01 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Ameet Mallik, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rafael Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 18, 2021 

/s/
 Ameet Mallik 

Ameet Mallik 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 6
 f10k2021ex31-02_rafaelhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.02 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Patrick Fabbio, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rafael Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 18, 2021 

/s/ Patrick Fabbio 

Patrick Fabbio 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 7
 f10k2021ex32-01_rafaelhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.01 

RAFAEL
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Certification
Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Rafael Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended July
31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ameet Mallik, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
my knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
October 18, 2021 

/s/
 Ameet Mallik 

Ameet
 Mallik 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Rafael Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Rafael Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 8
 f10k2021ex32-02_rafaelhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.02 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Certification Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Rafael Holdings, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended July 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, Patrick Fabbio, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: October 18, 2021 

/s/ Patrick Fabbio 

Patrick Fabbio 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Rafael Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Rafael Holdings,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rfl-20210731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 rfl-20210731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rfl-20210731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rfl-20210731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rfl-20210731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

