<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211105_10-K_edgar_data_1127475_0001185185-21-001609.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3276948</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124182</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>450250</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1031273</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>880284</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>709119</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-21-001609.hdr.sgml : 20211105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211105124102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-21-001609
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digital Brand Media & Marketing Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001127475
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				593666743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52838
		FILM NUMBER:		211383447

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		747 THIRD AVE, 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-722-2706

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		747 THIRD AVE, 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RTG VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001031

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-21-001609.txt : 20211105

10-K
 1
 dbmm20210831_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

dbmm20210831_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED: August 31, 2021 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to ______________ 

Commission file number: 333-85072 

DBMM GROUP 

 DIGITAL BRAND MEDIA MARKETING GROUP, INC. 

 WWW.DBMMGROUP.COM 

 (Name of small business issuer in its charter) 

Florida 

59-3666743 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.) 

845 Third Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10022 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(646) 722-2706 

 (Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

DBMM 

OTC Markets 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrants most recently completed fourth fiscal quarter: on August 31, 2021: 1,112,660 

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 

Common Stock, par value .001 per share: 757,718,631 Outstanding as of November 5, 2021 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

If the following documents are incorporated by reference, briefly describe them and identify the part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (i) any annual report to security holders; (ii) any proxy or information statement; and (iii) any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ). The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g. annual reports to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). 

None 

Transitional Small Business Disclosure Format (Check one): Yes No 

FORM 10-K 

For the Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2021, and 2020 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Description of Business 

4 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

4 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

5 

Item 2. 

Description of Property 

5 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

5 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

5 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

6 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

6 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

7 

Item 8. 

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

21 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

22 

Item 9A (T). 

Controls and Procedures 

22 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

23 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

25 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

26 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

26 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

26 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits 

27 

Signatures 

28 

PART I 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of, among other factors, risks related to the large amount of our outstanding term loans; history of net losses and accumulated deficits; reliance on third parties to market, sell and distribute our products; future capital requirements; competition and technical advances; reliance on a small number of customers for a significant percentage of our revenues; and other risks. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report will in fact occur. 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

ABOUT OUR BRAND DIGITAL CLARITY 

Digital Clarity is the trading brand for Stylar Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc (DBMM), through its office in London, England. The Company is a multi-service digital marketing agency which specializes in creating effective strategies and campaigns for clients across a range of vertical markets, working in four key areas: 

Search Engine Marketing for search engines like Google, Yahoo Microsoft Bing 

Analytics measuring and analyzing web traffic to optimize performance. 

Strategy Consulting digital transformation and marketing strategy. 

Social Media planning and measuring social metrics digitally in order to diagnose strategy. 

DBMM Group can leverage its team s experience in digital media and provide leading strategy, deployment and measurement to its core markets in many industry sectors, from creative to traditional corporate. The vertical B2B sectors encompass areas such as B2B ecommerce, SaaS, Blockchain, Fintech, Software Sales and Technology. 

The Company is rolling out the services of both the technology and marketing services offerings from its operating base in the UK with a plan to increase its presence into the larger markets in the US. namely Los Angeles and New York. The intent in fiscal year 2022 will be a strategy of cash infusion to immediately correlate to increased revenues. Growth is clearly a function of available capital. Fiscal year 2021 reflected the Company's continued progress by being awarded contracts for a number of new clients, in the midst of a very challenging year because of external factors beyond the Company s control, specifically the pandemic and the SEC Matter awaiting the Commission s final affirmation of the dismissal. The contract model strategy results in a full digital technology and marketing consultancy from design following an analysis of the client's analytics, then executing and stewarding the evolution of the model. The Company's mantra is "ROI is our DNA," the underlying focus for business development. 

EMPLOYEES 

As of August 31, 2021, the Company had 7 full-time employees. 

COMPETITION 

There is strong competition in the digital marketing arena, though with the right level of investment and marketing, Digital Clarity has a confident outlook in using its experience to win new business in both local and international markets. DBMM has significant business relationships in place because it has a differentiating model. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

4

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 

DBMM's Corporate address is 845 Third Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10022. The operating headquarters is located in the UK as Stylar Ltd., trading as Digital Clarity. is on a month-to-month lease at 1,416, as it is evaluating larger quarters. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The U.S. Securities Exchange Commission instituted an Administrative Proceeding, File No. 3-17990, on May 16, 2017 to revoke the Company's registration statement because of delinquent filings. A hearing was held on August 9, 2017 and the Initial Decision to revoke the registration was dated November 16, 2017. The order was subsequently remanded by order of the U.S. Supreme Court in December 2017. The Company responded to the Remand with evidence of mitigating circumstances under a Protective Order and filed all its delinquent filings: a Super 10-K for 2015-2016-2017 on May 31, 2018 and 10-Q's for 2018 1Q, 2Q on June 22, 2018 and 3Q on July 15, 2018, its due date. 

The Hearing for January 15, 2019 was re-scheduled because of government shutdown. Digital Brand entered a Motion to Dismiss the Proceedings on March 19, 2019 based on being current as of July 2018, and all filings to date have been filed on time for the 2019 fiscal year. The facts were presented at the hearing. The Division did not support the dismissal in a response to which Digital Brand filed two Amendments to the Consolidated 10-K for 2015- 2016-2017 and the 10-K for 2018 on April 23 and 24, 2019 respectively, and Amendments No. 2 on October 1, 2019 to supersede language in Part II, Item 9A. On November 12, 2019, Carol Fox Foelak, Administrative Law Judge, Securities Exchange Commission ordered an Initial Decision/Dismissal of the Proceeding. The Dismissal becomes effective under Rule 360 of the Commission's Rules of Practice, 17 C.F.R., Section 201.360, following the Commission s Order of Finality. On December 3, 2019 The Division of Enforcement Submitted a Petition for Review of Judge Carol Fox Foelak s Initial Decision dismissing the Administrative Proceedings rendered on November 12, 2019. The Company filed a Motion for summary affirmance of the Initial Decision on December 20, 2019. The Motion for Summary Affirmance was not opposed by Enforcement. 

On January 25, 2021, the Commission denied the Company s Motion for Summary Affirmance of Judge Carol Fox-Foelak s Dismissal of November 12, 2019 and granted the Division s Petition for Review and set a briefing schedule beginning February 24, 2021. The Commission concluded that briefing in the ordinary course would...assist the Commission. This appeal raises issues as to which we have an interest in articulating our views and important matters of public interest, including the proper application of the standard that governs determination of sanctions in a Section 12(j) proceeding. Both parties have briefed and concluded April, 2021. The Company is disappointed that so much time has been lost and intends to vociferously support the original Dismissal after two years. 

From time to time, the Company has become or may become involved in certain lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company intends to vigorously defend its positions. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in those or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its financial position, or our business and the outcome of these matters cannot be ultimately predicted. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

N/A 

5

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET INFORMATION 

Our common stock is currently listed for quotation on the OTC under the symbol DBMM . 

PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA 

The following table sets forth, for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low closing bid prices per share for our common stock, as reported by on PinkSheets.com. Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Year Ended August 31, 2021: 

High 

Low 

First Quarter 

0.007 

0.002 

Second Quarter 

0.0074 

0.0014 

Third Quarter 

0.0074 

0.001 

Fourth Quarter 

0.002 

0.0001 

Year Ended August 31, 2020: 

High 

Low 

First Quarter 

0.007 

0.0002 

Second Quarter 

0.007 

0.0017 

Third Quarter 

0.0032 

0.0015 

Fourth Quarter 

0.0076 

0.0015 

The last reported sale price of the common stock on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board on August 31, 2021 and 2020 were 0.0015 and 0.0076 per share, respectively. As of August 31, 2021, and 2020, there were 120 holders of record of our common stock, respectively. 

DIVIDENDS 

We have never declared any cash dividends with respect to our common stock. Future payment of dividends is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other relevant factors. Although there are no material restrictions limiting, or that are likely to limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, we presently intend to retain future earnings, if any, for use in our business and have no present intention to pay cash dividends on our common stock. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As a smaller reporting company , as defined by Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

6

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Readers are cautioned that certain statements contained herein are forward-looking statements and should be read in conjunction with our disclosures under the heading "Forward-Looking Statements" above. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. This discussion also should be read in conjunction with the notes to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Report. 

OPERATIONS OVERVIEW/OUTLOOK 

The Company developed a document called the Creds Deck which provides a description to prospective clients of Digital Clarity s value proposition http://www.dbmmgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Digital-Clarity-Creds-Deck_DB64F.pdf. 

Coronavirus lockdown initially halted, and even now has slowed down, many business processes starting from manufacturing, supply chain to logistics, and marketing. Digital Clarity is no exception, and the negative impact for over a year and a half, is measurable. 

Some businesses have permanently closed or paused their digital marketing activities temporarily, because of this uncertainty. That mindset results in drastically decreased online traffic, sales, engagement, conversation, and pushed down search ranking. There are opportunities emerging, and Digital Clarity is actively pursuing new clients in a new environment. 

Digital marketing is not a quick-fix solution to gain momentum. Therefore, it does not give companies visibility overnight. Many companies using digital marketing techniques such as search engine optimization (SEO) or social media marketing, are already aware that implementations take three to four months time to achieve positive results. Our company mantra remains, ROI is our DNA. 

This means that although there has been a slowdown in existing business and new business development, there is a need for reinforcement of the digital values proposition to bring or maintain a company s brand front and center. As a consultancy, we are delivering the message. 

Operationally, fiscal year 2021 has been important in continuing the direction of the Company and steering it toward a scaled growth plan which has been in neutral while the Company addressed certain external challenges beyond its control. This has also been impacted by the worldwide pandemic of Covid-19. Nevertheless, the Company continued to focus on the positive, proven operating model and used that model to maintain certain existing clients and through its digital infrastructure, is perfectly placed to expand geographic reach to new clients in 2022. 

Through a turbulent 2020 to date, DBMM continues to build on its strengths. Like the rest of the world, the effect of Covid-19 and the Pandemic that still persists are a paramount concern, the Company has strong relationships within the market and will continue to extend its business focus to a wide variety of industry verticals. 

No one expected that the pandemic and the SEC matter, would remain open for as long as it has. 

The heart of the business is its marketing consultancy. DBMM Group s main business Digital Clarity works in the area of Digital Marketing and company transformation. Understanding each client and developing the model to individualize the outlook has been essential, is differentiating and is its competitive advantage. This kind of close relationship with its clients resulted in Digital Clarity being considered a close professional and trusted advisor. 

WHY DIGITAL EXPERTS CONTINUE TO BE IN DEMAND 

The world is changing, and technology is taking the lead. Today, everything is going digital -- entertainment, health, real estate, banking and even currencies. This is, however, understandable. In North America alone, 95 of the population are online (statista). 

With everything turning to digital, it means companies are also jumping online to market their businesses. And to survive the challenges of digital marketing, brands need to keep up with the latest trends. Successfully reaching one s target audience is no longer just putting out TV and print ads. These days, social media is the new arena of digital marketers, with Statista claiming 3.7 billion people are active social media users as of October 2021. 

To keep up with the ever-changing scene, digital marketing experts need to stay in step with the evolving tech trends. Social media marketing companies like ours work tirelessly to research consumers and what makes them engage with brands. We try to find the best online solutions that will cater to our clients end-users queries in the easiest and most cost-efficient way possible -- be it by developing new technology or adapting to trends. 

7

RELENTLESS DIGITAL GROWTH POSITIONS DIGITAL CLARITY AS A LEADER 

The need for seasoned expertise and insight is in huge demand. Digital Clarity s strength, heritage and reach in the digital marketing puts the DBMM brand in an excellent position for investment and growth. Digital Clarity s strength in Search Engine Marketing, Analytics, Social Media, Strategic Company Transformation means that the Company is ready to feed on that demand and leapfrog into a powerful revenue focused vehicle. 

SHOPPERS STILL USE A MIX OF DIGITAL TOUCHPOINTS DURING COVID-19 ALONG THE BUYING JOURNEY 

In the discovery and evaluation part of the journey, search engines, social media feeds, and influencers are popular ways for shoppers to get product inspiration outside a brand s properties. 

In the buying part of the journey, there are new types of purchase points emerge. Mobile wallets are behind e-mail as a place to make purchases. And 63 begin making purchase through social media. 

CUSTOMERS STILL FACE SILOS ACROSS CHANNELS THE DIGITAL LANDCAPE THROUGH THE PANDEMIC 

Customers are accessing multiple touchpoints during a purchase but there is a significant disconnect within companies. 

75 of consumers expect consistent interactions across all departments. 

However, 58 say that they feel like they re communicating with separate departments and not one company. 

And when it comes to service issues, 70 of customers expect all of the reps to have the same information about them, but 64 say that they have to re-explain issues. 

AREAS THAT DIGITAL CLARITY EXCEL ARE AREAS THAT NEED TO BE CONSIDERED TODAY 

Market from Home - Deploy campaigns quickly from home, collaborate across teams and keep marketers engaged with apps 

Engage Customers with Empathy - Listening to customers, use real-time data to better understand their current situation and needs 

Personalize Digital Communications - Accelerate digital channel adoptions, deliver the right message, to the right person, at the right time 

Optimize Budget Spends Digital Clarity unify marketing performance and make real-time decisions to minimize the negative impact 

Among, its range of services, Digital Clarity help companies get found on search engines like Google. The Market Share chart from Statista, we can see that Google has the lion s share of the search market worldwide. As a Google Premier Partner, Digital Clarity are well placed to advise, consult and grow companies, in 2021 and beyond. 

From Google s parent Alphabet s latest results, In the third quarter of 2020, Google's revenue amounted to 46.02 billion U.S. dollars, up from 37.99 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding quarter. Google's main revenue source is advertising through Google sites and its network. 

HOW MACHINE LEARNING IS ENHANCING DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGY 

Digital Clarity applies strategy to algorithmic based machine learning tools. The launch of Google s new machine learning tool, RankBrain which contributes to search engine results, left many people wondering what impact machine learning would have in the realm of Search Engine Optimization (SEO). 

With the tech industry going crazy for all things Artificial Intelligence (AI), Natural Language Processing (NLP), machine learning, and chatbots companies like Digital Clarity help brands make sense of this ever-changing landscape. 

MACHINE LEARNING AND DIGITAL MARKETING 

Because machine learning is being used to solve a huge set of diverse problems with the help of data, channels, content, and context, as marketers, Digital Clarity stands to benefit from this information and phenomenon as a whole. But, as the information we gather grows, digital marketing as we know it is set to change. Digital Clarity will be at the forefront of this change. 

8

PAY PER CLICK (PPC) CAMPAIGNS 

With Google launching new smart features such as Google Smart Bidding, Smart Display Campaigns, and In-Market Audience to help businesses maximize conversions, it is clear that the future of PPC lies in machine learning. 

To become more strategic and take PPC campaigns to the next level for its clients, Digital Clarity: 

Get to grips with the metrics that are most valuable to your business 

Understand obstacles that could get in the way of meeting your goals 

Know the underlying performance drivers to make more strategic decisions 

SEARCH - OVERALL 

Search makes up half (52 of advertising spend, increasing on par at 15 to 3.3bn, next is non-video display at 1.33bn (+9 ), then video display 967m (40 ). Classifieds remains at 726m and other remained at 41m. 

DIGITAL CLARITY EMBRACE GOOGLE S MACHINE LEARNING MARKETING SUITE 

Machine learning and AI have grown at a rapid pace and are an integral part of day to day search advertising management and planning. Though machine learning has been an integral part of the ad world, what has been more significant has been the addition of Artificial Intelligence or AI. According to a recent report in The Harvard Business Review by Deloitte, AI in Digital Marketing is not just getting bigger, it s getting far more persuasive 

MIT researchers recently unveiled a chip that can perform inference using neural network computations three to seven times faster than previous chips, and with up to 95 percent less power consumption. Dozens of companies working on new generations of AI chips for use both in and outside of data centers are attracting significant investment. These companies raised more than 1.5 billion in funding last year, nearly twice the amount they raised the year before. 

DIGITAL CLARITY PERFECTLY POSITIONED FOR THE FUTURE 

According to Gartner's Digital Business Acceleration report: Where to Focus Now, Enterprises have the intention of becoming more digital due to COVID-19. 

9

CONTENT MARKETING 

Although still extremely important, the internet has become inundated with too much content. There is consensus among companies that in order to succeed, brands need to be creating content that is valuable to readers. To do this, you need to understand consumer trends, data and engagement. Machine learning tools alongside Digital Clarity s strategic approach allows its clients to reduce the amount of time spent tracking data, as well as better decipher that data to create actionable tasks that will lead to success. 

DIGITAL MARKETING SERVICES 

There is no denying that 2020/21 has proved challenging for Digital Marketing Services. When the pandemic hit in March 2020, many companies long-term plans and strategies were thrown out the window, as everyone from the frontlines to the C-suite shifted into fire-fighting mode. Many worked around the clock by leveraging remote technology. 

Most businesses, except for those engaged in essentials, have been at a standstill and enterprises are cutting back on costs. The axe falls on marketing. The virus has brought most scheduled digital marketing plans to a grinding halt or slowed them down. The impact is felt in digital marketing, with predicted patterns now appearing skewed. 

During the main part of the lock-down., Google announced 800 million in funding and grants for businesses advertisers. It has on offer 340 million in credits for active advertisers. The clear opportunity is at the foundation of the Company, namely the need to expedite and continue to encourage development in the digital marketing services sector. The marketing services product is labour intensive and thus the Company must jumpstart the growth by significant capital to grow simultaneously in multiple geographies. 

The Company s outlook remains robust for 2022 and the foreseeable future, particularly as businesses adjust and redirect their retail business to online digital marketing in the COVID / Post COVID world. 

KEY MILESTONES 

During the fiscal 2021, revenues decreased due to external circumstances out of the company s control which placed enormous pressure on the operating business. 

Despite these circumstances, the client base is expanding in base number and the size of client serviced. At any point in time, our clients represent a variety of industries. Many of these clients choose to operate under an NDA as our clients see DBMM as a competitive advantage. Under that disclaimer, we cannot share all clients names, but here are a few key clients representing diverse verticals, as follows: 

1. 

Leading project management software and solution provider to the construction industry Kahua Inc, announced it was ramping up growth using the power of digital marketing in partnership with digital consultancy, Digital Clarity. 

2. 

Digital Clarity shortlisted for prestigious UK Search Awards in the hotly contested Best Use of Search along with client Bentley SYNCHRO, a global construction project management software company that supports the professional needs of those responsible for creating and managing the world s infrastructure. 

3. 

Synergy SKY, a Norwegian based company that develops and markets software platforms to manage all meetings and video conferences, announce online marketing partnership with Digital Clarity. 

4. 

Digital Clarity release SEO Guides for business during Covid-19 Pandemic. The company has a long history with Google search both paid and organic, with these guides specifically focusing on three core areas: 

The Importance of a Strong Internal Linking Strategy 

How to Get to the Top of Google 

How Much Does SEO Cost? 

5. 

The Luxury Property Show partners with Digital Clarity. The Luxury Property Show at Olympia London and is the only event in Europe dedicated to luxury and high-value property aimed at High-net-Worth Individuals. 

10

Other examples are representative of the diversity of client base. DBMM's approach using a client's analytics and executing an individualized model to increase ROI as the prime objective, spans a wide range of industries. 

Digital Clarity s services are in demand and the company is pursuing opportunities in Formula 1, Aviation and high-end marketing for Luxury Brands. 

Core industry verticals for Digital Clarity include: FinTech, Unified Communication Companies and discretionary advice for professional service providers. 

SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION EVOLUTION 

From an SEO point of view, keywords could become less important. Search engines receive more revenue for ads when they provide users with higher quality content. As a result, the algorithm they use needs to be more focused on providing each user with content that will serve a specific purpose, rather than be packed with the right keyword density. Therefore, the need to start thinking about the quality of your content as a ranking factor on search engines. This is where Digital Clarity comes in to help shape content in the right way to direct potential buyers to the client s website. 

THE NEXT-GENERATION SEARCH ENGINE MARKET SET TO GROW 25.5 DURING 2021-2026 

Over the last few years, the number of voice searches witnessed an exponential growth rate. Also, it is becoming less of a novelty and more like a new standard. Therefore, the next-generation search engines are more oriented toward voice-based search engines. 

Next-generation search engines are also increasing because of deep neural networks, machine learning, and other advancements in AI technologies. Virtual assistants, such as smart speakers, are used for various applications across several end-user industries, such as retail, BFSI, and healthcare. One major consumer-facing application is as a personal assistant. It helps consumers accomplish various tasks. For instance, Apple's Siri offers an intuitive interface for connected homes or cars. 

These assistants' capabilities can be personalized based on the end-user, thereby improving customer experience in various industries. Thus, although the personal segment holds a significant position, the commercial segment holds a massive opportunity to expand over the forecast period, owing to the growing industrial applications. For instance, virtual assistants can help customers find a doctor's office in the healthcare sector, fill and refill a prescription, and receive payment reminders. 

Moreover, the voice search mobility trend is growing at a high pace with the advancements in speech recognition technology or voice search technology. Google has a 95 accuracy rate when spoken correctly in English. Moreover, Google voice search on smartphones is available in over 60 languages. 

 Personalized responses are one of the famous use cases of voice search, which Google has attained to a large extent, as Google can know and guess the next question the users will be most likely to ask. On the other hand, Alexa cannot understand the context to the same extent as Google. Alexa relies on custom-built skills and protocols, whereas the Google Assistant can understand specific user requests and further personalize the response. 

THE GROWTH OF DIGITAL MARKETING CONSULTANCY SERVICES 

The skill set historically owned by agencies offering disciplines such as UX, design, creativity, customer-centric data analytics and customer engagement is now being immersed with large consultancy businesses whose traditional bread and butter was Digital Transformation. 

Accenture, Deloitte, IBM, KPMG, McKinsey and PricewaterhouseCoopers rank among the most aggressive players in acquiring and partnering with agencies such as Digital Clarity. They present not only an opportunity for Digital Clarity but also a prospective exit and investment opportunity. 

Digital Clarity have continued to develop their Digital Consulting and Strategy Planning offering. The forward looking program is to be a recognized leader in this field and fulfill companies seeking Digital Transformation for their originations. 

THE NEED FOR PROFESSIONAL CONSULTANCY AND OPPORTUNITY FOR MASSIVE GROWTH 

Four consultancies lead Ad Age's ranking of the 10 largest agency companies in the world. With combined revenue of 13.2 billion, the marketing services units of Accenture, PwC, IBM and Deloitte sit just below WPP, Omnicom, Publicis Groupe, Interpublic and Dentsu. Last year, only two consultancies Accenture Interactive and IBM iX made the top 10. IBM iX was the first to break into the top 10. 

11

Given the experience of the team, Digital Clarity s advisory and consultancy is in demand. With the recent growth in these business areas, and the rise of consultancies, it is confirmation that Digital Clarity is headed in the right direction for growth. 

THE GROWTH OF DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION WORLDWIDE 

The Global Digital Transformation Market size is expected to reach 1,302.9 billion by 2027, rising at a market growth of 20.8 CAGR during the forecast period. Digital transformation is considered as the utilization of digital technology. Digitally transformed enterprises can be flexible to the changing technological landscape and can address abrupt shifts in the industry, particularly the one presently created by the COVID-19 pandemic; studies show that the efficiency and rate of adaptation of digitally transformed companies to a post-pandemic era are relatively larger than conventional businesses. Source 

Digital Clarity can help various businesses that have been considerably affected by the global outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. One of the significant challenges for the global economy in 2020 was to facilitate business continuity in the midst of social distancing guidelines, lockdowns norms, work-from-home culture, and other operational challenges. The lack of availability of digital strategies, infrastructure, or tools worsens the challenges for various companies that were needed to abruptly shift operations online or allow workers to work from their homes. 

The situation, on the other hand, resulted in a considerable surge in awareness regarding the urgent requirement for digital transformation across a majority of the industries and created some lucrative opportunities for the global market. Companies are getting more aware of the advantages of digital transformation, particularly in the work-from-home culture that needs a business to allow the employees to easily learn, collaborate and perform organizational functions across remote locations. 

DIGITAL CONTINUES TO DRIVE GROWTH IN CONSULTING 

Such is the dominance of US consulting, that its status as the world s largest consulting market barely bears mentioning anymore. The global consulting market grew by about 8 to 160 billion in 2020, but accounting for 44 of that, the US saw another year of meteoric growth last year according to Source Global Research. While it is still undeniably America first when it comes to consulting, however, the battle to be the second largest consulting market is much more tightly contested. 

Despite slowed growth in the UK, the management consulting market in the UK has remained the globe s second largest. Nearest rival Germany accounts for 0.3 less of the global consulting market than Britain. 

12

THE IMPORTANCE OF STRATEGIC CONSULTANCY IN 2021 AND BEYOND 

Across industries, organizations are accelerating digital transformation processes for long-term growth and profitability. Yet: 53 of the organizations surveyed remain untested in the face of digital challenge and their digital transformation readiness therefore uncertain. This report from Gartner highlights the need embrace change. 

Businesses had no choice but to respond quickly to challenging conditions. Although not formally classed as agile , the twists and turns of the pandemic have required executives to innovate on the fly and collaborate to get things done. This has been compounded by working from home, which has cut out distractions and created more time for deep thinking .. Regardless of headcount, a return to more stable trading conditions shouldn t mean running back to the standard practices and silos that previously slowed marketers down. 

Adobe says that, Business-to-business (B2B) commerce will continue to undergo a major transformation in 2021 as companies adopt the latest technologies to find new customers, improve their supply-chain efficiencies, and provide a more personalized user experience to their clientele. 

Digital Clarity has created a unique Diagnosis Workshop that helps brands identify needs as well as assess the opportunity available. The core focus is to help reduce wastage and increase results. 

Areas of focus include: 

Cost analysis 

Audit current channels 

Digital strategy planning 

ROI projection planning 

Digital consulting and training 

13

GLOBAL AD SPEND CONTINUES 

Global advertising spend is expected to grow by 10.4. or US 60bn to US 634bn 

Spend will rise past pre-pandemic levels, a year sooner than previously predicted 

All regions forecast to return to growth in 2021 with Canada, the US and Australia expected to be fastest growing markets in 2021 

Digital continues to drive recovery, returning to double digit growth. It will represent 50.0 share of global spend this year 

Advertising investment is forecast to grow by 10.4 globally in 2021, according to the latest dentsu Ad Spend Report. 

COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE 

Digital advertising is the fastest-growing segment of the global market for advertising spending. The increasing use of smartphones and the availability of cheap internet services are the two major factors propelling the growth prospects for this market. More than 30 of the companies are planning to spend around 75 of their advertising expenditures on digital marketing within the next five years. 

U. S. Marketers are expected to spend 110.1 billion on digital ads this year, or 51 of the 214.6 billion total U.S. advertising spending forecast, excluding political ads. Newspapers, radio, magazines, and local television now account for just 21 of the U.S. ad market. From The Wall Street Journal 

DIGITAL CLARITY HAS A COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE 

Digital Clarity operate in a highly commoditized market but have over the years build a stellar reputation that makes it different from its competitors. Some of these areas include: 

1. 

Our DNA is Strategically Driven 

We believe the path to successful customer acquisition lies in understanding a client s business not just running a campaign. We seek to help clients understand that success has to be objective and measurable. 

2. 

We are Business Led 

Digital marketing is not a cost but an asset. Not a line in a spreadsheet but an emotive force that if done right, will bring real business change and growth. 

3. 

We are Digital Thinkers 

Marketing has to be at the heart of the business. Delivering real innovation in digital marketing requires not just knowledge but authority and bravery. We think digital. We drive results. 

4. 

Our goal is to deliver Digital Performance 

We help our clients to understand their goals and objectives, using digital marketing to drive new business opportunities and retain their current customers. 

In April 2020, HIS Markit, research firm, reported: Each dollar that companies spent on advertising in the United States last year, led to 9 in sales. 

THE GROWTH OF B2B SOCIAL MEDIA 

2020 will go down as the year that marketing was pulled into the boardroom. 80 of senior executives said the role of marketing in setting strategy has expanded since the pandemic. Traditional consumers have moved online, making the digital environment even more important right now. 

This priority has raised the profile of marketing as companies scramble to understand the digital-first consumer. The battleground for 2021 will be about speed and agility. Now that many companies have treasure troves of data, the difference is how fast they can personalise the experience and respond to consumer behaviour. Expect to see more investment and innovation in technology infrastructure alongside marketing. 

40 of B2B content marketers increased their investment in social media and online communities in response to COVID-19. 

76 of B2B organizations use social media analytics to measure content performance. 

By 2025, 80 of B2B sales interactions will occur on digital channels. 

U.S. B2B business will spend an estimated 1.64 billion on LinkedIn ads in 2021, 1.99 billion in 2022, and 2.33 billion in 2023. 

14

Almost all B2B content marketers (96 use LinkedIn. They also rated it as the top-performing organic platform. 

GROWTH IN LINKEDIN ADVERTISING SET TO SOAR TILL 2023 

For paid social posts, the picture is similar but not identical. 

LinkedIn again comes out on top (80 ). 

But Facebook outranks Twitter and Instagram outranks YouTube. 

GLOBAL B2B ECOMMERCE SALES IN 2021 

In the US alone, B2B eCommerce sales will hit 1.184 trillion by the end of 2021. 

The predominance of B2B ecommerce means that B2B businesses must improve and simplify their shopping journey, channeling the B2C ordering experience. The B2B shopping experience is a lot more complicated than that of a B2C buyer. 

Because of the nature of the transaction, B2B buyers usually need to go through various steps, including sales representative interaction, negotiations, and approvals before they can make a successful purchase. In short, B2B eCommerce businesses must adapt to a more seamless transaction building advanced functionality quote management, price negotiation, easy ordering, order and inventory management for the B2B market. 

15

According to Forbes Magazine in 2021 the largest ecommerce markets are: 

1 

China: 

636 billion 

2 

United States: 

504 billion 

3 

Japan: 

104 billion 

4 

United Kingdom: 

86 billion 

5 

Germany: 

70 billion 

6 

France: 

43 billion 

7 

South Korea: 

37 billion 

8 

Canada: 

30 billion 

9 

Russia 

20 billion 

10 

Brazil 

19 billion 

US B2B DIGITAL AD MARKET SET FOR POST PANDEMIC GROWTH 

According to eMarketer's July 2021 forecast, 2023 will be a pivotal year for the US B2B digital ad market as spending approaches 15 billion. By then, the seismic transformation spurred by the pandemic will be permanent. 

Last year, US B2B pivoted from in-person channels to digital ads to reach audiences. In 2021, the growth in digital ad spending will be even greater than was originally estimated by eMarketer, indicating the shift to digital isn t slowing down. 

Digital ads will also remain a more prevalent part of the B2B media mix in the coming years. 

US B2BS SPEND ON LINKEDIN DISPLAY 

LinkedIn makes up the largest share of US B2B display in 2021 with 32.2 of the 5.09 billion that will be spent on B2B display this year. We estimate US B2B LinkedIn display ad revenues will be 1.64 billion in the US, growing 27.1 from 2020 when 1.29 billion was spent on LinkedIn B2B display. 

US B2BS SPEND ON SEARCH TO INCREASE 

In 2021, US B2Bs will spend 5.36 billion on search ads, more than what will be allocated to display. 

But search s growth rate isn t as strong: It will increase by 19.5 from 2020. 

16

THE NEW NORMAL WILL BE DIGITAL 

In just one-year, digital adoption has happened at five to ten times the projected rate. 

Lockdown periods, economic uncertainty and loss of predictability have forced customers and businesses online in previously unseen numbers. This migration has upset the power balance, with customers now more in control of the relationship and less loyal to brands and products. On top of that, 60 of companies have seen new buying behaviours such as changes to average basket size and product interests. 

Pandemic disruption is also causing many businesses to demand a similar level of convenience to consumers. When we return to normal, there s no question that the new normal will be digital. 

GROWTH IN INVESTOR AWARENESS AND OUTREACH. 

During 2022, Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc. will initiate a significant effort to raise positive awareness of DBMM's growth potential on a global basis. The Company had to continue to defer its 2020/21 plans until certain SEC Matters regarding the delinquent filings brought current in July 2018, remain open. The global pandemic made it impossible to initiate any Investor Awareness Program. 

Hopefully in 2022 the strategic outreach will be directed at investors around the world who understand the digital marketplace and its expanding influence on consumer decisions. DBMM will target new investors through a global digital and traditional integrated investor outreach campaign which will be run by Digital Clarity, with third parties, as required, for distribution. In all areas, the Company will act in the interests of all stakeholders. 

In the full industry context of dramatic expansion of digital footprints, there has been no direct correlation between DBMM's revenues and its share price. Economic and industry analysts have opined that the industry multiple continues to grow to, in some cases, 25-30 times revenues. DBMM will expand its client and geographic scale, thus increasing revenues. There were matters outside of DBMM's control which caused growth to be in neutral, and in 2020/21 the pandemic threw all planning into disarray. With capital infusion, 2022 will follow the model of a growing client base and geographic reach until it achieves a TBD level of profitability. We anticipate the benchmark will replicate successful industry models in digital technology, marketing and company transformation. 

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW/OUTLOOK 

DBMM has been honing its commercial model since the acquisition of Digital Clarity DC in 2011 which has been cash-flow positive as an operating company since its acquisition. External events outside of DBMM's control has precluded the growth expected to this point, however, its margins will continue to be strong on an annual basis, and once the business reaches appropriate scale with assumed profitability and cross-over point, DBMM trajectory suggests a resultant very successful business for all of its stakeholders. 

The growth trajectory anticipated is expected during 2022, following capital infusion and return to normal trading. Once that occurs, the clients benefit immediately due to a wider range of resources; the shareholders will benefit as the market cap grows. The media market multiple far exceeds the old manufacturing multiples, as digital technology and marketing has become one of the fastest growing industries in the world today. 

DBMM's place in the sector is strong. The industry environment continues to grow exponentially and the future of digital marketing as an essential strategy for any consumer-facing business has been proven over-and-over as certain retail businesses are forced to close their doors for lack of or an ineffective digital presence. DBMM's brand, Digital Clarity, increases its valuation with client case studies and industry awards resulting in its being considered a leader in the sector for its size. DBMM's increasing client base, coupled with decreasing certain kind of debt and expenses, positions the Company to attract mezzanine financing, something sought after by many and achieved by few. 

Coincidently, 2020/21 results have slowed down temporarily due to Brexit unease in the UK and clients concern about trade issues with or without the European Union. So in the midst of the uncertainty caused by the Brexit slowdown, the COVID -19 global outbreak has caused further slowdown as clients paused and business development much different during an initial lockdown , then lifted only to be reinstated on November 5, 2020. That only made the uncertainty further exacerbated, while clients need to extend or double down on their digital footprint as the industry has become essential during the pandemic. Nevertheless, Digital Clarity is revising its model to adjust to changing circumstances, when client revenues are paused or delayed. 

17

The Company received a commitment for future working capital in order to grow the Company in key markets, with the intent to move to DBMM profitability following a return to normal trading. At that point, DBMM would not require future financing until it was ready to acquire 1-2 additional companies to complement and further develop the digital marketing business. Growth capital will increase as the client base re-balanced and expands in size and scope. 

Going forward, there will be an emphasis on investor awareness as soon as the SEC dismissal has been affirmed by the full commission. DBMM has been current in its filings since July 2018 and is encouraged by the outlook after normal trading has recommenced. DBMM intends to make significant strides in aggressively widening its brand exposure using a variety of digital and social channels. There are investors around the globe who understand the digital marketplace and its increasing influence on consumer decisions. DBMM will be targeting these new investors in the public market through a global digital and traditional, integrated campaign which will be run by Digital Clarity, with third parties, as required for distribution. 

The expectations for fiscal year 2022 remain to return to normal trading following affirmance of the dismissal by the full commission. The Company intends to move ahead thereafter to the scaled, growth plan in multiple geographies to benefit all stakeholders, being mindful of the impact of the global pandemic. 

During fiscal 2021, and to a lesser extent, in fiscal 2020, we successfully reached agreements with certain lenders resulting in gain on extinguishment for loans payable which amounted to the difference between the carrying value and the revised amount of the obligations. The gain on extinguishment of principal and accrued interest amounted to 169,837 and 57,802 and during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

We also successfully reached an agreement with a holder of convertible debentures aggregating 249,800 to modify its terms. Such debentures are no longer convertible, are now non-interest bearing, and have been reclassified to loans payable. It also resulted in a decrease in derivative liabilities and an increase in additional paid-in capital of approximately 260,000 during fiscal 2021. 

We have not issued convertible debentures since 2015. 

Fiscal Year 2021 

We had approximately 10,000 in cash and our working capital deficiency amounted to approximately 5.5 million at August 31, 2021. 

During fiscal 2021, we used cash in our operating activities amounting to approximately 437,000. Our cash used in operating activities was comprised of our net loss of approximately 701,000 adjusted primarily for the following: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued interest, and accrued compensation, of approximately 273,000, resulting from a short fall in liquidity and capital resources, which is net of gain on extinguishment of debt of approximately 170,000. 

During fiscal 2021, we generated cash from financing activities of approximately 410,000 which primarily consists of the proceeds from demand notes payable of approximately 398,000, offset by an increase in officer loans of approximately 12,000. 

Fiscal Year 2020 

We had approximately 34,000 in cash and our working capital deficiency amounted to approximately 5.1 million at August 31, 2020. 

During fiscal 2020, we used cash in our operating activities amounting to approximately 276,000. Our cash used in operating activities was comprised of our net loss of approximately 656,000 adjusted primarily for the following: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued interest, and accrued compensation, of approximately 332,000, resulting from a short fall in liquidity and capital resources, which is net of gain on extinguishment of debt of approximately 58,000. 

During fiscal 2020, we generated cash from financing activities of approximately 281,000 which primarily consists of the proceeds from demand notes payable of approximately 348,000, offset by repayments and officer loans of 67,000. 

18

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that might result if The Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company has outstanding loans and convertible notes payable aggregating 2.2 million at August 31, 2021 and doesn t have sufficient cash on hand to satisfy such obligations. The preceding raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. However, the Company generated proceeds of approximately 410,000 from financing activities during fiscal 2021. The Company also has a non-binding Commitment Letter from an investor of 250,000 which also includes a right of first refusal on additional capital raise up to 3 million which will contribute to satisfying such obligations and fund any potential cash flow deficiencies from operations for the foreseeable future. 

Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison of Results for fiscal 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Operating Results 

For the Years Ended August 31, 

Increase/ 

Increase/ 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

2021 

2020 

2021 vs 2020 

2021 vs 2020 

SALES 

171,712 

268,957 

(97,245 

(36 

COST OF SALES 

167,669 

241,665 

(73,996 

(31 

GROSS PROFIT 

4,043 

27,292 

(23,249 

(85 

COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Sales, general and administrative 

557,427 

434,164 

(123,263 

28 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

557,427 

434,164 

(123,263 

28 

OPERATING LOSS 

(553,384 

(406,872 

146,512 

36 

OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE 

Interest expense 

327,271 

318,500 

8,771 

3 

Other income 

- 

(12,728 

(12,728 

NM 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

(169,837 

(57,802 

112,035 

NM 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

(9,170 

944 

(10,114 

NM 

TOTAL OTHER EXPENSE 

148,264 

248,914 

(100,650 

(40 

NET LOSS 

(701,650 

(655,786 

45,864 

7 

NM: not meaningful 

We currently generate revenue through our Pay-Per-Click Advertising, Search Engine Marketing, Search Engine Optimization Services, Web Design, Social Media, Digital analytics and Advisory Services. 

Our primary sources of revenue are Per-Click Advertising, Web Design, and Advisory Services, which amounted to 38 , 33 and 21 of our revenues during fiscal 2021. 

19

Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expect to receive in exchange for those services. The Company enter into contracts that can include various combinations of services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 

The decrease in our revenues during fiscal 2021, when compared to the prior year, is due to Brexit unease in the UK and clients concern about trade issues with or without the European Union, and the uncertainty associated with COVID-19 and its impact on Digital Clarity s clients. 

Cost of sales during fiscal 2021 decreased primarily from a reduction a correlated decrease in revenues. 

The increase in general and administrative costs during fiscal 2021, when compared to the prior year, is primarily as a result of lower than usual professional fees and travel expenses due to COVID-19 in fiscal 2020 and lower UK tax credits. 

The increase in interest expense, which include interest accrued on certain notes and loans, is primarily lower rate payable under certain unsecured loans payable in fiscal 2021 when compared to the prior year. Additionally, the Company s gain on extinguishment of debt increased in fiscal 2021 primarily as a result of successful modification of terms on larger notes. The remaining other income and expenses did not significantly change between fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company , as defined by Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

20

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 

F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6 

21

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc. (the Company) as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered net losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB . 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

As discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements, the company has a derivative liability due to a tainted equity environment. 

To evaluate the appropriateness of the fair value determined by management, we examined and evaluated the inputs management used in calculating the fair value of the stock-based compensation. To evaluate the appropriateness of the estimates used by the derivative specialist, we examined and evaluated the inputs the specialist used in calculating the value of the derivatives. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

Houston, TX 

November 5, 2021 

F-1

DIGITAL BRAND MEDIA MARKETING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2021 

2020 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

9,787 

34,461 

Accounts receivable, net 

16,251 

15,333 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

470 

470 

Total current assets 

26,508 

50,264 

Property and equipment - net 

1,420 

1,978 

TOTAL ASSETS 

27,928 

52,242 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

657,275 

438,246 

Accrued interest 

643,331 

587,397 

Accrued compensation 

1,439,886 

1,436,686 

Derivative liability 

506,360 

773,676 

Loans payable, net 

1,648,248 

980,109 

Officers loans payable 

89,709 

77,044 

Convertible debentures, net 

590,991 

840,791 

5,575,800 

5,133,949 

Loan payable, net of short-term portion 

46,192 

49,656 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

5,621,992 

5,183,605 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, Series 1, par value .001; authorized 2,000,000 

			 shares; 1,995,185, and 1,995,185 shares issued and outstanding 

1,995 

1,995 

Preferred stock, Series 2, par value .001; authorized 2,000,000 

			 shares; 0 and 0 shares issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value .001; authorized 2,000,000,000 

			 shares; 757,718,631, and 757,718,631, shares issued and outstanding 

757,718 

757,718 

Additional paid in capital 

9,528,590 

9,270,444 

Other comprehensive loss 

(35,984 

(16,787 

Accumulated deficit 

(15,846,383 

(15,144,733 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

(5,594,064 

(5,131,363 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

27,928 

52,242 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-2

DIGITAL BRAND MEDIA MARKETING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the year ended 

August 31, 2021 

August 31, 2020 

SALES 

171,712 

268,957 

COST OF SALES 

167,669 

241,665 

GROSS PROFIT 

4,043 

27,292 

COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Sales, general and administrative 

557,429 

434,164 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

557,429 

434,164 

OPERATING LOSS 

(553,386 

(406,872 

OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE 

Interest expense 

327,271 

318,500 

Other income 

- 

(12,728 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

(169,837 

(57,802 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

(9,170 

944 

TOTAL OTHER EXPENSES, NET 

148,264 

248,914 

NET LOSS 

(701,650 

(655,786 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Foreign exchange translation 

(19,197 

(26,003 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(720,847 

(681,789 

NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic and diluted 

(0.00 

(0.00 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES 

Basic and diluted 

757,718,631 

757,718,631 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-3

DIGITAL BRAND MEDIA MARKETING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

For the Year Ended August 31, 

2021 

2020 

Series 1 

Preferred Stock 

Shares, beginning and end of year 

1,995,185 

1,995,185 

Preferred Stock 

Balance, beginning and end of year 

1,995 

1,995 

Series 2 

Preferred Stock 

Shares, beginning and end of year 

- 

- 

Preferred Stock 

Balance, beginning and end of year 

- 

- 

Common Stock 

Shares, beginning and end of year 

757,718,631 

757,718,631 

Balance, beginning and end of year 

757,718 

757,718 

Additional paid-in capital 

Balance, beginning of year 

9,270,444 

9,270,444 

Reclassification of liability contracts 

From liability to equity contracts 

258,146 

- 

Balance, end of year 

9,528,590 

9,270,444 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Balance, beginning of year 

(16,787 

9,216 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

(19,197 

(26,003 

Balance, end of year 

(35,984 

(16,787 

Accumulated Deficit 

Balance, beginning of year 

(15,144,733 

(14,488,947 

Net loss 

(701,650 

(655,786 

Balance, end of period 

(15,846,383 

(15,144,733 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

(5,594,064 

(5,131,363 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-4

DIGITAL BRAND MEDIA MARKETING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

(701,650 

(655,786 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

558 

45 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

(9,170 

944 

Bad debt expense 

- 

(1,465 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

(169,837 

(57,802 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

(386 

48,176 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

214,790 

39,388 

Accrued interest 

225,773 

182,500 

Accrued compensation 

3,200 

168,397 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

(436,722 

(275,603 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of equipment 

- 

(521 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

- 

(521 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from loan payable 

398,497 

347,728 

Officer loans payable 

12,240 

(67,090 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

410,737 

280,638 

EFFECT OF VARIATION OF EXCHANGE RATE OF CASH 

HELD IN FOREIGN CURRENCY 

1,311 

12,384 

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH 

(24,674 

16,898 

CASH - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

34,461 

17,563 

CASH - END OF YEAR 

9,787 

34,461 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

- 

- 

Cash paid for taxes 

- 

- 

Noncash financing and investing activities: 

Reclassification of liability contracts 

258,146 

- 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-5

DIGITAL BRAND MEDIA MARKETING GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN 

N ature of Business and History of the Company 

Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc. The Company is an OTC:PK listed company. The Company was organized under the laws of the State of Florida on September 29, 1998. 

The Company strategically focuses on developing the business of its wholly owned and revenue generating online marketing services company, Digital Clarity. With deep DNA in its operating market, blending the services of an experienced professional workforce leveraging a technology offering positions the Company in a strong, forward looking structure. Digital Clarity operates in the growing area of digital marketing that helps companies make the most of the digital economy focusing on areas such as Search Engine Marketing (Google, Yahoo! Bing), Social Media (Twitter, Facebook LinkedIn) and Internet Strategy Planning including Design, Analytics and Mobile Marketing. 

Following the acquisition of Digital Clarity in 2011 the Company has been honing its business model to be the differentiating service provider in digital marketing space to its clients and prospective business as DBMM grows into one of the leaders in the industry going forward. 

Today, DBMM Group crafts, designs and executes digital marketing strategies across multiple ad platforms and social media networks for a broad array of clients to help each of them establish a uniform brand identity across the digital universe. The product offering is a unique value proposition of intelligent analytics provided by an experienced digital marketing and technology team. Therefore, DBMM Group is a blend of data, strategy and creative execution. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that might result if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company has outstanding loans and convertible notes payable aggregating 2.2 million at August 31, 2021 and doesn t have sufficient cash on hand to satisfy such obligations. The preceding raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. However, the Company generated proceeds of approximately 400,000 from financing activities during fiscal 2021. The Company also has a non-binding Commitment Letter from an investor of 250,000 which also includes a right of first refusal on additional capital raise up to 3 million which will contribute to satisfying such obligations and fund any potential cash flow deficiencies from operations for the foreseeable future. 

Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Stylar Ltd (DBA Digital Clarity). All significant inter-company transactions are eliminated. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash in banks. The Company considers cash equivalents to include all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash equivalents as of August 31, 2021 or 2020. 

F-6

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Accounts receivable are presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts. 

The Company has a policy of reserving for uncollectible accounts based on its best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in its existing accounts receivable. The Company periodically reviews its accounts receivable to determine whether an allowance is necessary based on an analysis of past due accounts and other factors that may indicate that the realization of an account may be in doubt. Account balances deemed to be uncollectible are charged to the bad debt expense after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. At August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized 0 as the allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets (primarily three to five years). 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expect to receive in exchange for those services. The Company enter into contracts that can include various combinations of services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 

Nature of Services 

The Company generally provides its services to companies with international exposure, primarily located in Europe but with international exposure. The Company generally provides its services ratably over the terms of the contract and bills such services at a monthly fixed rate. Some of the services are billed quarterly. The Company s services are sold without guarantees. 

Significant Judgments 

Our contracts with customers sometimes often include promises to provide multiple services to a customer. Determining whether services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. 

Judgment is required to determine Standalone Selling Price (SSP) for each distinct performance obligation. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP for items that are not sold separately, including set-up services, monthly search advertising services, and monthly optimization and management. 

Contract Balances 

Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. The Company records a receivable when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing, or unearned revenue when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. 

The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. We determine the allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence. 

Advertising Costs 

Advertising costs, which are included in cost of sales and general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations, are expensed when incurred. Total advertising expenses amounted to 10,895 and 466, during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-7

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Included in these estimates are assumptions about the collection of its accounts receivable, converted amount of cash denominated in a foreign currency, and estimated amounts of cash, the derivative liability could settle, if not in common shares. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Income Taxes 

The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to, Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits. 

The Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement, which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively settled, an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit, even if the tax position is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. 

Earnings (loss) per common share 

The Company utilizes the guidance per FASB Codification ASC 260 "Earnings Per Share". Basic earnings per share is calculated on the weighted effect of all common shares issued and outstanding and is calculated by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share, which is calculated by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares used in the basic earnings per share calculation, plus the number of common shares that would be issued assuming conversion of all potentially dilutive securities outstanding, is not presented separately as it is anti- dilutive. Such securities have been excluded from the per share computations as of August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Derivative Liabilities 

The Company assessed the classification of its derivative financial instruments as of August 31, 2021, which consist of convertible instruments and rights to shares of the Company s common stock and determined that such derivatives meet the criteria for liability classification under ASC 815. 

ASC 815 generally provides three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free-standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument subject to the requirements of ASC 815. ASC 815 also provides an exception to this rule when the host instrument is deemed to be conventional, as described. 

F-8

During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company had notes payable outstanding in which the conversion rate was variable and undeterminable. Accordingly, the Company has recognized a derivative liability in connection with such instruments. The Company uses judgment in determining the fair value of derivative liabilities at the date of issuance at every balance sheet thereafter and in determining which valuation is most appropriate for the instrument (e.g., Binomial method), the expected volatility, the implied risk-free interest rate, as well as the expected dividend rate. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Effective January 1, 2008, the Company adopted FASB ASC 820-Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC 820, for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. ASC 820 establishes a common definition for fair value to be applied to existing generally accepted accounting principles that require the use of fair value measurements establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about such fair value measurements. The adoption of ASC 820 did not have an impact on the Company s financial position or operating results but did expand certain disclosures. 

ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally, ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below. 

Level 1 

Observable inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 

Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 

Level 3 

Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity s own assumptions. 

The Company did not have any Level 2 or Level 3 assets or liabilities as of August 31, 2021, and 2020, with the exception of its derivative liability which are valued based on Level 3 inputs. 

Cash is considered to be highly liquid and easily tradable as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 and therefore classified as Level 1 within our fair value hierarchy. 

In addition, FASB ASC 825-10-25 Fair Value Option, or ASC 825-10-25, was effective January 1, 2008. ASC 825-10-25 expands opportunities to use fair value measurements in financial reporting and permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company did not elect the fair value options for any of its qualifying financial instruments. 

Convertible Instruments 

The Company evaluates and accounts for conversion options embedded in its convertible instruments in accordance with professional standards for Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities . 

Professional standards generally provide three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free-standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. Professional standards also provide an exception to this rule when the host instrument is deemed to be conventional as defined under professional standards as The Meaning of Conventional Convertible Debt Instrument . 

The Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments) in accordance with professional standards when Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features, as those professional standards pertain to Certain Convertible Instruments. Accordingly, the Company records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the related debt to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records when necessary deemed dividends for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. 

F-9

ASC 815-40 provides that, among other things, generally, if an event is not within the entity s control could or require net cash settlement, then the contract shall be classified as an asset or a liability. 

Stock Based Compensation 

We account for the grant of stock options and restricted stock awards in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. ASC 718 requires companies to recognize in the statement of operations the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation. 

Reclassification 

Certain amounts in the prior period financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the presentation of the current period financial statements (gain on extinguishment of debt and interest expense). This reclassification has no effect on the reported results of operations. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries operating in foreign countries are translated into U.S. dollars using either the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date or historical rate, as applicable. Results of operations are translated using the average exchange rates prevailing throughout the year. The effects of exchange rate fluctuations on translating foreign currency assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars are included in a separate component of stockholders equity (accumulated other comprehensive loss), while gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in operations. 

Business Combinations 

In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805, "Business Combinations" ("ASC 805") the Company records acquisitions under the purchase method of accounting, under which the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values. The Company utilizes management estimates and, in some instances, may require an independent third-party valuation firm to assist in determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and contingent consideration granted. Such estimates and valuations require us to make significant assumptions, including projections of future events and operating performance. 

Customer Concentration 

Four and three of the Company's customers accounted for approximately 95 and 92 of its revenues during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Property and equipment consisted of the following: 

Estimated Life 

2021 

2020 

Computer and office equipment 

3 to 5 years 

23,920 

23,920 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

(22,500 

21,942 

1,420 

1,978 

Depreciation expense amounted to 558 and 45 during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-10

NOTE 4 LOANS PAYABLE 

August 31, 

2021 

2020 

Loans payable 

1,694,440 

1,029,765 

August 31, 

2021 

2020 

Loans payable short-term 

1,648,248 

980,109 

Loans payable long-term 

46,192 

49,656 

1,694,440 

1,029,765 

The loans payables are generally due on demand and have not been called, are unsecured, and are bearing interest at a range of 0-12 ., with the exception of one loan payable to a financial institution. Such loan, which amounted to 55,200 at August 31, 2021 bears interest rate at 2.5 , is unsecured, matures in November 2027 with principal and interest payable monthly starting in November 2021. This loan is part of a Bounce Back Loan Scheme from the UK Government. 

During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company successfully reached agreements with certain lenders resulting in gain on extinguishment for loans payable which amounted to the difference between the carrying value and the revised amount of the obligations. The gain on extinguishment of principal and accrued interest amounted to 169,837 and 57,802 and during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The company may have to provide alternative consideration (which may be in cash, fixed number of shares or other financial instruments) up to amounts accrued to satisfy its fixed obligations under certain unsecured loans payable. The consideration hasn t been issued yet and is included in accrued expenses and interest expense and were valued based on the fair value of the consideration at issuance. 

The aggregate schedule maturities of the Company s loans payable outstanding as of August 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Year ended August 31, 

2022 

1,648,248 

2023 

10,994 

2024 

11,199 

2025 

11,408 

2026 

11,621 

Thereafter 

970 

1,694,440 

NOTE 5 CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES 

At August 31, 2020, and August 31, 2019 convertible debentures consisted of the following: 

August 31, 

2020 

2019 

Convertible notes payable 

590,991 

840,791 

The convertible debentures matured in 2015, and bear interest at ranges between 6 and 15 . The convertible debentures are convertible at ratios varying between 45 and 50 of the closing price at the date of conversion through, at its most favorable terms for the holders, the average of the three lowest closing bids for a period of 5-30 days prior to conversion. 

The Company successfully reached an agreement with a holder of convertible debentures aggregating 249,800 to modify its terms. Such debentures are no longer convertible, non-interest bearing, and have been reclassified to loans payable. 

F-11

NOTE 6 OFFICERS LOANS PAYABLE 

August 31, 

2021 

2020 

Officers loans payable 

89,709 

77,044 

The loans payables are due on demand, are unsecured, and are non-interest bearing. 

NOTE 7 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES 

The Company accounts for the embedded conversion features included in its convertible instruments as derivative liabilities. At each measurement date, the fair value of the embedded conversion features was based on the lattice binomial method using the following assumptions: 

Years Ended August 31 

2021 

2020 

Effective Exercise price 

0.0010 - 0.0076 

0.001 - 0.0076 

Effective Market price 

0.0076 

0.0076 

Volatility 

89.61 

82.15 

Risk-free interest 

0.07 

.012 

Terms 

365 days 

365 days 

Expected dividend rate 

0 

0 

Changes in the derivative liabilities during fiscal 20201 and 2020 are as follows: 

Balance at September 1, 2019 

772,732 

Embedded conversion features at issuance 

- 

Changes in fair value of derivative liabilities 

944 

Balance, August 31, 2020 

773,676 

Reclassification of liability contracts 

(258,146 

Changes in fair value of derivative liabilities 

(9,170 

Balance, August 31, 2021 

506,360 

NOTE 8 ACCRUED COMPENSATION 

The Company owes 1,439,886 and 1,436,686 as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in accrued compensation and expenses to certain directors and consultants. The amounts are non-interest bearing. 

NOTE 9 COMMON STOCK AND PREFERRED STOCK 

Preferred Stock- Series 1 and 2 

The designation of the Preferred Stock- Series 1 is as follows: Authorized 2,000,000 shares, par value of 0.001. One share of the Company s Preferred Stock- Series is convertible into 53.04 shares of the Company s common stock, at the holder s option and with the Company s acquiescence, and has three votes per share. 

The designation of the Preferred Stock- Series 2 is as follows: Authorized 2,000,000 shares, par value of 0.001. One share of the Company s Preferred Stock- Series is convertible into one share of the Company s common stock, at the holder s option and with the Company s acquiescence, and has no voting rights. 

F-12

Common Stock 

The Authorized Shares increased to 2,000,000,000 in April 4, 2016. 

NOTE 10 OTHER INCOME 

The Company received a grant of approximately 13,000 from a United Kingdom local governmental entity during fiscal 2020. 

NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Leases 

The Company leases its facilities under non-cancellable operating leases which are renewable monthly as it is evaluating larger quarters. The leases have monthly base rents. The latest monthly base rent for the Company s facilities ranges between 255 and 1,025. 

Total rental expense amounted to 18,402, and 17,203 during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Consulting Agreement 

The annual compensation of Linda Perry is 150,000 for her role as a consultant and as Executive Director for US as well as Principal Executive and Financial Officer) interfaces to provide oversight regarding external regulatory reporting requirements. In addition, Ms. Perry is the lead executive for capital funding requirements and business development. The agreement has a rolling three-year term through September 2022. 

Legal Matters 

From time to time, the Company has become or may become involved in certain lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company intends to vigorously defend its positions. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in those or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its financial position, or our business and the outcome of these matters cannot be ultimately predicted. 

NOTE 12 INCOME TAXES 

For the years ended August 31, 2021, and 2020, the benefit for income taxes differed from the amounts computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate at which rate the tax benefits is expected to occur. The reconciliation is as follows: 

Years Ended August 31 

2021 

2020 

Benefit computed at statutory rate 

147,000 

138,000 

State tax (benefit), net of federal affect 

30,000 

28,000 

Permanent differences (primarily change in fair value of derivative liability) 

2,000 

(3,000 

Increase in valuation allowance 

(179,000 

(163,000 

Net income tax benefit 

- 

- 

The Company has net operating loss carry-forward for income tax totaling purposes approximately 5.9 million at August 31, 2021. A significant portion of these carryforwards is subject to annual limitations due to equity structure shifts or owner shifts involving five percent shareholders (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code) which results in a more than fifty percent change in ownership. 

The net deferral tax asset is as follows: 

Years Ended August 31 

2021 

2020 

Net operating loss carry-forward 

1,514,000 

1,335,000 

Accrued compensation 

364,000 

364,000 

Valuation allowance 

(1,878,000 

(1,699,000 

Net deferred tax asset 

- 

- 

F-13

NOTE 13 FOREIGN OPERATIONS 

As of August 31, 2021, all of our revenues and a majority of our assets are associated with subsidiaries located in the United Kingdom. Assets and revenues as of and for the respective periods were as follows: 

United States 

Great Britain 

Total 

Revenues 

- 

171,712 

171,712 

Total revenues 

- 

171,712 

171,712 

Identifiable assets at August 31, 2020 

9,352 

18,576 

27,928 

As of August 31, 2019, a majority of revenues and assets are associated with subsidiaries located in the United Kingdom. Assets and revenues for the year ended August 31, 2019, were as follows: 

United States 

Great Britain 

Total 

Revenues 

- 

268,957 

268,957 

Total revenues 

- 

268,957 

268,957 

Identifiable assets at August 31, 2019 

8,065 

44,177 

52,242 

NOTE 14 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to August 31, 2021 through the date these financial statements were issued, and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose. 

F-14

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

There are not currently and have not been any disagreements between us and our accountants on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial statement disclosure. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Act. 

Based upon the evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of August 31, 2021. Our management concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in accordance with GAAP. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13 a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. 

Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting, as of August 31, 2021, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as required under item 308(a) of Regulations S-K in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the commission for the year ended August 31, 2021 was effective. 

Management believes that a controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report from our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting: 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 31, 2021 identified in connection with the evaluation thereof by our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22

PART III MANAGEMENT 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive Officers and Directors 

The following table sets forth certain information, as of August 31, 2021, with respect to our directors and executive officers. 

Directors serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders; until their successors are elected or appointed and qualified, or until their prior resignation or removal. Officers serve for such terms as determined by our board of directors. Each officer holds office until such officer s successor is elected or appointed and qualified or until such officer s earlier resignation or removal. No family relationships exist between any of our present directors and officers. 

Name 

Position 

Reggie James 

Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President and Executive Director 

Linda Perry 

Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Executive Director 

The following is a brief account of the business experience of each of our Directors and Executive Officers: 

Reggie James, As of April 1, 2011, Mr. Reggie James has served as Senior Vice President of Marketing and Communications and Executive Director. Mr. James also is the Managing Director of Digital Clarity. In 2013, he was appointed Co-Chief Operating Officer, and in August 2021, Chief Operating Officer. Mr. James has been involved in the commercial element of the internet since its inception and has been instrumental in driving forward business models that are common place today. 

Mr. James is the founder of Digital Clarity, a leading Digital Advertising Agency and a wholly owned business of DBMM. The Company helps major brands and medium sized companies take advantage of the digital economy focusing on areas such as Search Engine Marketing (Google, Yahoo! Bing), Social Media (Twitter, Facebook LinkedIn) and Internet Strategy Planning including Design, Analytics and Mobile Marketing. Mr. James launched the European division of a later VoIP technology company that became the first dot com to list on the Singapore Stock Exchange later acquired by Spice Communications. Subsequently, Spice was acquired by Idea Cellular, the 3rd largest mobile services operator in India. Mr. James is also the co-founder of an internet analytics technology software house as well as shareholder in an AIM listed marketing services company. AIM is the London Stock Exchange s international market for smaller growing companies. Previously, Mr. James was involved with publishing groups VNU Ziff-Davis where he launched titles such as Management Consultancy and IT Week. Prior to launching Digital Clarity, Mr. James was part of the global sales team at leading search company AltaVista where he managed global brands such as Compaq and Hewlett Packard (HP). AltaVista was acquired by Yahoo! Inc. 

Linda Perry, Ms. Perry is currently Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer since September 2015 and Executive Director since April 1 2010. She has had an extensive career in global and entrepreneurial businesses. Ms. Perry consults to several companies globally and is industry agnostic. While living in Europe, she was the senior advisor to the Board of Directors of The Balli Group, where her role was to integrate the acquisition of Klockner Co. The acquisition resulted in the creation of the world s largest steel, multi-metal, distribution, and trading company. Prior to that, she was appointed a director and a member of the Executive Committee of Churchill Insurance Group, Plc., a division of the Credit Suisse Group. The Company was re-organized and sold within the industry for 2.3 billion GBP. She was a senior executive at ExxonMobil Corporation holding general management positions with global responsibility in finance, marketing, and organization (described as corporate governance, management succession and executive compensation.) The latter role was under the aegis of the Board of Directors, entitled Compensation, Organization and Executive Development Committee/COED, of which she was a member. Ms. Perry holds an MBA from Harvard University. She has been a visiting lecturer/professor at IMD, Lausanne, Switzerland, INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France and the Stern School of Business at New York University throughout her career. 

23

We believe that all our directors are qualified to serve on our board of directors based on their experience and the diversity of background. 

Board Committees 

We currently have standing committees on our Board of Directors. The audit committee and nomination /compensation committee are listed below. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee duties include a recommendation to our Board of Directors the engagement of independent auditors to audit our financial statements and to review our accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. 

Nomination/Compensation Committee 

We have established a Nomination/Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Nomination/Compensation Committee reviews and approves our total remuneration, including compensation of executive officers. The Nomination/Compensation Committee will also administer our stock option plans and recommend and approve grants of stock options under such plans. 

Compensation of Directors 

All directors are officers and their compensation are included on the summary compensation table (Item 11). 

Compliance with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act 

Our common stock was registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2020 and 2019. Accordingly, our officers, directors and principal shareholders were subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during each year. 

Code of Ethics 

On December 1, 2004 we adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Controller and to persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Ethics was previously filed as an Exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended August 31, 2004. A copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided to any person requesting same without charge. To request a copy of our Code of Ethics please make written request to DBMM. 

24

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

None of our executive officers or employees received compensation in excess of 100,000 during the years ended August 31, 2021 or 2019, except as follows: 

Name Principal Position 

Fiscal Year Ended 

			 August 31, 

) 

			 Salary 

) 

			 Bonus 

) 

			 Stock awards 

) 

			 Option awards 

) 

			 Nonequity incentive 

			 plan compensation 

) 

			 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings 

) 

			 All other 

			 Compensation 

) 

			 Total 

Reggie James 

2021 

211,178 

(1) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

211,178 

Executive Director 

2020 

184,963 

(2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

184,963 

Linda Perry 

2021 

150,000 

(3) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

150,000 

Executive Director 

2020 

150,000 

(3) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

150,000 

(1) 

For the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021, Mr. James earned 211,178 of which 157,178 has been paid to Reggie James. 54,000 remains unpaid. 

(2) 

For the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020, Mr. James earned 184,963 of which 130,963 has been paid to Reggie James. 54,000 remains unpaid. 

(3) 

For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021, and 2020, Ms. Perry earned 150,000 each year of which 0 has been paid, 300,000 remains unpaid. 

OPTION/SAR GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR 

No stock appreciation rights were granted to the named executives during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Long Term Incentive Plan Awards 

No long-term incentive plan awards to the named executive officers during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment, and Change-in-Control Arrangements 

In April 2011 the Company agreed to compensate a Company Officer, Reggie James, for monthly remuneration of 4,500 for his duties as Senior Vice President and Executive Director of DBMM and Digital Clarity. Mr. James was appointed Co-Chief Operating Officer during fiscal year 2013, and in August, 2021 Chief Operating Officer. 

In September 2010 the Company agreed to compensate a Company Officer, Linda Perry, for annual remuneration of 150,000 for her role as a consultant and as Executive Director. She also was appointed Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, in September 2015, for US interface to provide oversight for external regulatory reporting requirements. In addition, Ms. Perry is lead executive for capital funding requirements and business development. 

Report on Repricing of Options/SARs 

During the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021, and 2020 we did not adjust or amend the exercise price of any stock options or SARs. 

25

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock known by us as of August 31, 2021 by, (i) each of our directors, (ii) each of our executive officers, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The percentages in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock outstanding on such date and all shares of our common stock issuable to such holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges owned by such person at said date which are exercisable within 60 days of such date. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. 

Name of Beneficial Owner and/or Beneficially Own Shares of Restricted Common Stock percentage owned: 

(1) Reggie James 

7,982,328 

1.07 

(2) Linda Perry 

7,972,579 

1.07 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (2 persons) 

15.945,159 

The officers as a group hold 1,200,000 Restricted Preferred Shares, under the designation terms of Preferred Stock-Series 1. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

None. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountants for services rendered during fiscal 2021 and 2020 are set forth in the table below: 

2021 

2020 

Audit Fees (1) 

34,500 

35,000 

(1) 

Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our quarterly financial statements and audit services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings. 

Audit Related Fees. We incurred fees to our independent auditors of -0- for audit related fees during fiscal years ended August 31, 2021, and 2020. 

Tax and Other Fees. We incurred fees to our independent auditors of -0- for tax and other fees during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021, and 2020. 

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Practice. 

For fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Audit Committee pre-approved all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. 

26

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

The following Exhibits are being filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

3.1(1) 

Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended. 

3.2(8) 

By-laws of the Registrant, as amended. 

10.3(4) 

Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 20, 2007, by and among the Company, Atlantic Network Holdings Limited, New Media Television (Europe) Limited and the Outside Stockholders Listed on Exhibit A Thereto. 

10.1(5) 

Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 30, 2010, between Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc., and Cloud Channel Limited. 

10.2(5) 

Rescission Resolution of Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 20, 2007, by and among Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc., Atlantic Network Holdings Limited, the Outside Stockholders Listed on Exhibit A thereto and New Media Television (Europe) Limited. 

10.3(5) 

Share purchase Agreement between Cloud Channel Limited and Bitemark MC Limited. 

10.4(5) 

Share purchase Agreement between Cloud Channel Limited and Stylar Limited. 

10.4(6) 

Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 31, 2010, between Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc., and Cloud Channel Limited. 

10.5(6) 

Amendment to Share Purchase Agreement between Cloud Channel Limited and Bitemark MC Limited. 

10.6(6) 

Amendment to Share Purchase Agreement between Cloud Channel Limited and Stylar Limited. 

10.7(8) 

Rescission Resolution of Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 31, 2010, between Digital Brand Media Marketing Group, Inc. and Bitemark MC Limited 

10.8(9) 

Agreement to purchase LLC interests 

10.9(10) 

Amendment to agreement to purchase LLC interests 

10.10(11) 

Mutual Rescission and Release 

14.1(3) 

Code of Ethics 

31.1 

Section 302 Certification of Executive Director 

32.1 

Section 906 Certification of Executive Director 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

(1) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the Commission on March 27, 2002. 

 (3) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended August 31, 2004. 

 (4) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2007. 

 (5) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-KA filed with the Commission on April 9, 2010. 

 (6) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-KA filed with the Commission on July 15, 2010. 

 (8) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2011. 

 (9) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the Commission on June 12, 2012. 

 (10) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2012. 

 (11) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2013. 

Filed herewith 

27

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DIGITAL BRAND MEDIA MARKETING GROUP, INC. 

Date: November 5, 2021 

By: 

/s/ Linda Perry 

Principal Executive Officer 

			 Principal Financial Officer 

			 Executive Director 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: November 5, 2021 

By: 

/s/ Linda Perry 

Principal Executive Officer 

			 Principal Financial Officer 

			 Executive Director 

28

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_302820.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_302820.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 

 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Linda Perry, Executive Director, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, of Digital Brands Media and Marketing Group, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Brands Media and Marketing Group, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 5, 2021 

By: 

/s/ Linda Perry 

Name: 

Linda Perry 

Title: 

Principal Executive Officer 

			 Principal Financial Officer 

			 Executive Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex_302821.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_302821.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Digital Brands Media and Marketing Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending August 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Linda Perry, Executive Director, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 5, 2021 

/s/ Linda Perry 

Linda Perry 

Principal Executive Officer 

			 Principal Financial Officer 

			 Executive Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 dbmm-20210831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dbmm-20210831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dbmm-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dbmm-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dbmm-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dbmm-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

