<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211206_10-K_edgar_data_1467845_0001683168-21-006119.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>940200</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>55821</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>68321</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>248508</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>264688</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>272947</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-21-006119.hdr.sgml : 20211206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211206151438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-21-006119
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kashin, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001467845
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				264711535
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-161240
		FILM NUMBER:		211473006

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		112 NORTH CURRY STREET
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		345-938-5360

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		112 NORTH CURRY STREET
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONE CLEAN PLANET, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SINGULAR CHEF, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-21-006119.txt : 20211206

10-K
 1
 kusa_10k-043021.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

x ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 19341 

 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission file number: 333-161240 

Kashin,
 Inc. FKA One Clean Planet, Inc. 
 
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 26-4711535 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

112 North Curry Street, Carson City, NV 
 
 89703-4934 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (775) 321-8247 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Exchange where registered 
 
 Common Stock 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes x No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes x No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). 
Yes x No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 x 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). x 

As of December 3, 2021, the aggregate value of voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately 149,995. 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant's Common Stock
as October 31, 2020 was 28,560,745 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Table
of Contents 

Page Number 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 3 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 3 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 3 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 3 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 3 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 4 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 4 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 5 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 5 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 6 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 6 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 7 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 8 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Officer and Director Compensation 
 
 8 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 9 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 9 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 9 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 10 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 10 

Signatures 

11 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K of One Clean Planet, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , will , should ,
 could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates , believes ,
 estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other
comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies,
competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking
statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors that could
materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include, among other things: the volatility of the world s
economy, accidents and other risks associated with the development of operations, the risk that the Company will encounter unanticipated
technology factors, the Company s need for and ability to obtain additional financing, the exercise of the approximately 64.452 
control of the Company s voting securities held by 601 Jullian LLC (25.209 ), Carl Maybin (23.634 and Ryan Hamouth (18.609 ),
other factors over which we have little or no control; and other factors discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Our management has included projections and estimates in this Form
10-K, which are based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our results of operations, discussions
and negotiations with third parties and a review of information filed by our competitors with the SEC or otherwise publicly available.
We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim
any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements
or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

All references in this Form 10-K to the Company , One
Clean Planet, Inc. One Clean Planet Kashin , we , us, or our are to
One Clean Planet, Inc. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

ORGANIZATION WITHIN THE LAST FIVE YEARS 

Overview 

Singular Chef, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April
9, 2009 and has a fiscal year end of April 30. We were a development-stage Company that intended to provide specialized step-by-step cooking
tutorials through our website for monthly subscribers and on pay-per-view basis. 

On October 10, 2012 the Company changed the name of the Company from
 Singular Chef, Inc. to One Clean Planet, Inc. . The Board of Directors approved an amendment to increase the
number of shares of authorized common stock from 75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share to 550,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

On October 10, 2012 the Board of Directors approved an amendment to
effect a forward split of all issued and outstanding shares of common stock, at a ratio of 526.3:1 (the Forward Stock Split ). 

On November 26, 2014 by and amongst One Clean Planet, Inc. (CLPT and Kashin/Txtpay USA, Inc., a company incorporated and registered in the State of California, company number C3704841, whose registered
office is at 1740 W Katella Ave Suite Q, Orange County, California 92867, USA Kashin together with TXTPAY LIMITED, a company
incorporated and registered in New Zealand, company number 2273279, whose registered office is at C/-4 Blake Street, Surfdale, Waiheke
Island, New Zealand Txtpay together with Kashin, Kashin/Txtpay CLPT and Kashin/Txtpay, collectively referred
to as the Parties (the Agreement whereby Kashin/Txtpay shall sell, convey, transfer, assign, and deliver
to CLPT, and CLPT shall purchase from Kashin/Txtpay, 100 of the business of Kashin/Txtpay and any of its subsidiaries and/or affiliates. 

In exchange, CLPT was to issue to the Kashin/Txtpay Shareholders, their
designees or assigns, 10,000,000 shares of our common stock or 50 of the shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding
after the Closing as per the terms set forth in the Agreement. 

The Board of Directors conducted a review of the Material Definitive
Agreement MDA between the Issuer and Txtpay/Kashin New Zealand as to the validity and the compliance of the terms of such
MDA by Txtpay/Kashin New Zealand and its principles. Management believes there were misrepresentations made by the principles of Txtpay/Kashin
New Zealand, therefore the value of the New Zealand division is not confirmed. As a result, Management will not be issuing 10,000,000
post consolidation shares to Txtpay/Kashin New Zealand shareholders. 

On June 26 th 2015, the directors resolved to change the
Company name to Kashin, Inc., to reduce the authorized capital to 75,000,000 shares and effect a reverse stock split of 1:35. The name
change/reverse split took effect at the open of business 7/27/2015. 

We are unable to complete our business plan or marketing efforts because
we didn t have enough money, we ceased our development and/or marketing activities until we raise money. We had no activity from
2015 to current. We are currently bringing our company filings current to allow a reverse merger of a viable corporation to ensure our
investors do not lose their entire investment. 

Plan of Operation 

Over the next twelve months, the Company will be focusing on the implementation
of obtaining new avenues of revenue with Kashin, Inc. / Kashin USA, Inc. At this time, we are currently seeking new revenue sources. 

1 

BUSINESS OF KASHIN 

Overview 

One Clean Planet, Inc. fka Singular Chef, Inc. the Company ,
 our or we was incorporated in the State of Nevada as a for-profit company on April 09, 2009. We have not had
any significant development of our business nor have we received any revenue. Due to the lack of results in our attempt to implement our
original business plan, management determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders to look for other potential business opportunities
that might be available to the Company. 

In 2014, the company rebranded its name to Kashin (trademarked) and
established operations in USA and Africa (Uganda Kenya). During 2014, Kashin has connected its billing platform to VOIP systems
and now provides low cost international calls from any mobile to any country (branded Kashin Kredits). Kashin Kredits is now connected
to major Telco s providing mobile money services in Africa (MTN Uganda, Airtel Uganda, MTN Kenya and MPESA Kenya). Kashin is currently
in the process of connecting to PayNearMe services, which will provide 20,000 stores for customers to use cash to top-up their Kashin
mobile wallets for instant purchases of goods services globally. Kashin has since engaged with several other service providers on
an international level to allow Kashin Remote Top ups of minutes. 

In Dec 2014, Kashin merged with One Clean Planet, Inc. a public company
in which Kashin Inc. will become the surviving entity. 

April 30, 2021, Kashin has been a dormant company since 2014 and is
now considered a Shell Company. 

Sales, Marketing, and Distribution 

Kashin has been dormant and is currently looking for a merger candidate. 

Intellectual Property 

Trademarks and Trade Secrets 

None 

Management believes that if additional subsequent private placements
are successful, we will generate sales revenue within the following twelve months thereof. However, additional equity financing may not
be available to us on acceptable terms or at all, and thus we could fail to satisfy our future cash requirements. 

If One Clean Planet is unsuccessful in raising the additional proceeds
through a private placement offering it will then have to seek additional funds through debt financing, which would be very difficult
for a new development stage company to secure. Therefore, the company is highly dependent upon the success of the anticipated private
placement offering described herein and failure thereof would result in One Clean Planet having to seek capital from other resources such
as debt financing, which may not even be available to the company. However, if such financing were available, because One Clean Planet
is a development stage company with no operations to date, it would likely have to pay additional costs associated with high risk loans
and be subject to an above market interest rate. At such time these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such debt
financing and determine whether the business could sustain operations and growth and manage the debt load. If One Clean Planet cannot
raise additional proceeds via a private placement of its common stock or secure debt financing, it would be required to cease business
operations. As a result, investors in One Clean Planet s common stock would lose all of their investment. 

2 

Management does not plan to hire additional employees at this time.

We do not expect to be purchasing or selling plant or significant equipment
during the next twelve months. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None 

Item 2. Properties. 

We do not own any real estate or other properties. The office space
is provided by the president at no charge. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

The Company is not a party to any pending legal proceedings. 

No director, officer, or affiliate of the issuer and no owner of record
or beneficiary of more than 5 of the securities of the issuer, or any security holder is a party adverse to the small business issuer
or has a material interest adverse to the small business issuer. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

N/A 

3 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

As of April 30, 2021, the Company has issued a total of 28,560,745
shares. The Company has not paid cash dividends and has no outstanding options as of April 30, 2021. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. 

This annual report contains forward looking statements relating
to our Company's future economic performance, plans and objectives of management for future operations, projections of revenue mix and
other financial items that are based on the beliefs of, as well as assumptions made by and information currently known to, our management.
The words expects , intends , believes , anticipates , may , could ,
 should and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The cautionary
statements set forth in this section are intended to emphasize that actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward
looking statement. 

Our auditor s report on our April 30, 2021 financial statements
expresses an opinion that substantial doubt exists as to whether we can continue as an ongoing business. Since our officer and director
may be unwilling or unable to loan or advance us additional capital, we believe that if we do not raise additional capital over the next
12 months, we may be required to suspend or cease the implementation of our business plans. See April 30, 2021 Audited Financial
Statements - Auditors Report. 

As of April 30, 2021, Kashin had 0 cash on hand. Management believes
this amount will not satisfy our cash requirements for the next twelve months or until such time that additional proceeds are raised.
We plan to satisfy our future cash requirements - primarily the working capital required for the development of our course guides and
marketing campaign and to offset legal and accounting fees - by additional equity financing. This will likely be in the form of private
placements of common stock. 

Management believes that if subsequent private placements are successful,
we will be able to generate sales revenue within the following twelve months thereof. However, additional equity financing may not be
available to us on acceptable terms or at all, and thus we could fail to satisfy our future cash requirements. 

One Clean Planet believes if we do not raise additional proceeds through
an extra private placement offering it will then have to seek additional funds through debt financing, which would be highly difficult
for a new development stage company to secure. However, if such financing were available, because One Clean Planet has not developed any
operations to date, it would likely have to pay additional costs associated with high risk loans and be subject to an above market interest
rate. At such time these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing and determine whether the business
could sustain operations and growth and manage the debt load. If One Clean Planet cannot raise additional proceeds via a private placement
of its common stock or secure debt financing it would be required to cease business operations. As a result, investors in One Clean Planet s
common stock would lose all of their investment. 

The development and marketing of our services will start over the next
12 months. 

4 

As of April 30, 2021 the Company has not generated any revenue. We
incurred operating expenses in the amount of 0 in the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021 as compared to 0 at April 30, 2020 due to the
company becoming dormant for the past two years. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, the current funds available to
the Company will not be sufficient to continue operations. The cost to establish the Company and begin operations was estimated to be
approximately 250,000 over the next twelve months and the cost of maintaining our reporting status was estimated to be 25,000 over this
same period. 

Other than the above described situation the Company does not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company's financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
are material to investors. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

5 

KASHIN, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

April 30, 2021 

Audited 

Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

BALANCE SHEETS 

F-3 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

F-4 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

F-5 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

F-6 

NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Kashin, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Kashin, Inc. as of April 30, 2021 and 2020, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and
cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2021
and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

 BF Borgers CPA PC 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021 

 Lakewood, CO 

 December 1, 2021 

F- 2 

KASHIN, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

 Audited 

April 30, 2021 
 April 30, 2020 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 11,493 
 10,065 
 
 Accounts payable - related party 

Notes Payable 
 
 100,000 
 
 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 11,493 
 110,065 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Capital stock 

Authorized 75,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding 
 28,561 
 28,561 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 494,019 
 494,019 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (534,073 
 (632,645 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 
 (11,493 
 (110,065 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

F- 3 

KASHIN, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Audited 

Year 
 Year 

ended 
 ended 

April 30, 2021 
 April 30, 2020 
 
 REVENUE 

Revenues 

Total Revenues 

EXPENSES 

Office and general 

Professional fees 
 1,428 
 1,428 

Total Expenses, before provision of income taxes 
 1,428 
 1,428 
 
 Other income 

Payable forgiveness/written off debt 
 100,000 

Provision for income taxes 

NET LOSS 
 98,572 
 (1,428 

BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 
 28,560,745 
 28,560,745 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

F- 4 

KASHIN, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 As at April 30, 2021 

Audited 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Share 

Number of 
 
 Paid-in 
 Subscriptions 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 April 30, 2019 
 28,560,745 
 28,561 
 494,019 
 
 (631,217 
 (108,637 

Net loss for
 the year ended April 30, 2020 

(1,428 
 (1,428 

Balance,
 April 30, 2020 
 28,560,745 
 28,561 
 494,019 
 
 (632,645 
 (110,065 

Net profit for the period ended April
 30, 2021 

98,572 
 98,572 

Balance,
 April 30, 2021 
 28,560,745 
 28,561 
 494,019 
 
 (534,073 
 (11,493 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

KASHIN, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Audited 

Year 
 Year 

ended 
 ended 

April 30, 2021 
 April 30, 2020 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 98,572 
 (1,428 
 
 Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
 activities: 

Accounts Payable 
 1,428 
 1,428 
 
 Notes Payable 
 (100,000 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Loan from related party 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental cash flow noncash financing activities: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

F- 6 

KASHIN, INC. 

NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 April 30, 2021 

NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada as a for-profit Company on April 9, 2009 and established a fiscal year end of April
30. 

One Clean Planet intends to enter into the online content provider industry specializing in step-by-step cookery tutorial companies. 

The Company changed its name on July 27, 2015 to Kashin, Inc. having received FINRA s approval. 

Since the company has been dormant for over two years, the company
now has a Shell status. 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation 

In the opinion of management, the accompanying balance sheets, statements
of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring items, for
their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These financial statements
are presented in United States dollars. 

Advertising 

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. As of April 30, 2021 and 2020, no advertising costs have been incurred. 

Property 

The Company does not own or rent any property. The office space is provided by the president at no charge. 

Revenue and Cost Recognition 

None 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions 

Preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported
amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

F- 7 

Income Taxes 

The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax balances. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted or substantially enacted tax rates expected to
apply to the taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period
that includes the date of enactment or substantive enactment. 

Net Loss per Share 

Basic loss per share includes no dilution and is computed by dividing loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding for the period. Dilutive loss per share reflects the potential dilution of securities that could share in
the losses of the Company. Because the Company does not have any potentially dilutive securities, the accompanying presentation is only
of basic loss per share.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The company has evaluated all the recent accounting pronouncements and believes that none of them will have a material effect on the company s
financial statement.

NOTE 3 GOING CONCERN 

The Company s financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going
concern. This contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Currently, the
Company has a working capital deficit of 11,493, an accumulated deficit of 534,073 and net loss from operations since inception of 534,073.
The Company does not have a source of revenue sufficient to cover its operation costs giving substantial doubt for it to continue as a
going concern. The Company will be dependent upon the raising of additional capital through placement of our common stock in order to
implement its business plan, or merge with an operating company. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in either
situation in order to continue as a going concern. The Company funded its initial operations by way of issuing Founder s shares.

The officers and directors have committed to advancing certain operating costs of the Company, including Legal, Audit, Transfer Agency
and Edgarizing costs. 

NOTE 4 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

The Company has determined the estimated fair value of financial instruments using available market information and appropriate valuation
methodologies. The fair value of financial instruments classified as current assets or liabilities approximate their carrying value due
to the short-term maturity of the instruments. 

NOTE 5 CAPITAL STOCK 

The Company s capitalization was reduced to 75,000,000 common shares with a par value of 0.001 per share, on July 27, 2015. No
preferred shares have been authorized or issued.

As of April 30, 2021, the Company has not granted any stock options and has not recorded any stock-based compensation.

On April 30, 2021, and on April 30, 2020 the Company had 28,560,745 common shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 8 

NOTE 6 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
We do not have any related party transactions. 

NOTE 7 INCOME TAXES 

We did not provide any current or deferred U.S. federal income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because we have
experienced operating losses since inception. Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes when it is more likely than not that a tax asset
cannot be realized through future income the Company must allow for this future tax benefit. We provided a full valuation allowance on
the net deferred tax asset, consisting of net operating loss carry forwards, because management has determined that it is more likely
than not that we will not earn income sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets during the carry forward period. 

The components of the Company s deferred tax asset and reconciliation
of income taxes computed at the statutory rate to the income tax amount recorded as of April 30, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

April 30, 2021 
 April 30, 2020 
 
 Net operating loss carry forward 

Effective Tax rate 
 35 
 35 
 
 Deferred Tax Assets 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 0 
 0 

The net federal operating loss carry forward will expire between 2033 and 2034. This carry forward may be limited upon the consummation
of a business combination under IRC Section 381.

NOTE 8 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

None 

F- 9 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 
 the Company s management evaluated, with the participation of the Company s principal executive and financial officer,
the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures are defined as those controls and other procedures of an
issuer that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports it files or submits under
the Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that Evaluation he concluded that the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
are ineffective in gathering, analyzing and disclosing information needed to satisfy the registrant s disclosure obligations under
the Exchange Act. Based upon an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures, our Company s principal
executive and principal financial officer has concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10K our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are not effective because of the
material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures which are identified below. It should be noted that the design of any
system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting for the company (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal
control over financial reporting is to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial
reporting includes maintain records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts
and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or
detected. 

As of April 30, 2015, management assessed the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting
established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on this evaluation under the COSO Framework, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as of April 30, 2013. In making this assessment, our management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Based on that evaluation, they concluded that, as of April 30, 2015, such internal controls and procedures were not effective
to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the
design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered
to be material weaknesses. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s
management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of
a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's board of directors, resulting in ineffective
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent
with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting
processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the Company's Chief Financial Officer in connection with the review
of our financial statements as of April 30, 2015 and communicated to our management. 

6 

Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items
(2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company's financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning
audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in
the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the Company's determination to its financial
statements for the future years. 

We are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of
this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources
and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one or more outside
directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit
committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) Preparing
and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with
respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management believes that the appointment of more outside directors,
who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority
of outside directors on the Company's Board. In addition, management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies
and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial
reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over
period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the
technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department.
Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn over issues within the department
occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the company
may encounter in the future. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal
controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action
and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial
reporting that occurred during the year ended April 30, 2015 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal controls over financial reporting. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject
to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide management report in the Annual Report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None 

7 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our directors serve until their respective successors are elected and
qualified. The names, addresses, ages and positions of our present officers and our directors are set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Carl Maybin 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
Executive Officer, Director 

Background of Officer and Director 

Carl Maybin is the Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer
at IP Triple Communications a USA-based Federal Communications Commission licensed global Telecommunications Company. Mr. Maybin is an
experienced leader and prior to founding IP Triple was the Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Mitsubishi Satellite s SkyTiger
Asia Pacific Group, Vice President of Partnership Development for International recognized start-up Cignal Global Communications who
purchased his company Pegasus Integration. Cignal Global was acquired by Liberty Media s UPC Group in the UK for 200 million in
2001 to become Europe s first Triple Play provider of Voice, Internet and Television. Prior to Cignal Global, Mr. Maybin founded
3 different companies and led Fujitsu s Broadband Telecommunications Group in Southern California to 305 million in sales in his
first year which was more than the entire rest of the US operations combined. 

Family Relations 

There are no family relationships among the Directors and Officers
of Kashin, Inc. fka One Clean Planet, Inc. 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

No executive Officer or Director of the Company has been convicted
in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding that is currently pending. 

No executive Officer or Director of the Company is the subject of any
pending legal proceedings. 

No Executive Officer or Director of the Company is involved in any
bankruptcy petition by or against any business in which they are a general partner or executive officer at this time or within two years
of any involvement as a general partner, executive officer, or Director of any business. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Our current executive officers and directors have not and do not receive
any compensation and have not received any restricted shares awards, options or any other payouts. As such, we have not included a Summary
Compensation Table. 

There are no current employment agreements between the Company and
its executive officers. Our executive officers and directors have agreed to work without remuneration until such time as we receive revenues
that are sufficiently necessary to provide proper salaries to the officer and compensate the director for participation. Our executive
officers and directors have the responsibility of determining the timing of remuneration programs for key personnel based upon such factors
as positive cash flow, shares sales, product sales, estimated cash expenditures, accounts receivable, accounts payable, notes payable,
and a cash balances. At this time, management cannot accurately estimate when sufficient revenues will occur to implement this compensation,
or the exact amount of compensation. 

8 

There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be
paid to officers, directors or employees of the corporation in the event of retirement at normal retirement date pursuant to any presently
existing plan provided or contributed to by Company. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner 

Percent of Class 

Common Stock 

601 JULLIAN LLC 
 1153 BERGEN PKWY # 165 
 EVERGREEN CO 80439-9501 

7,200,000 

25.209 

Common Stock 

CARL MAYBIN 
 300 KUULEI RD STE A 
 KAILUA HI 96734-2701 

6,750,000 

23.634 

Common Stock 

Ryan Morgan Hamouth 
 Vitri 33A, Costa del Este 
 Panama City, Panama 

5,314,858 

18.609 

All Beneficial Owners as
a Group (3 persons) 

6,048,104 

67.452 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

Currently, there are no contemplated transactions that the Company
may enter into with our officers, directors or affiliates. If any such transactions are contemplated we will file such disclosure in a
timely manner with the Commission on the proper form making such transaction available for the public to view. 

The Company has no formal written employment agreement or other contracts
with our current officer and director and there is no assurance that the services to be provided by him will be available for any specific
length of time in the future. Mr. Adamson anticipates devoting at a minimum of ten to fifteen percent of his available time to the Company s
affairs. The amounts of compensation and other terms of any full time employment arrangements would be determined, if and when, such arrangements
become necessary. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021 we incurred approximately
 0 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of financial statements
for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021. For review of our financial statements for the quarters ended July 31, 2020, October 31,
2020 and January 31, 2021, we incurred approximately 0 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services. 

During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2020 we incurred approximately
 0 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of financial statements
for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2020. For review of our financial statements for the quarters ended July 31, 2019, October 31, 2019
and January 31, 2020, we incurred approximately 0 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services. 

During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021, we did not incur any other
fees for professional services rendered by our principal independent accountants for all other non-audit services which may include, but
not limited to, tax related services, actuarial services or valuation services. 

9 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Kashin, Inc. fka Singular Chef, Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on August 11, 2009) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Kashin, Inc. fka Singular Chef, Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 11, 2009) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule
 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer

32.1 
 
 Section
1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document+ 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Presentation Linkbase Document 

_______ 

 Included in Exhibit 31.1 

 Included in Exhibit 32.1 

 Filed herewith 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

10 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Kashin, Inc. 
 (Registrant) 

Date: December 6, 2021 
 By 
 /s/ Carl Maybin 

Carl Maybin 

President and Director 
 Principal and Executive Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kusa_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Carl Maybin, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of Kashin, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrants disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrants internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 6, 2021 
 By 
 /s/ Carl Maybin 

Carl Maybin 

President, Principal Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 kusa_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended
April 30, 2021 of Kashin, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Transition Report ), I, Carl Maybin, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: December 6, 2021 
 By 
 /s/ Carl Maybin 

Carl Maybin 

President, Principal Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 kusa-20210430.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 kusa-20210430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 kusa-20210430_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 kusa-20210430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 kusa-20210430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 kusa-20210430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

