<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211004_10-K_edgar_data_1654672_0001493152-21-024497.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4649935</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>322065</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>291546</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1438769</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1418630</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1063300</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-024497.hdr.sgml : 20211004
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211004160507
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-024497
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211004
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211004

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PINEAPPLE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001654672
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				475185484
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55896
		FILM NUMBER:		211302712

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10351 SANTA MONICA BLVD., SUITE 420
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-877-7675

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10351 SANTA MONICA BLVD., SUITE 420
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pineapple Express, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-024497.txt : 20211004

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
File Number: 000-55896 

PINEAPPLE,
INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 47-5185484 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

10351
Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 420 

 Los
Angeles, CA 90025 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

877-310-7675 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Pineapple
Express, Inc. 

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of principal U.S. market on which traded 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, 0.0000001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large-accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large-accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of
the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2020, was approximately
 2,250,900. For the sole purpose of making this calculation, the term non-affiliate has been interpreted to exclude directors,
executive officers, holders of 10 or more of the registrant s common stock and their affiliates. 

As
of September 27, 2021, there were 89,771,569 shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0000001 par value per share, issued and
outstanding. 

INDEX 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 
 Item 2. 
 Description of Property 
 28 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 32 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 38 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements 
 39 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 40 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 41 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 51 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 52 

Signatures 
 55 

2 

Use
of Market and Industry Data 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (this Annual Report includes market and industry
data that we have obtained from third party sources, including industry publications, as well as industry data prepared by our management
on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which we operate (including our management s estimates and
assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management has developed its knowledge of such industries through its
experience and participation in these industries. While our management believes the third-party sources referred to in this Annual Report
are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently verified any of the data from such sources referred to in this Annual
Report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Furthermore, references in this Annual Report
to any publications, reports, surveys or articles prepared by third parties should not be construed as depicting the complete findings
of the entire publication, report, survey or article. The information in any such publication, report, survey or article is not incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report. 

Forecasts
and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
various factors, including those discussed in sections entitled Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual
Report. 

Trademarks,
Service Marks and Trade Names 

This
Annual Report contains references to our trademarks, service marks and trade names and to trademarks, service marks and trade names belonging
to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report, including logos,
artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended
to indicate, in any way, that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto.
We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, service marks or trademarks or any artists or other
individuals names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies or persons. 

PART
I. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

This
Annual Report (including, but not limited to, the following disclosures regarding our Business) contains forward-looking statements regarding
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, 
 intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions
or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as the development of new products, enhancements
or technologies, sales levels, expense levels and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report reflect our good faith judgment based on facts and factors currently known to us. Forward-looking statements
are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes
discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking
statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors
that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Overview 

Pineapple,
Inc. (f/k/a Pineapple Express , Inc). Pineapple , the Company, we, us or
 our is a pioneer in the cannabis industry. As a result of a share exchange agreement entered into in March 2019, as subsequently
amended, and a debt forgiveness agreement in January 2020, the Company has a 45.17 equity stake, as discussed below, in Pineapple Ventures,
Inc. PVI ). PVI invests in established cannabis businesses, funds cannabis start-up businesses, and may establish cannabis
storefronts. Through its affiliates, PVI has established a delivery service with a fleet of vehicles, and is establishing a retail dispensary,
and cultivation and production activities. PVI also provides supporting marketing, branding, and infrastructure support services for
investment entities. 

3 

PVI
owns and operates: 

30 of a
 state-licensed cannabis delivery service in Los Angeles, CA, along with full operational management duties entitling PVI to 10 of
 gross revenue on all retail transactions. 

30 of a
 state-licensed retail dispensary and cannabis delivery service in Palm Springs, which construction should be completed in September
 2021, along with full operational management duties entitling PVI to 10 of gross revenue on all retail transactions. 

30 equity
 stake of two (2) separate state-licensed manufacturing entities (not operational yet). 

30 of one
 (1) state-licensed cultivation entity (not operational yet); 

15 of two
 (2) separate state-licensed cultivation and manufacturing entities and 15 of one (1) state-licensed distribution entity. In June
 2020, the three entities sold their cannabis licenses for aggregate 2.87 million, of which approximately 431k was recognized by
 PVI. 

100 of PineappleWellness.com,
 a nationwide Hemp Cannabidiol CBD retail website; 

10 equity
 plus management fee of 10 of sales of a state-licensed retail dispensary and cannabis delivery service (anticipating finishing construction
 in Hollywood, CA in October 2021). 

PVI s
cannabis delivery service has already commenced operations and was launched out of Los Angeles, CA in January 2019. The other above-mentioned
projects are in the process of being built, and PVI anticipates that these services will be operational September of 2021. As a result
of its equity stake in PVI, the Company will receive 45.17 of all net income generated by PVI from these business ventures. The owned
and managed cannabis licenses and real property rental and sublease assets along with the Company s brand recognition and intellectual
property are prepared to penetrate the cannabis market from seed to sale for cultivation, manufacturing, distribution,
retail storefront, and delivery in the State of California. 

Through
PVI s Pineapple Wellness brand (established on January 11, 2019), the Company aims to be a trusted source for hemp-derived CBD
products which are being sold to customers nationwide. Operating by the principals of Know What You Consume, and its mission
of transparency, the Company aims to ensure conscious and ethical business while delivering the best hemp CBD products the alternative
health industry has to offer. The Company s Hemp CBD products are organically grown, non-GMO, do not contain heavy metals or toxins,
and contain no heavy solvents. From plant to bottle, the Company offers lab-tested, quality CBD products that are natural and potent.
Thus, it is anticipated that the Company shall benefit and capitalize on decriminalized hemp derived products, licensed and decriminalized
cannabis derived products, as well as cannabis property rental subleases for a profit without being directly being involved with sales,
production, or distribution of cannabis. 

ln
addition to having stakes in the foregoing business ventures, the Company was also assigned a patent for the proprietary Top Shelf Safe
Display System SDS for use in permitted cannabis dispensaries and delivery vehicles across the United States and internationally
(where permitted by law), on July 20 th , 2016, by Sky Island, Inc. (the SDS Patent via a Patent Assignment Agreement
(the Patent Assignment Agreement ). The SDS Patent was originally applied for and filed on August 11, 2015, by Sky Island,
Inc. and received its notice of allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office on March 22, 2017. It is anticipated that
the Top-Shelf SDS product shall retail for 30,000 per unit. Pineapple intends to sell the Top-Shelf SDS units to PVI for use in retail
storefronts and delivery vehicles as well as to sell the Top Shelf SDS technology to other cannabis retail companies. The Company anticipates
beginning sales of the Top Shelf SDS system in the fourth quarter of 2021. 

Additionally,
during 2019, PVI took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, Inc. Nordhoff ), a related party,
in which Nordhoff subleased 38,875 square feet in a building to three 15 owned entities by PVI; however, the contemplated project never
matriculated. As part of these preliminary business steps, an affiliated entity of PVI, Neu-Ventures, Inc., paid Nordhoff s 50,000
per month rent expense and PVI s founders invested over 300,000 in leasehold improvements for Nordhoff s rental property. 

In
June of 2020, Nordhoff s 50,000 rent payments per month were increased to 87,000 per month. During the same month, the three
fifteen (15 state-licensed cultivation, manufacturing and distribution entities sold their respective cannabis licenses for aggregate
proceeds of 2.87 million, of which approximately 431,000 was assigned and recognized by PVI. PVI assigned its three 15 owned entities 
subleases with Nordhoff to the buyer as part of the sale. 

4 

Company
Background 

Pineapple
shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Grey Market under the symbol PNPL . As of the date of
this Annual Report, OTC Markets has designated the Company s trading symbol as Caveat Emptor by placing a skull and
crossbones icon next to the symbol. This designation occurred when the Company was issued an Order of Suspension of Trading from the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 28 th , 2016 because of recent, unusual and
unexplained market activity in the Company s stock that raises concerns about the adequacy of publicly-available information regarding
the Company . The Company was released from suspension two weeks later. The Company was not charged with any wrong-doing and believes
the unusual spike in stock activity was related to an enormous amount of press received by the Company because a famous cultural icon
invested in the Company stock. The Company was not fully reporting with the SEC yet when this occurred. The Company intends on becoming
fully reporting with the SEC. The Company then intends to have a market maker quote its shares of common stock on the OTCQB or another
over-the-counter trading platform, thereby moving from the current OTC Grey platform. The Company was incorporated under the laws of
the State of Nevada on August 3, 1983, as Global Resources, Ltd . On April 12, 1999, the Company changed its name from Global
Resources, Ltd. to Helixsphere Technologies, Inc. and on October 02, 2013, to New China Global Inc. 
On October 30, 2013, the Company filed Articles of Continuance with the Secretary of State in the State of Wyoming pursuant to which
the Company re-domiciled from the State of Nevada to the State of Wyoming. On July 15, 2014, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles
of Incorporation to change its name from New China Global Inc. to Globestar Industries . 

On
August 24, 2015, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement) with Better Business Consultants, Inc. BBC ),
a corporation incorporated under the laws of California on January 29, 2015, and Shane Oei, a majority shareholder of the Company at
the time. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, BBC shareholders exchanged all of the issued and outstanding capital of BBC for an
aggregate of 50,000,000 newly and duly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of the Company. Upon closing, BBC
became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In addition, Mr. Oei and Gary Stockport, another former shareholder of the Company at
the time, cancelled 100,000,000 and 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, in connection with the Agreement.
As the owners and management of BBC obtained voting and operating control of the Company after the share exchange and Globestar Industries
was non-operating, the transaction was accounted for as a recapitalization of BBC, accompanied by the exchange of previously issued common
stock for outstanding common stock of Globestar Industries, which was recorded at a nominal value. One of the owners, Jaime Ortega, also
entered into a Lockup Agreement under which he could not sell his ownership in the Company through September 1, 2017. 

On
September 3, 2015, the Company changed its name from Globestar Industries to Pineapple Express, Inc. The
Company s name has no relation to the 2008 motion picture produced by Columbia Pictures. 

In
September 2015, the Company had entered into agreements to issue 500,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Sky Island,
Inc. in exchange for a patent and 100,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Christopher Plummer as compensation for taking
on the role of Chief Operating Officer. However, both of these issuances were rescinded effective December 31, 2015. 

On
February 12, 2016, the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger to acquire all of the assets and assume several liabilities of THC
Industries, Inc., a California corporation THC Parent ), through a two-step merger (the THC Merger by and
among the Company, THC Parent, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary THC Industries, LLC, a California limited liability company THC ), and the Company s former wholly owned subsidiary THCMergerCo., Inc., a California corporation. In June 2016,
the Company began to anticipate significant difficulties in monetizing the value of the acquired intangible assets and recorded an impairment
of those assets. 

On
August 5, 2016, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement with THC Industries, Inc. because of late payments. This sparked a temporary
foreclosure of assets. On March 23 rd , 2017, The Company entered into a Standstill and Waiver Agreement with THC Industries,
Inc. because of additional late payments. On June 22, 2017, the Company successfully completed the conditions of the Standstill and Waiver
Agreement signed between the parties on March 27, 2017. The Company made its payments and completed its conditions in full for the Forbearance
Agreement. The Company gained back control of the assets relative to the purchase transaction. 

5 

On
March 14, 2017, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement to sell BBC and its three wholly owned subsidiaries, Pineapple Express
One LLC, a California limited liability company, Pineapple Express Two LLC, a California limited liability company, and Pineapple Property
Investments, LLC, a Washington limited liability company, to a related party, Jaime Ortega. The sale of BBC and its subsidiaries to Mr.
Ortega was in exchange for Mr. Ortega forgiving a debt of 10,000 owed to Sky Island, Inc, a wholly-owned entity by Mr. Ortega, and in
order for Mr. Ortega to fund and prosecute litigation claims (as discussed below) and settle debts for the subsidiaries resulting from
unconsummated parcel purchases which the Company believes were purposely circumvented by third parties involved in those transactions.
The terms of the Share Purchase Agreement are discussed in greater detail in the legal proceedings section of this Annual
Report. On January 27, 2018, the Company completed the sale of BBC, Pineapple Express One LLC, Pineapple Express Two LLC and Pineapple
Property Investments, LLC to Mr. Ortega. 

With
respect to such litigation claims related to BBC, on April 7, 2017, Orr Builders, Prest-Vuksic Architects, Inc. and MSA Consulting, Inc.
filed a claim against the Company, including subsidiaries Pineapple Express One LLC, Better Business Consultants Inc., Clonenetics Laboratories
Cooperative, Inc.; United Pentecostal Church; and Healing Nature, LLC; within the Superior Court of the State of California for the County
of Riverside, Case No. PSC 1700746 (hereinafter referred to as the Lead Case ), and a related and consolidated Case No.
PSC1702268 (in which the Company was not a named defendant), alleging, among other things: (i) breaches of contracts related to the building
of a warehouse in Desert Hot Springs, CA in the amount of 1,250,000, (ii) foreclosure of mechanics lien, (iii) negligent misrepresentation,
and (iii) unjust enrichment (against United Pentecostal Church only). In 2019, the land (which was leased by the Company and sold to
a third party) and warehouse (which was being built for the Company, yet completed by the third party) at 65241 San Jacinto Lane in Desert
Hot Springs, CA, were ordered sold by way of judgment and the plaintiffs were entitled to recovery. 

On
March 16, 2017, the Company formed Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. PEC as a wholly owned subsidiary. On August 3,
2017, a letter of intent LOI was entered into between PEC and Sky Island, Inc., whereby all the assets of Pineapple Park,
LLC, a California limited liability company controlled by Sky Island, Inc. holding lease deposits, were to be transferred through a related
party transfer to PEC in exchange for 100,000. On December 31, 2018, Pineapple Park, LLC pulled out of this project and signed a mutual
release agreement for all lessees and Pineapple Park, LLC to terminate each party s obligations and responsibilities under the
Leases and the Parties relationship. The Company had planned on using revenue from operations, including license proceeds from
contracts already signed with licensees as well as rental payments due from tenants. The Company was also in the process of developing
a franchise style model whereas it would license its trademark, brand name, and retail design concept in exchange for a
5 perpetuity royalty. These revenue streams were to provide the Company with long-term and short-term growth. However, after the investment
in PVI, the Company will now be receiving revenues from its 45.17 ownership. 

On
March 19, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the PVI Agreement with PVI and the stockholders of
PVI (the PVI Stockholders ). Upon execution of the PVI Agreement (the Closing ), the Company acquired 20,000
shares of PVI s outstanding capital stock PVI Shares ), equaling 20 of the outstanding shares of PVI. In consideration
for the PVI Shares, the Company agreed to issue 1,000,000 shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.0000001 par value per
share Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ), to the PVI Stockholders. Pursuant to the terms of the PVI Agreement and Amendment
No. 1 dated June 26, 2019, upon the six-month anniversary of the PVI Agreement (the Second Closing ), and subject to the
conditions to closing set forth in the PVI Agreement, the Company was to acquire an additional 30,000 PVI Shares, equaling 30 of the
outstanding shares of PVI, for a total of 50 of the outstanding shares of PVI, in consideration for an additional 1,000,000 shares of
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to be issued to the PVI Stockholders at the time of the Second Closing. The Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock may, from time to time, be converted by the holder into shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.0000001
(the Common Stock in an amount equal to ten (10) shares of Common Stock for each one (1) share of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. On July 5, 2019, the Company, PVI and the PVI Stockholders, and their respective boards of directors waived the remaining
conditions to closing as set forth in the PVI Agreement and ratified and approved the Second Closing. As a result of the PVI investment,
the Company now has a portfolio asset (PVI) with which it has entered the cannabis cultivation, production and distribution sector throughout
California. The PVI Stockholders elected to immediately convert their shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. 

6 

On
January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega whereby in exchange for Mr. Ortega cancelling 1,062,000 of
existing loans extended to the Company by Jaime Ortega, Neu-Ventures, Inc., and Sky Island, Inc., the Company sold to Mr. Ortega 10,000
shares of capital stock of Pineapple Ventures, Inc. PVI ). Subsequently, on February 11, 2021, the parties entered into
amended agreement pursuant to which the original number of shares sold to Mr. Ortega were reduced from 10,000 shares of capital stock
of PVI to 4,827 shares of capital stock of PVI. Accordingly, the Company currently owns 45,173 shares of capital stock of PVI. This amendment
was entered into to properly reflect the value of the Company s stock at the time of the initial agreement. 

Pursuant
to an Agreement and Plan of Merger Merger Agreement ), dated as of April 6, 2020, by and between, Pineapple Express, Inc.,
a Wyoming corporation Pineapple Express ), and Pineapple, Inc., a Nevada corporation Pineapple and wholly
owned subsidiary of Pineapple Express, effective as of April 15, 2020 (the Effective Date ), Pineapple Express merged with
and into Pineapple, with Pineapple being the surviving entity (the Reincorporation Merger ). The Reincorporation Merger
was consummated to complete Pineapple Express reincorporation from the State of Wyoming to the State of Nevada. The Merger Agreement,
the Reincorporation Merger, the Name Change (as defined below) and the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Pineapple were duly approved
by the written consent of shareholders of Pineapple Express owning at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Pineapple Express 
common stock, par value 0.0000001 per share (the PE Common Stock ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company s
corporate name changed from Pineapple Express, Inc. to Pineapple, Inc. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic, which continues to spread
throughout the United States. As a result, significant volatility has occurred in both the United States and international markets. While
the disruption is currently expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty around the duration. To date, the Company has experienced
declining revenues, difficulty meeting debt covenants, maintaining consistent service quality with reduced revenue, and a loss of access
to customers. Management expects this matter to continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial position, but the
ultimate financial impact of the pandemic on the Company s business, results of operations, financial position, liquidity or capital
resources cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

In
October 2020, PNPXPRESS, Inc. (an entity managed by PVI) secured three cannabis licenses, including consumer delivery and statewide distribution,
from the City of Los Angeles for a retail storefront location at the intersection of Hollywood Vine (1704 N. Vine Street). The
lease was signed in October 2020. This 3,460 square foot dispensary will be called Pineapple Express and is scheduled to open by September
of 2021, pending inspections from the city. PVI has received 30 equity and will receive a management fee of 10 of sales of this entity. 

Regulatory
Overview 

As
of the date of this filing, 36 states and 4 territories allow for the medical use of cannabis products ,
 while 17 of those states, the District of Columbia, the Northern Mariana Islands, and Guam have also legalized the adult-use of cannabis.
Although legalized in some states, cannabis is a Schedule 1 drug under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 
811) CSA and is illegal under federal law. 

On
August 29, 2013, the Department of Justice set out its prosecutorial priorities in light of various states legalizing cannabis for medicinal
and/or recreational use. The Cole Memorandum provided that when states have implemented strong and effective regulatory
and enforcement systems to control the cultivation, distribution, sale, and possession of cannabis, conduct in compliance with those
laws and regulations is less likely to threaten the federal priorities. Indeed, a robust system may affirmatively address those priorities
by, for example, implementing effective measures to prevent diversion of cannabis outside of the regulated system and to other states,
prohibiting access to cannabis by minors, and replacing an illicit cannabis trade that funds criminal enterprises with a tightly regulated
market in which revenues are tracked and accounted for. In those circumstances, consistent with the traditional allocation of federal-state
efforts in this area, the Cole Memorandum provided that enforcement of state law by state and local law enforcement and regulatory bodies
should remain the primary means of addressing cannabis-related activity. If state enforcement efforts are not sufficiently robust to
protect against the harms set forth above, the federal government may seek to challenge the regulatory structure itself in addition to
continuing to bring individual enforcement actions, including criminal prosecutions, focused on those harms. 

On
January 4, 2018, Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a memorandum for all United States Attorneys concerning cannabis enforcement under
the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). Mr. Sessions rescinded all previous prosecutorial guidance issued by the Department of Justice regarding
cannabis, including the August 29, 2013 Cole Memorandum . 

7 

In
rescinding the Cole Memorandum, Mr. Sessions stated that U.S. Attorneys must decide whether or not to pursue prosecution of cannabis
activity based upon factors including: the seriousness of the crime, the deterrent effect of criminal prosecution, and the cumulative
impact of particular crimes on the community. Mr. Sessions reiterated that the cultivation, distribution, and possession of marijuana
continues to be a crime under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act. 

On
March 23, 2018, President Donald J. Trump signed into law a 1.3 trillion-dollar spending bill that included an amendment known as Rohrabacher-Blumenauer, 
which prohibits the Justice Department from using federal funds to prevent certain states from implementing their own State laws
that authorize the use, distribution, possession or cultivation of medical cannabis. 

On
December 20, 2018, President Donald J. Trump signed into law the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, otherwise known as the Farm
Bill . Prior to its passage, hemp, a member of the cannabis family, was classified as a Schedule 1 controlled substance, and so
illegal under the federal CSA. 

With
the passage of the Farm Bill, hemp cultivation is now broadly permitted. The Farm Bill explicitly allows the transfer of hemp-derived
products across state lines for commercial or other purposes. It also puts no restrictions on the sale, transport, or possession of hemp-derived
products, so long as those items are produced in a manner consistent with the law. 

Under
Section 10113 of the Farm Bill, hemp cannot contain more than 0.3 percent THC. THC refers to the chemical compound found in cannabis
that produces the psychoactive high associated with cannabis. Any cannabis plant that contains more than 0.3 percent THC
would be considered non-hemp cannabis or marijuana under the CSA, and would not be legally protected under this new legislation
and would be treated as an illegal Schedule 1 drug. 

Additionally,
there will be significant, shared state-federal regulatory power over hemp cultivation and production. Under Section 10113 of the Farm
Bill, state departments of agriculture must consult with the state s governor and chief law enforcement officer to devise a plan
that must be submitted to the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture (hereafter referred to as the USDA ).
A state s plan to license and regulate hemp can only commence once the Secretary of USDA approves that state s plan. In states
opting not to devise a hemp regulatory program, USDA will construct a regulatory program under which hemp cultivators in those states
must apply for licenses and comply with a federally-run program. This system of shared regulatory programming is similar to options states
had in other policy areas, such as health insurance marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act, or workplace safety plans under the Occupational
Health and Safety Act both of which had federally-run systems for states opting not to set up their own systems. 

The
Farm Bill outlines actions that are considered violations of federal hemp law (including such activities as cultivating without a license
or producing cannabis with more than 0.3 percent THC). The Farm Bill details possible punishments for such violations, pathways for violators
to become compliant, and even which activities qualify as felonies under the law, such as repeated offenses. 

One
of the goals of the previous 2014 Farm Bill was to generate and protect research into hemp. The 2018 Farm Bill continues this effort.
Section 7605 re-extends the protections for hemp research and the conditions under which such research can and should be conducted. Further,
section 7501 of the Farm Bill extends hemp research by including hemp under the Critical Agricultural Materials Act. This provision recognizes
the importance, diversity, and opportunity of the plant and the products that can be derived from it, but also recognizes that there
is a still a lot to learn about hemp and its products from commercial and market perspectives. 

Business
Overview 

We
believe that due to the highly fragmented nature of the existing cannabis industry, a vertically integrated supply chain will provide
a sustainable competitive advantage over competitors, allow faster growth, foster more consistent product offerings, and make Pineapple s
PVI portfolio asset more attractive for prospective licensees and customers. PVI s revenues and profitability may be adversely
affected by economic conditions and changes in the market for medical and recreational marijuana. PVI s business is also subject
to general economic risks that could adversely impact the results of operations and financial condition (see Risk Factors). We discuss
each facet of our strategy and different line of business below. 

8 

Retail
Opportunities 

As
of the date of filing of this Annual Report, management has identified the following nationally recognized retail cannabis chains: Cresco
Labs, Curealeaf Holdings, Inc., Green Thumb Industries, Inc., Truelieve Cannabis Corp, Acreage Holdings, Inc., Medmen, iAnthus, and Harvest
Health and Recreation. 

We
expect that the nationally recognized chains that will be successful will either find long-term success in the retail environment, or
will discover a financially attractive exit when, as management anticipates, the acquisition and consolidation phase in the industry
begins. However, we believe that phase is some time away and will be dependent, at least in part, upon changes to existing federal laws
and classifications. We believe that this creates an exceptionally unique opportunity for experienced and focused management teams to
develop a national presence. Of particular importance and a distinct barrier to entry for the average entrepreneur is the importance
of personal networks, expertise, and processes necessary to carry out project goals in this industry. PVI management s extensive
experience and relationships set the Company apart from most of its competitors. 

Due
to a lack of established major national chains, PVI faces competition primarily from local or regional companies. It is our belief that
a variety of federally enforced rules and regulations make participation by existing national healthcare chains unlikely in the near
term. 

Developing
retail facilities from the ground-up is a challenge in the cannabis industry. For example, stores must be licensed, which
generally involves a costly, complex and time-consuming process. Several jurisdictions have imposed strict limits on the number of licenses
that may be issued. The present nature of cannabis in the national legislative realm has resulted in very strict zoning requirements
for these types of businesses. These licensing hurdles translate into slow organic growth. 

The
PVI model involves PVI (a) funding established businesses in need of capital to expand where it may enjoy an eventual control option
on the business (e.g. capital is invested in the business keeping the current owner focused on growth); (b) funding teams of industry
professionals that are in the process of developing a new operation and are in need of guidance and capital; and to a more limited degree,
(c) establishing Company owned stores from the ground-up. PVI believes there are many obstacles in creating a robust and
profitable national chain and at present direct store development will not be the most efficient path to success in the current cannabis
environment. PVI believes approaching growth in this manner will allow it to quickly generate revenue and reach sustainable profitability.
PVI is looking to pursue additional transactions with retail and cultivation facilities, manufacturers, and distributors. Please see
the Initial Strategy Execution Section below for additional information. 

Obstacles
and the Pineapple Solution 

One
obstacle to a national retail chain is producing and transporting the product. Due to existing federal laws, marijuana-based products
cannot be transported across state lines. While cannabis remains illegal at the federal level, the federal government has by written
policy set forth a safe harbor framework to allow the states limited independence to experiment with cannabis legalization in various
forms. States have been careful to craft their local regulations to not run afoul of interstate transportation restrictions. State regulations
generally require that cannabis must be grown locally (some states require retailers to grow their own product,) and that cannabis-related
products, including marijuana-infused edibles, oils, lotions, or salves, cannot be transported across state lines. For larger manufacturers,
state regulations generally require establishing local manufacturing in each state; this translates to securing a local state-issued
license, a challenging task in jurisdictions with limited licenses. The alternative approaches to establishing national retail chains
are either through contract manufacturing or licensing. These approaches create challenges with product consistency and the complications
for the manufacturer of managing so many relationships and monitoring quality. PVI has found an opportunity in the obstacle. 

9 

Cannabis
Production and Delivery Service 

PVI
is developing its cannabis and hemp and CBD-product cultivation, production and distribution businesses in various cities throughout
the state of California. PVI s business model is to provide for a vertical solution to its cannabis cultivation, production, and
distribution services throughout the state of California. 

In
March 2019, PVI launched PineappleWellness.com, a website owned by PVI, to sale and distribute hemp and CBD-based products. In April
2019, PVI re-launched PineappleExpress.com, with a focus on its cannabis sales and delivery service. 

PVI,
through its affiliates, obtained several permits from the Department of Public Health in the State of California to permit the temporary
production of medical cannabis and adult cannabis products, from the California Department of Food and Agriculture for the temporary
cultivation of cannabis, and from the California Bureau of Cannabis Control to permit temporary cannabis distribution. PVI, through its
affiliates, obtained cannabis-production, distribution, and delivery permits from local city authorities, including in the cities of
Chatsworth, Palm Springs, and Maywood (Los Angeles County). 

In
March 2019, PVI entered into a Management Services Agreement with Universal Herbal Center, Inc. UHC ), located in Maywood,
California, to serve as the Company s primary cannabis retail delivery center for sourcing its cannabis products to local suppliers.
As of the date of this Annual Report, UHC is currently delivering cannabis products to customers in Southern California. 

In
March 2019, PVI also entered into a second Management Services Agreement with Capital Growth Investments, Inc. CGI ), a
retail dispensary and delivery hub intended to service the Palm Springs and Riverside County areas. PVI has obtained the relevant retail
delivery and cultivation licenses for the CGI facility. It is anticipated that CGI will contain both delivery and a retail dispensary.
This location is currently being built. 

The
Company took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, Inc. and its proposed sub-lease companies, though the
contemplated project never matriculated. As part of these preliminary business steps, rent payment paid by PVI for Nordhoff Leases, Inc.,
at a rate of 50,000 per month were made and PVI founders invested over 300,000 in leasehold improvements. In June 2020, the 50,000
rent payments per months were increased to 87,000 per month. During the same month, PVI then sold the licenses associated with these
entities for 2.87 million to support its operation (15 was owned by PVI) and assigned the lease as part of the sale. PVI received 15 
of the proceeds. 

PVI
through its affiliate UHC maintains a fleet of 15 delivery vehicles at the Los Angeles, CA location to service its retail delivery needs.
The vehicles are outfitted with GPS, security cameras, temperature-controlled safes, cash drawers, and panic buttons. 

Consulting
Services 

The
Pineapple management team understands the consulting, licensing, development, and compliance areas of the cannabis business and has hands-on
operational experience in dispensary management from previous employment in the cannabis industry. Currently, the Company is not currently
pursuing any consulting revenue. The Company will sell the Top Shelf Safe Display System in 2021 of which the patent for the system is
now held by Pineapple, Inc. The Company is planning to sell the system to PVI and other cannabis dispensary companies at 30,000 per
unit. Furthermore, the Company will receive revenues from its 45.17 ownership in PVI. These revenue streams will provide the Company
with long- and short-term growth capital. 

Marketing,
Licensing Promotion 

The
Company s portfolio asset, PVI strives to establish brand objectives, identify promotional strategies, and execute publicity and
marketing plans to ensure its place in the cultural conversation. The goal is to connect with consumers on a local and national level
through advertising, marketing, and strategic alliances, in order to create brand awareness for the Pineapple and THC brands. Publicity
and marketing initiatives include specific strategies for radio, billboards, print media (magazines and newspapers), social media, exhibitions
at industry trade shows, and local grassroots marketing efforts. 

10 

We
have developed a pipeline of opportunities and have executed definitive agreements for the following transactions: 

On
February 12, 2016, the Company acquired the business and assets of THC Parent, the web domain www.thc.com, and the trademark THC .
THC Parent was an operating business since its incorporation in California in 1996, making it one of the first internet-based cannabis
related businesses in the nation. The acquisition includes the THC.com URL address, the THC branded clothing line, use of a clothing
distribution facility, and the rights to sell clothing, namely T-shirts, hats, beanies, pants, shorts, baseball jerseys, jackets, sweatshirts,
polo shirts, and sweat pants displaying the THC trademarked name and logo. 

In
connection with the THC Merger, Ramsey Salem, the former Chief Executive Officer of THC Parent, joined the Company as Chief Executive
Officer of THC in February 2016 and agreed to serve in this position for a period of five years. The Company acquired the THC business
for consideration consisting of (i) a cash payment in the amount of 400,000, (ii) 2,275,133 shares of Common Stock and (iii) a 600,000
note secured by all of the purchased intellectual property that is payable in two equal installments on the 60 day and 90-day anniversaries
of closing. The Company has since made these payments and has subsequently paid all amounts due under the purchase agreement on June
22, 2017. The THC Parent shareholders had the option to require the Company to purchase from them up to 1,478,836 shares at a price of
 0.68 per share from February 12, 2018, through August 12, 2018; provided, however, that they may only exercise this option if, for a
90-day period, the Company s stock price is both less than 0.88 and the average daily trading volume is below 50,000. They did
attempt to exercise this option, and the matter was subsequently resolved. The Company reported such settlement amount in accounts
payable as of December 31, 2020. THC Parent Shareholders agreed to cancel an aggregate of 1,829,631 shares of the Company s common
stock, retaining 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Based on the settlement agreement, the Company derecognized the
 1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the 1,000,000 stock subscription receivable as of December 31, 2020. 

In
July 2016, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with The Sharpe Company Sharpe to develop brand strategy, positioning,
and lifestyle merchandise for the THC brand. In partnership with Sharpe, the Company has updated THC s catalog of products and
added new products. This agreement is no longer in existence and the THC.com website and trademark are being utilized by PVI per the
Share Exchange Agreement. The Company currently owes The Sharpe Company 18,692. 

In
May 2017, the Company entered into a transaction whereas it licensed the THC.com website to The Hit Channel, Inc., which has agreed to
develop the website and pay an initial licensing fee of 150,000 and enter into a revenue sharing arrangement thereafter, subject to
an annual minimum amount guaranteed for the life of the contract. The THC.com website re-launched in the first quarter of 2018. This
relationship is no longer in existence per a February 4, 2020, Purchase and Settlement Agreement where the Company paid The Hit Channel
 40,000 and 555,275 shares of the Company stock for control for a return of control of the THC.com website, which was returned to Pineapple. 

In
May 2017, the Company licensed its THC trademark to Putnam Accessory Group, Inc. PAG ), a leading accessory design, product
development, production and logistics company for private label and branded fashion. PAG specialize in young men s, women s
and junior s headwear, cold weather beanies, scarves, gloves, an array of both fashion and technical bags as well as small accessory
items. Established in 1997, PAG is a global organization with multiple office locations: worldwide headquarters in Los Angeles; San Diego,
Colorado and Japan showrooms, as well as manufacturing offices located throughout mainland China. The royalty arrangement obligates PAG
to pay the Company 12 of sales during an 18-month engagement and also calls for royalty guarantee payments during subsequent renewal
terms. This agreement is no longer in existence and the THC trademark was being utilized by PVI for consumer products per the
Share Exchange Agreement. 

In
July 2017, the Company entered into a Patent Assignment Agreement with Sky Island, Inc. for the assignment of the patent of the Top Shelf
System, along with the opportunity to sell the Safe Display System. The Company will pay Sky Island, Inc. 30 of the gross sales price
of each unit as a royalty payment. If a unit is leased, the Company will pay Sky Island, Inc. 30 of any lease payments made to the Company. 

On
September 20, 2018, the Company entered into a Website Licensing Agreement with PVI. Two websites, www.pineappleexpress.com and www.thc.com,
were being used by PVI and Pineapple. The Company received a royalty from all sales made from these websites through the Website Licensing
Agreement. This agreement was made non-effective per the Share Exchange Agreement with PVI. As of the filing date of this Annual Report,
the www.thc.com domain has been returned to Ramsey Houston Salem as disclosed in Item 3 (Legal Proceedings) herein pursuant to
an arbitration award. 

11 

As
further discussed herein, on December 17, 2020, PVI purchased from the Company all trade dress and trade names, logos, internet addresses
and domain names, trademarks and service marks, and related registrations and applications, including any intent to use applications,
supplemental registrations and any renewals or extensions, all other indicia of commercial source or origin, and all goodwill of any
business associated with any of the foregoing. 

Properties 

PVI
and its affiliates (as mentioned above) require significant real estate to conduct its cannabis cultivation, production, and distribution
services. The strategy is to lease existing structures to operate its businesses and/or sub-lease to clients for cannabis related purposes
following development of the premises to provide the sub-tenant a suitable space for the business purpose. 

Beginning
in 2019 and as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, the properties are as follows: 

9,859 sq ft of leased space in Los Angeles,
 CA 

6,000 sq ft of leased space in Palm Springs,
 CA 

3,600 sq ft of leased space in Hollywood,
 CA 

On
October 12, 2016, Better Business Consultants, Inc. s, Pineapple Express One, LLC s PE1 ), and Pineapple Express
Two, LLC s PE2 rights under a purchase contract with United Pentecostal Church of Desert Hot Springs UPCDHS to purchase 3.78 acres and existing building structures was terminated by UPCDHS. BBC, PE1, and PE2 were unsuccessful in recouping any
of the 1.5 million in costs associated with deposits to UPCDHS towards the acquisition of the parcel, as well as paid and unpaid development
costs expended regarding the parcel. BBC, PE1, and PE2 attempted to resolve the matter amicably with UPCDHS and the ultimate acquirer
of the parcel, which gained the benefit of the development costs expended by BBC, PE1, and PE2 in improving the value of the parcel as
well as the conditional use permit tied to the real estate. As a result, BBC, PE1, and PE2 were sold by us to a related party and our
majority shareholder, Jaime Ortega. Mr. Ortega, the new owner of BBC, PE1, and PE2, advised management that he would address the matter
with UPCDHS as well as the purchaser of the parcel, and also resolve any debts to vendors that went unpaid, through litigation. As of
this date, this action was found to be the culmination of a multiplicity of actions and cross-actions arising from the claims to title
relating to certain real property more commonly known as 65241 San Jacinto Lane, Desert Hot Springs, California, 92240-5014 and construction
disputes for building projects thereon. BBC, PE1 and PE2 were dismissed from this action and will only be subject to a deficiency judgment,
if any, when the property is sold. 

On
April 5, 2017, the Company entered into a real estate purchase transaction for a 1.26-acre parcel of land in Desert Hot Springs, CA (the
 Desert Hot Springs Property ). The Desert Hot Springs Property purchase was finalized on July 24, 2017, for 700,000 and
the Company took possession of the Desert Hot Springs Property. In order to finance this purchase, the Company borrowed 700,000 from
a related party entity, Sky Island, Inc., controlled by our majority shareholder, Jaime Ortega. 

On
June 20, 2017, the Desert Hot Springs Property was sold to Hawkeye, LLC in order to reduce a debt owed to them by the Company. 

In
March 2019, PVI entered into lease agreements related to two new locations, 9367 Cassia Road and 16441 Beaver Road in Adelanto CA, totaling
37,750 square feet of rentable warehouse space. PVI and its tenants of these properties never moved in and eventually moved the project
to Chatsworth, CA. 

In
October 2020, PVI entered into a lease agreement related to a location at 1704 Vine Street in Hollywood CA, totaling 3,600 square feet
of rentable retail space. This property is currently under construction and is expected to be ready to operate in August 2021. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company, excluding its subsidiaries, had no full-time employees, five independent contractors, and no part-time
employees. 

12 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Related to Our Company and Our Business 

Following
the filing of this Annual Report, we will remain delayed in our SEC reporting obligations, and we cannot assure you when we will complete
our remaining SEC filings for periods subsequent to those included in this Annual Report, and we are likely to continue to face challenges
until we complete these filings. 

We
continue to face challenges with regard to completing our remaining SEC filings for periods subsequent to those included in this Annual
Report. We remain delayed with our SEC reporting obligations as of the filing date of this Annual Report and we cannot assure you that
we will be able to complete our remaining filings for periods subsequent to this Annual Report. 

Until
we complete these remaining filings, we expect to continue to face many of the risks and challenges we have experienced during our extended
filing delay period, which include but are not limited: 

to continued
 concern on the part of customers, partners, investors, and employees about our financial condition and extended filing delay status; 

additional
 significant time and expense required to complete our remaining filings and the process of seeking the re-listing of our common stock
 on OTCQB; 

continued
 distraction of our senior management team and our board of directors as we work to complete our remaining filings and seek to re-list
 our common stock; 

limitations
 on our ability to raise capital and make acquisitions; and 

general reputational
 harm as a result of the foregoing. 

Even
if we complete our remaining filings for periods subsequent to those included in this Annual Report and our common stock is re-listed
on OTCQB, we cannot assure you that all of the risks and challenges described above will be eliminated. 

We
have a limited operating history and operate in a new industry, and we may not succeed. 

We
have a limited operating history and may not succeed. We are subject to all risks inherent in a developing business enterprise. Our likelihood
of continued success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered
in connection with manufacturing specialty products and the competitive and regulatory environment in which we operate. For example,
the cannabis industry is a new industry that may not succeed, particularly should the Federal government change course and decide to
prosecute those dealing in medical or recreational cannabis. In such event, there may not be an adequate market for our products. As
a new industry, there are few established players whose business models we can follow. Similarly, there is little information about comparable
companies for potential investors to review in making a decision about whether to invest in the Company. 

Potential
investors should consider, among other factors, our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies
that, like us, are in their early stages. For example, unanticipated expenses, unexpected problems, and technical difficulties may occur
and they may result in material delays in the operation of our business, in particular with respect to our new products. We may not successfully
address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our operating strategies. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm
our business to the point of having to cease operations and could impair the value of our Common Stock to the point investors may lose
their entire investment. 

13 

We
have incurred significant losses since our inception, have generated minimal revenues to date and anticipate that we will continue to
incur significant losses for the foreseeable future; our auditors have included in their audit report for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2020, an explanatory paragraph as to substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
have incurred significant net losses in each year since our inception, including net losses of 1,148,828 for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2020, and 1,168,462 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. As of December 31, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of 14,567,489.
We anticipate incurring additional losses until such time we can generate significant revenues, and/or reduce operating costs. To date,
we have generated minimal revenues and have financed our operations exclusively through the sale of our equity and debt securities (including
convertible securities). The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future expenditures and our ability to
generate revenue. We expect a continued increase in our expenses associated with our operations as we are currently an SEC reporting company. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of other reasons, including unsuccessful acquisitions,
costs of integrating new businesses and assets, expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown events. As a result of
the foregoing, we expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and we may not be able to achieve or sustain
profitability. 

Our
auditors have included in their audit reports for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, a going concern explanatory
paragraph as to substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to meet our total liabilities of 2,773,936
as of December 31, 2020, and to continue as a going concern, is dependent on us generating substantial revenues and/or obtaining adequate
capital to fund operating losses until we become profitable. We may never achieve profitability, and even if we do, we may not be able
to sustain being profitable. As a result of our going concern qualification, there is an increased risk that you could lose the entire
amount of your investment in our Company, which assumes the realization of our assets and the satisfaction of our liabilities and commitments
in the normal course of business. 

Uncertainty
of profitability. 

Our
business strategy may result in increased volatility of revenues and earnings. As we will only develop a limited number of products and
services at a time, our overall success will depend on a limited number of products and services, which may cause variability and unsteady
profits and losses depending on the products and services offered and their market acceptance. 

Our
revenues and our profitability may be adversely affected by economic conditions and changes in the market for medical and recreational
marijuana. Our business is also subject to general economic risks that could adversely impact the results of operations and financial
condition. 

Because
of the anticipated nature of the products and services that we offer and attempt to develop, it is difficult to accurately forecast revenues
and operating results and these items could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors. These factors may include, among other
things, the following: 

Our ability
 to raise sufficient capital to take advantage of opportunities and generate sufficient revenues to cover expenses. 

Our ability
 to source strong opportunities with sufficient risk adjusted returns. 

Our ability
 to manage our capital and liquidity requirements based on changing market conditions generally and changes in the developing legal
 medical marijuana and recreational marijuana industries. 

The acceptance
 of the terms and conditions of our services. 

The amount
 and timing of operating and other costs and expenses. 

The nature
 and extent of competition from other companies that may reduce market share and create pressure on pricing and investment return
 expectations. 

Adverse changes
 in the national and regional economies in which we will participate, including, but not limited to, changes in our performance, capital
 availability, and market demand. 

Adverse changes
 in the projects in which we plan to invest which result from factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, a change
 in circumstances, capacity and economic impacts. 

Adverse developments
 in the efforts to legalize marijuana or increased federal enforcement. 

Changes in
 laws, regulations, accounting, taxation, and other requirements affecting our operations and business. 

Our operating
 results may fluctuate from year to year due to the factors listed above and others not listed. At times, these fluctuations may be
 significant. 

14 

Cannabis
remains illegal under federal law. 

Cannabis
is a categorized as a Schedule I controlled substance by the Drug Enforcement Agency and the United States Department of Justice and
is illegal to grow, possess and consume under federal law. Even in those jurisdictions in which the use of medical cannabis has been
legalized at the state level, its use remains a violation of federal law. The United States Supreme Court has ruled in United States
v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers Coop. and Gonzales v. Raich that it is the federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize
cannabis, even for medical purposes. Therefore, federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that legalize its use
for medicinal or adult-retail purposes. Strict enforcement of federal law regarding cannabis would likely result in our inability to
proceed with our business plan. 

The
previous Obama administration has effectively stated that it is not an efficient use of resources to direct federal law enforcement agencies
to prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical cannabis. In furtherance thereof,
on August 29, 2013, the Department of Justice provided guidance to all U.S. federal prosecutors with respect to the enforcement of laws
regarding cannabis via the publication of a memorandum authored by former US Attorney General James M. Cole (the Cole Memo ).
The Cole Memo stated that enforcement should be focused on eight priorities, which is to prevent: (1) distribution of cannabis to minors;
(2) revenue from sale of cannabis to criminal enterprises, gangs and cartels; (3) transfer of cannabis from states where it is legal
to states where it is illegal; (4) cannabis activity from being a pretext for trafficking of other illegal drugs or illegal activity;
(5) violence of use of firearms in cannabis growth and distribution; (6) drugged driving and adverse public health consequences from
cannabis use; (7) growth of cannabis on federal lands; and (8) cannabis possession or use on federal property. 

On
January 4, 2017, the U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions rescinded the Cole Memo and restored the rule of law. Such rescission
essentially shifts federal policy from the hands-off approach adopted under the Obama administration to allowing federal prosecutors
across the U.S. to decide individually how to prioritize resources to crack down on pot possession, distribution and cultivation of the
drug in states where it is legal. Furthermore, the Trump administration has previously indicated that it will pursue the enforcement
of federal cannabis laws. 

While
we do not believe our current activities involve those enumerated in the Cole Memo, in light of the rescission of the memo by the current
Attorney General, federal prosecutors will now have significant discretion on their interpretation of these priorities, and no assurances
can be given that federal prosecutors will agree with our position. We therefore cannot provide assurance that our actions are in full
compliance with the Cole Memo or any other state or federal laws or regulations. In addition, there is no guarantee that the current
administration will not further change its policy regarding the strict enforcement of federal laws or the eight listed priorities. Additionally,
any new administration that follows could change this policy and decide to enforce the federal laws even stronger. Any such change in
the federal government s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us and our shareholders. 

Some
of our business activities and the business activities of some of our customers, while believed to be compliant with applicable state
law, are illegal under federal law because they violate the Federal Controlled Substances Act. If we or our customers are closed by law
enforcement authorities, it will materially and adversely affect our business. 

As
of the date of this filing, 36 states and 4 territories allow for the medical use of cannabis products. ,
and four U.S. Territories Puerto Rico and Guam while 17 of those states, the District of Columbia, the Northern Mariana Islands, and
Guam have also legalized the adult-use of cannabis. Although legalized in some states, cannabis is a Schedule 1 drug
under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) CSA and is illegal under federal law. 

15 

The
Federal Controlled Substances Act, the possession, use, cultivation, marketing, and transfer of cannabis is illegal. The federal, and
in some cases state, law enforcement authorities have frequently closed down dispensaries and investigated and/or closed physician offices
that provide medicinal cannabis recommendations. To the extent that we our customers dispensary or factory is closed, it will
negatively affect our revenue, and to the extent that it prevents or discourages other similar businesses from entering the cannabis
industry, our potential customer base would contract, leading to a material negative effect on our business and operations. 

The
cannabis industry faces strong opposition. 

It
is believed by many that large well-funded businesses may have a strong economic opposition to the cannabis industry. We believe that
the pharmaceutical industry does not want to cede control of any product that could generate significant revenue. For example, medical
cannabis will likely adversely impact the existing market for medicines sold by mainstream pharmaceutical companies that contain active
ingredients from cannabis. Furthermore, the medical marijuana industry could face a material threat from the pharmaceutical industry,
should marijuana displace other drugs or encroach upon the pharmaceutical industry s products. The pharmaceutical industry is well
funded with a strong and experienced lobby that eclipses the funding of the medical cannabis movement. Any inroads the pharmaceutical
industry could make in halting or impeding the cannabis industry could have a detrimental impact on our proposed business. 

Additionally,
we are substantially dependent on continued market acceptance and proliferation of consumers of cannabis, medical marijuana and recreational
marijuana. We believe that as marijuana becomes more accepted the stigma associated with marijuana use will diminish and as a result
consumer demand will continue to grow. While we believe that the market and opportunity in the marijuana space continues to grow, we
cannot predict the future growth rate and size of the market. Any negative outlook on the marijuana industry will adversely affect our
business operations. 

There
is uncertainty regarding the availability of U.S. federal patent and trademark protection. 

As
long as cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal law, the benefit of certain federal laws and protections which may be available to
most businesses, such as federal trademark and patent protection regarding the intellectual property of a business, may not be available
to us. As a result, our intellectual property may never be adequately or sufficiently protected against the use or misappropriation by
third parties. In addition, since the regulatory framework of the cannabis industry is in a constant state of flux, we can provide no
assurance that it will ever obtain any protection of its intellectual property, whether on a federal, state, or local level. 

There
may be a U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA risk. 

If
legalization occurs federally, the FDA could impose additional regulations or risks on cannabis. 

We
could experience difficulty enforcing our contracts. 

Due
to the nature of our business and the fact that our contracts involve cannabis and other activities that are not legal under U.S. federal
law and in some jurisdictions, we may face difficulties in enforcing our contracts in federal and certain state courts. The inability
to enforce any of our contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or prospects. 

We
and our customers and clients may have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which may make it difficult for them to operate. 

Since
the use of cannabis is illegal under federal law, there is a compelling argument that banks cannot accept for deposit funds from businesses
involved with cannabis. While the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN has provided guidance to financial institutions
on how to provide services to marijuana-related businesses consistent with their Bank Secrecy Act obligations, the decision to open,
close, or refuse accounts and/or relationships are made at the discretion of the banking institution. Consequently, businesses involved
in the cannabis industry often have trouble finding a bank willing to accept their business. The inability to open bank accounts may
make it difficult for us and our clients to operate. 

16 

Due
to our involvement in the cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate
our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 

Insurance
that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, is more difficult for us
to find, and more expensive, because we are service providers to companies in the cannabis industry. There are no guarantees that we
will be able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to go without such insurances,
it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk and financial
liabilities. 

Laws
and regulations affecting the cannabis industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our business, and we cannot
predict the impact that future regulations may have on us. 

Local,
state and federal medical cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope, and they are subject to evolving interpretations, which could
require our licensees to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of their sales or marketing practices.
For example, the rescission of the Cole Memo by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on January 4, 2018. In addition, violations of these
laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our license business and result in a material adverse effect on our revenues under
our license agreements, which would negatively affect our profitability and financial condition. 

In
addition, it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to us and our business. We cannot
predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental
regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. These potential effects could
include, however, requirements for the revisions to our business model to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain
products, or additional record keeping and reporting requirements. Any or all of these requirements could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
may not obtain the required state and local licenses required to conduct our business. 

Where
applicable, we apply for state and/or licenses that are necessary to conduct our business in compliance with local laws. While we are
not required to obtain governmental approval in connection with providing the services we offer or for manufacturing the products we
sell, establishing an operating dispensary requires governmental approval, usually at the local and state level. Such approval is obtained
through a complex licensing process that is newly adopted by the states in almost all cases, which we monitor on behalf of our clients.
If we are not granted necessary licenses by the relevant governing bodies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, which can adversely affect the cost, manner
and feasibility of doing business . 

We
are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, which can adversely affect the cost, manner
and feasibility of doing business. The operations and facilities of our facilities will be subject to extensive federal, state, and local
laws and regulations relating to the growth of cannabis and the manufacture and distribution of products containing cannabis (and/or
its psychoactive compound, THC). Such existing laws or regulations regarding cannabis and its psychoactive compound, as currently interpreted
or reinterpreted in the future, or future laws or regulations, may adversely affect our businesses and sales. Consequently, our revenues
would thereby decrease, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

17 

Ordinary
and necessary business deduction other than the cost of goods sold are disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service for Cannabis companies
under the Internal Revenue Code (the IRC Section 280E. 

IRC
Section 280E prohibits our businesses from deducting ordinary and necessary business expenses pertaining to cannabis sale, forcing the
Company to contend with higher effective federal tax rates than similar companies in other industries. This onerous tax burden significantly
impacts the profitability of the Company and may make the pricing of its products less competitive. 

If
no additional states allow the medicinal or adult-retail use of cannabis, or if one or more states that currently allow it, reverse their
position, we may not be able to continue our growth, or the market for our products and services may decline. 

As
of December 31, 2020, 36 states and the District of Columbia, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico have passed laws allowing
some degree of medical use of cannabis, while seventeen (17) of those states and the District of Columbia, the Northern Mariana Islands,
and Guam, have also legalized the adult-use of cannabis. There can be no assurance that number of states that allow the use of medicinal
and recreational cannabis will grow, and if it does not, there can be no assurance that the 36 existing states and/or the District of
Columbia will not reverse their position and make medicinal and recreational cannabis illegal again. If either of these things happens,
then not only will the growth of our business be materially impacted, but we may experience declining revenue as the market for our products
and services declines. 

Arizona,
Montana, New Jersey, and South Dakota passed laws allowing recreational (adult-use) marijuana and Mississippi passed an initiative allowing
medical marijuana. 

We
may not be able to effectively control and manage our growth. 

Our
strategy envisions a period of potentially rapid growth. We currently maintain nominal administrative and personnel capacity due to the
startup nature of our business, and our expected growth may impose a significant burden on our future planned administrative and operational
resources. The growth of our business may require significant investments of capital and increased demands on our management, workforce
and facilities. We will be required to substantially expand our administrative and operational resources and attract, train, manage and
retain qualified management and other personnel. Failure to do so or satisfy such increased demands would interrupt or would have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our
industry is highly competitive, and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors which may give them an advantage
in developing and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete. 

We
are involved in a highly competitive industry where we may compete with numerous other companies who offer alternative methods or approaches,
who may have far greater resources, more experience, and personnel perhaps more qualified than we do. Such resources may give our competitors
an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products obsolete. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities. 

The
success of our new and existing partnerships, products, and services is uncertain, and large resources may be required to sustain our
current business model. 

We
have committed, and expect to continue to commit, significant resources and capital to develop and market existing partnership, product,
and service enhancements as well as new partnerships, products and services. These partnerships, products and services are relatively
new and untested, and we cannot assure you that we will achieve market acceptance for these partnerships, products, and services, or
other new partnerships, products and services that we may offer in the future. Moreover, these and other new partnerships, products and
services may be subject to significant competition with offerings by new and existing competitors in our sector. In addition, new partnerships,
products, services and enhancements may pose a variety of technical challenges and require us to attract additional qualified employees.
The failure to successfully develop and market these new partnerships, products, services or enhancements could seriously harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Our
business is dependent upon continued market acceptance by consumers . 

We
are substantially dependent on continued market acceptance of our products and our licensees , lessee s, or tenant s
products by consumers. Although we believe that the use of cannabis in the United States is gaining stronger consumer acceptance, we
cannot predict the future growth rate and size of this market. 

If
we fail to successfully introduce new partnerships or products, we may lose market position. 

New
partnerships, products, and product improvements, and line extensions will be an important factor in our sales growth. If we fail to
identify emerging consumer and technological trends, to maintain and improve the competitiveness of our existing partnerships and products
or to successfully introduce new products on a timely basis, we may lose market position. Continued business development, product development,
and marketing efforts have all the risks inherent in the development of new partnerships, products, and line extensions, including development
delays, the failure of new partnerships, products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance and the cost
of failed product introductions. 

We
are dependent upon key personnel whose loss may adversely impact our business. 

We
rely heavily on the expertise, experience and continued services of Matthew Feinstein, our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Shawn
Credle, our Chief Executive Officer, Joshua Eisenberg, our Chief Operating Officer, and Marco Rullo, our Chief Strategy Officer. The
loss of Mr. Feinstein, Mr. Credle, Mr. Eisenberg, or Mr. Rullo, or an inability to attract or retain other key individuals, could materially
adversely affect us. We seek to compensate and motivate Mr. Feinstein, Mr. Credle, Mr. Eisenberg, and Mr. Rullo, as well as other personnel,
through competitive cash and equity compensation, but there can be no assurance that these programs will allow us to retain key personnel
or hire new key personnel. As a result, if any member of our key personnel were to leave, we could face substantial difficulty in hiring
a qualified successor and could experience a loss in productivity while any such successor obtains the necessary training and experience.
Mr. Feinstein, Mr. Credle, Mr. Eisenberg, and Mr. Rullo were the only key persons that we were dependent upon as of December 31, 2020. 

Our
services have never been provided on a mass market commercial basis, and we do not know whether they will be accepted by the market. 

The
market for cannabis products is at a relatively early stage of development and the extent to which its use will be widely adopted is
uncertain. If our services are not accepted by the market, our business plans, prospects, results of operations and financial condition
will suffer. Moreover, jurisdictions that have not approved the medicinal and/or adult-retail use of cannabis products may decide not
to permit the use of such products. The development of a successful market for our proposed operations and our ability to license our
intellectual property and implement our business plan may be affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. If
our proposed operations fail to gain sufficient market acceptance, our business plans, prospects, results of operations and financial
condition will suffer. 

We
may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our patents and proprietary rights. 

Our
continuing success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property and maintain the proprietary nature of our technology
through a combination of patents, trademarks, licenses and other intellectual property arrangements, without infringing the proprietary
rights of third parties. We cannot assure that these patents, trademarks, licenses and other intellectual property arrangements will
be held valid if challenged, or that other parties will not claim rights in or ownership of our patent and other proprietary rights.
We also cannot assure that our pending patents will be issued. Moreover, patents issued to us or those we license patents from may be
circumvented or fail to provide adequate protection. 

Unfavorable
outcomes in legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

Our
results may be affected by the outcome of future litigation. Unfavorable rulings in our legal proceedings may have a negative impact
on us that may be greater or smaller depending on the nature of the rulings. In addition, from time to time in the future we may be subject
to various claims, investigations, legal and administrative cases and proceedings (whether civil or criminal) or lawsuits by governmental
agencies or private parties, including as described in the immediately preceding risk factor. For example, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
regarding our ongoing and recently resolved litigation. If the results of these investigations, proceedings or suits are unfavorable
to us or if we are unable to successfully defend against third party lawsuits, we may be required to pay monetary damages or may be subject
to fines, penalties, injunctions or other censure that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Even if we adequately address the issues raised by an investigation or proceeding or successfully defend a third-party
lawsuit or counterclaim, we may have to devote significant financial and management resources to address these issues, which could harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

Litigation
brought by third parties claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights or trying to invalidate intellectual property rights
owned or used by us may be costly and time consuming. 

We
may face lawsuits from time to time alleging that our intellectual property infringes on third-party intellectual property, and/or seeking
to invalidate or limit our ability to use our intellectual property. 

If
we become involved in litigation, we may incur substantial expense defending these claims and the proceedings may divert the attention
of management, even if we prevail. An adverse determination in proceedings of this type could subject us to significant liabilities,
allow our competitors to market competitive products without a license from us, prohibit us from marketing our products or require us
to seek licenses from third parties that may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

If
we are deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions could have an adverse effect on our business. 

The
Investment Company Act contains substantive legal requirements that regulate the manner in which investment companies are
permitted to conduct their business activities. We believe that we have conducted our business in a manner that does not result in being
characterized as an investment company under the Investment Company Act because we are primarily engaged in a non-investment
company business. Although a portion of our assets may constitute investments in non-controlled entities, namely our subsidiary, PEC,
provided capital to canna-related business clientele, we believe that we are not an investment company as defined by the Investment Company
Act. While we intend to conduct our operations such that we will not be deemed an investment company, such a determination would require
us to initiate burdensome compliance requirements and comply with restrictions imposed by the Investment Company Act that would limit
our activities, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, which would have an adverse
effect on our financial condition. To avoid such a determination, we may be required to conduct our business in a manner that does not
subject us to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, which could have an adverse effect on our business. For example, we may
be required to sell certain of our assets and pay significant taxes upon the sale or transfer of such assets. 

Risks
Relating to our Cannabis Development Project 

Our
tenants may not be able to successfully execute their respective business strategies and may not be able to meet their lease obligations
or avoid defaults. 

We
will depend on rental income from tenants for a significant portion of our revenues. Our financial performance would be adversely affected
if a significant number of our tenants fail to meet their lease obligations. We expect our tenants to be successful not only in growing
marijuana, but also in developing and marketing their products and successfully executing their business strategies. Should they be unable
to grow marijuana or to distribute their products, or if their businesses are not profitable, they may not be able to make their scheduled
lease payments and default on their obligations. 

The
Cities of Los Angeles and Palm Springs laws and regulations may change. 

While
PVI and its affiliates have leased buildings whereby cannabis activities are currently able to be permitted, changes to the City s
applicable laws and regulations or the permitting process may impact PVI s and its affiliates ability to expand the permits
to new tenants. Alleged violation of these laws could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations.
In addition, we cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications of laws and regulations. 

20 

Damage
from catastrophic weather and other natural events and climate change could result in losses to our Company. 

Our
buildings and land are susceptible to natural disaster type of events that could interrupt and halt our tenant s ability to grow
and cultivate marijuana. They are located in areas that may experience catastrophic weather and other natural events from time to time,
including fires, windstorms or hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding or other severe weather. These adverse weather and natural events could
cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which could exceed our insurance coverage. In the event of a loss in excess of
insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property.
We could also continue to be obligated to repay any obligations related to the property. Any such loss could materially and adversely
affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and
regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties
and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue. 

We
may face possible agricultural risks. 

Cultivation
hasn t become operational yet, but when it does, there are risks such as there may be bad crops if not handled correctly by the
cultivators. 

We
may face legacy litigation related to our prior ownership of THC. 

Even
though we transferred the rights of the website and trademark for THC Industries, LLC, we may experience litigation brought by
third parties claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights or trying to invalidate intellectual property rights owned
or used by us may be costly and time consuming. Management intends to dissolve THC Industries, LLC. 

PVI s
plans to expand its product offerings and sales channels might not be successful, and implementation of these plans might divert our
operational, managerial and administrative resources, which could impact our competitive position. 

PVI s
success and the planned growth and expansion of the business depends on their products and services achieving greater and broader acceptance,
resulting in a larger customer base, and on the expansion of its operations into new markets. However, there can be no assurance that
customers will purchase its products and/or services, or that they will be able to continually expand their customer base. Additionally,
if they are unable to effectively market or expand their product and/or service offerings, we will be unable to grow and expand our business
or implement our business strategy. 

PVI s
ability to grow its existing brand and develop or identify new growth opportunities depends in part on its ability to appropriately identify,
develop and effectively execute strategies and initiatives. Failure to effectively identify, develop and execute strategies and initiatives
may lead to increased operating costs without offsetting benefits and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
These plans involve various risks discussed elsewhere in these risk factors, including: 

implementation
 of these plans may be delayed or may not be successful; 

if PVI s
 expanded product offerings and sales channels fail to maintain and enhance our distinctive brand identity, our brand image may be
 diminished, and our sales may decrease; and 

implementation
 of these plans may divert management s attention from other aspects of our business and place a strain on our management, operational
 and financial resources, as well as our information systems. 

21 

In
addition, PVI s ability to successfully carry out our plans to expand its product offerings may be affected by, among other things,
laws and regulations pertaining to cannabis use, economic and competitive conditions, changes in consumer spending patterns and consumer
preferences. PVI s expansion plans could be delayed or abandoned, could cost more than anticipated and could divert resources from
other areas of our business, any of which could impact its competitive position and reduce our revenue and profitability. 

A
disruption in information technology infrastructure may interrupt operations and effect the Company and its investors. 

PVI
depends on information systems to operate their business, including websites, process transactions, respond to customer inquiries, manage
inventory and production, purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis and maintain cost-efficient operations. PVI may experience
operational problems with their information systems as a result of system failures, viruses, computer hackers or other
causes. 

Any
material disruption or slowdown of PVI systems could cause information, including data related to customer orders, to be lost or delayed,
delays in the delivery of merchandise to our stores and customers or lost sales. 

Moreover,
PVI may not be successful in developing or acquiring technology that is competitive and responsive to the needs of our customers and
might lack sufficient resources to make the necessary investments in technology to compete with our competitors. Accordingly, if changes
in technology cause our information systems to become obsolete, or if our information systems are inadequate to handle our growth, we
could lose customers. 

A
failure in PVI s online retail operations could significantly disrupt our business and lead to reduced sales and reputational damage. 

PVI s
online retail operations account for a significant portion of the Company s income and are subject to numerous risks that could
have a material adverse effect on our operational results. Risks to online revenue include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Poor customer
 service; 

Poor execution
 of operations; 

changes in
 consumer preferences and buying trends relating to internet usage; 

changes in
 required technology interfaces; 

website downtime;
 and 

risks related
 to the failure of the systems that operate the web sites and their related support systems, including computer viruses, theft of
 customer information, telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. 

PVI s
failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce Internet sales and damage our brand s reputation. 

Failure
to protect the integrity and security of our information systems and our customers information could materially adversely affect
our results of operations, damage our reputation and expose us to litigation. 

Cannabis
delivery sales through PVI s website operations may involve the collection, storage and transmission of customers credit
card information and personal identification data, as well as employee information and non-public company data. The costs associated
with maintaining the security of such information, including increased investments in technology, the costs of compliance with consumer
protection laws, and costs resulting from consumer fraud or a malicious breach of our information systems, could materially adversely
affect our results of operations. If the security of the customer data stored on our servers or transmitted by our network is breached,
our reputation could be materially adversely affected, which could negatively impact our sales results, and we could be subject to litigation.
To date, we have not experienced any security breaches. 

22 

We
may be required to recognize impairment charges that could materially affect our results of operations. 

We
assess our goodwill and other intangible assets, and our other long-lived assets as and when required by accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States GAAP to determine whether they are impaired. If they are impaired, we would record appropriate
impairment charges. It is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges in the future and, if we do so, our
results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Risks
Relating to our Interest in PVI. 

Our
future success depends on PVI s ability to grow and expand their customer base. PVI s failure to achieve such growth or expansion
could materially harm our business. 

To
date, our revenue growth has been derived from licensing intellectual property and our portfolio of income generating assets. Our success
and the planned growth and expansion of our business depend on us achieving greater and broader acceptance of PVI s products and
expanding its customer base. There can be no assurance that customers will purchase their products or that they will continue to expand
their customer base. If they are unable to effectively market or expand their product offerings, they will be unable to grow and expand
their business or implement their business strategy. This could materially impair their ability to increase sales and revenue and materially
and adversely affect their margins, which could harm our business and cause our stock price to decline. 

If
we incur substantial liability from litigation, complaints, or enforcement actions resulting from misconduct by our distributors, our
financial condition could suffer. We will require that our distributors comply with applicable law and with our policies and procedures.
Although we will use various means to address misconduct by our distributors, including maintaining these policies and procedures to
govern the conduct of our distributors and conducting training seminars, it will still be difficult to detect and correct all instances
of misconduct. Violations of applicable law or our policies and procedures by our distributors could lead to litigation, formal or informal
complaints, enforcement actions, and inquiries by various federal, state, or foreign regulatory authorities against us and/or our distributors.
and could consume considerable amounts of financial and other corporate resources, which could have a negative impact on our sales, revenue,
profitability and growth prospects. As we are currently in the process of implementing our direct sales distributor program, we have
not been, and are not currently, subject to any material litigation, complaint or enforcement action regarding distributor misconduct
by any federal, state or foreign regulatory authority. 

PVI s
future manufacturers could fail to fulfill orders for products, which would disrupt their business, increase costs, harm their reputation
and potentially cause them to lose our market. 

PVI
depends on certain manufacturers to produce products. These manufacturers could fail to produce products to PVI s specifications
or in a workmanlike manner and may not deliver the units on a timely basis. Their manufacturers may also have to obtain inventories of
necessary parts. Any change in manufacturers to resolve production issues could disrupt PVI s ability to fulfill orders. Any change
in manufacturers to resolve production issues could also disrupt business due to delays in finding new manufacturers, providing specifications
and testing initial production. Such disruptions in business and/or delays in fulfilling orders would harm PVI s reputation and
would potentially cause them us to lose their market. 

Our
industry is subject to intense competition. 

The
Company has entered the cannabis distribution business as a result of the PVI share exchange. There is potential that PVI will face intense
competition from other companies, some of which can be expected to have longer operating histories and more financial resources and experience
than the Company. Increased competition by larger and better-financed competitors could materially and adversely affect the business,
financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the PVI. 

23 

Because
of the early stage of the industry in which the PVI operates, the Company expects to face additional competition from new entrants. To
become and remain competitive, PVI will require research and development, marketing, sales and support. PVI may not have sufficient resources
to maintain research and development, marketing, sales and support efforts on a competitive basis which could materially and adversely
affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company. 

As
well, the legal landscape for medical and recreational marijuana is changing internationally. More countries have passed laws that allow
for the production and distribution of medical marijuana in some form or another. We have some international partnerships in place, which
may be affected if more countries legalize medical marijuana. Increased international competition might lower the demand for our products
on a global scale. 

New
well-capitalized entrants into our industry may develop large-scale operations which will make it difficult for our business to compete
and remain profitable. 

Currently,
the marijuana industry generally is comprised of individuals and small to medium-sized entities, however, the risk remains that large
conglomerates and companies who also recognize the potential for financial success through investment in this industry could strategically
purchase or assume control of larger dispensaries and cultivation facilities. In doing so, these larger competitors could establish price
setting and cost controls which would effectively price out many of the individuals and small to medium-sized entities
who currently make up the bulk of the participants in the varied businesses operating within and in support of the medical marijuana
industry. While the trend in most state laws and regulations seemingly deters this type of takeover, this industry remains quite nascent,
so what the landscape will be in the future remains largely unknown, which in itself is a risk. 

Our
proposed business plan is subject to all business risks associated with new business enterprises, including the absence of any significant
operating history upon which to evaluate an investment. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses,
difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with the formation of a new business, the development of
new strategy and the competitive environment in which the Company will operate. It is possible that the Company will incur losses in
the future. There is no guarantee that the Company will be profitable. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The
OTC Markets Group identified our common stock with a caveat emptor. 

Prior
to April 28, 2016, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace. On April 28, 2016, the SEC suspended the trading of our Common
Stock due to irregular market activity. It is management s belief that such activity was spawned by news of a public figure investing
into the Company. The trading suspension ended on May 11, 2016, but a broker must also file a Form 15c2-11 with FINRA that must be approved
before our Common Stock can be eligible to resume quotation on the OTC Pink Marketplace or OTCQB Marketplace. As of the date hereof,
no broker has filed a Form 15c2-11 and as a result, our common stock quotes on the OTC Grey Market. 

On
March 31, 2016, the OTC Markets Group identified our securities with a caveat emptor symbol due to trading activity that caused our stock
price to rise from a low of 10.10 on March 24, 2016, to a high of 42.38 on March 31, 2016.The caveat emptor symbol is intended to inform
investors that there may be reason to exercise additional care and perform thorough due diligence in making investment decisions in an
issuer. 

Once
we regain a current status with our filing obligations, which we anticipate occurring in the fourth quarter of 2021, management intends
for a licensed broker to file a Form 15c2-11 application in order to remove the caveat emptor symbol. Should the OTC Markets Group refuse
to remove the caveat emptor symbol, our common stock may never be able to transition from the OTC Grey Market, the trading price of our
common stock could suffer, the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our stock price may be subject to increased
volatility, making it difficult or impossible for you to resell shares of our common stock. 

24 

Due
to our connection to the cannabis industry, there can be no assurance that our shares of common stock will ever be approved for listing
on a national securities exchange. 

Currently,
shares of our common stock are traded on the OTC Grey Market and are not listed on any national securities exchange, such as the New
York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market. Even if we desire to have our shares listed on a national securities exchange, the fact
that our business is associated with the use of cannabis, the legal status of which is uncertain in some states and at the federal level,
may make any efforts to become listed on a securities exchange more problematic as we believe national exchanges may be reluctant to
list shares of companies whose business is associated with the recreational use of cannabis. While we plan to work with NASDAQ or other
exchanges in an attempt to change their views of responsible cannabis related businesses, there can be no assurance that our common stock
will ever be listed on NASDAQ or any other national securities exchange. As a result, our common stock may never develop an active trading
market which may limit our investors ability to liquidate their investments or cause our stock price to be particularly volatile. 

Our
stock may be traded infrequently and in low volumes, so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you
need to sell your shares. 

Until
our common stock is listed on a national securities exchange, our common stock may only trade on one of the OTC Markets (if we are successful
in applying to trade on such marketplaces) or on the OTC Grey Market. In those markets, however, the shares of our common stock may trade
infrequently and in low volumes, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or near bid prices at
any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. An investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market
value of our common stock or to sell his or her shares at or near bid prices or at all. In addition, if we fail to meet the criteria
set forth in SEC reporting regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers from recommending
or selling our common stock, which may further affect the liquidity of our common stock. This would also make it more difficult for us
to raise capital. 

There
currently is no active public market for our common stock and there can be no assurance that an active public market will ever develop.
Failure to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible
for you to sell your shares. 

There
is currently no active public market for shares of our common stock, and one may never develop. Our common stock is currently traded
on the OTC Grey Market. The OTC Grey Market is a thinly traded market and lacks the liquidity of certain other public markets with which
some investors may have more experience. We may not ever be able to satisfy the requirements to be quoted on the OTC Markets or satisfy
the listing requirements to be listed on a national securities exchange, which are often more widely traded and liquid markets. Some,
but not all, of the factors which may delay or prevent the quotation or listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded and liquid
market include the following: our stockholders equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities may
be too low; our net income from operations may be too low; our common stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able to
secure market makers for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by the several exchanges and markets
to have our common stock listed. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of the national exchanges or OTC Markets, or
our common stock is otherwise rejected for listing or quotation, and remains traded on the OTC Grey Market, the trading price of our
common stock could suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid, and our common stock price may be subject to
increased volatility, making it difficult or impossible to sell shares of our common stock. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not plan on making any cash distributions in the manner of a
dividend or otherwise. Our Board of Directors presently intends to follow a policy of retaining earnings, if any. 

25 

Investors
may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock
or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock. 

In
the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests
of our present stockholders. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 500,000,000 shares of common stock and 20,000,000 shares of blank
check preferred stock. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable
for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital
raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock may create downward
pressure on the trading price of the common stock. We will need to raise additional capital in the near future to meet our working capital
needs, and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities
in the future in conjunction with these capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise or conversion prices) below the price
an investor paid for stock. 

Being
a public company is expensive and administratively burdensome. 

As
a company whose common stock is registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), we are fully subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws,
rules and regulations related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Complying with these laws and regulations requires
the time and attention of our Board of Directors and management and increases our expenses. 

Among
other things, we are required to: 

maintain
 and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

maintain
 policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures; 

prepare and
 distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws; 

institute
 a more comprehensive compliance function, including corporate governance; and 

involve,
 to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities. 

The
costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited
reports to stockholders are expensive and much greater than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations
may require us to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase
in regulatory, legal and accounting expenses and the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply
with the applicable regulations in a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to
obtain director and officer liability insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain this coverage. 

Our
common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which
makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person s
account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction,
setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

26 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the
risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination;
and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our common stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including upon the expiration of any lockup periods
or the statutory holding period under Rule 144, or issued upon the conversion of preferred stock, it could create a circumstance commonly
referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence
of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

An
investment in our securities is speculative and there can be no assurance of any return on any such investment. 

An
investment in our securities is speculative and there is no assurance that investors will obtain any return on their investment. Investors
will be subject to substantial risks involved in an investment in our Company, including the risk of losing their entire investment. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District
Court of Clark County, Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which
could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or
employees. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District
Court of Clark County, Nevada will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting
a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes, our Articles of
Incorporation or our bylaws. This choice of forum provision does not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent
jurisdiction for any actions brought under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our exclusive forum provision will not
relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will
not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to these provisions. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of
its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors,
officers and other employees. 

If
a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Articles of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in
an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result
in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 

27 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
headquarters are located in Los Angeles, California, where Pineapple Ventures, Inc. leases office space on our behalf of approximately
2,300 sq ft pursuant to a new two-year lease effective July 29, 2020, at a monthly lease amount of approximately 9,000. The above property
was leased by Pineapple Inc. since May 2016 up to June 2020. We have been at this location for four years. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In
the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various claims and litigation. While the outcome of any litigation is inherently
unpredictable, the Company believes that it has valid defenses with respect to the legal matters pending against it and that the ultimate
resolution of these matters will not have a materially adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
The following is a list of current litigation: 

Salem,
et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565 , filed July 13, 2018. This matter
arises from a certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated February 12, 2016. Claimants sought forfeiture of certain
IP rights, more specifically, Registered Mark THC standard character mark (U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 1954405 registered on
February 6, 1996) and Domain Name www.thc.com, together with proceeds Respondents have received from any royalty or licensing payments
relating to the IP rights from the date of Forfeiture, as well as costs for reasonable attorneys fees. Arbitration was conducted
on July 17-19, 2019. The arbitrator issued a final award for transfer of the IP rights and the exercise of a put option in or about December
23, 2019, in favor of Claimants. Claimants/Plaintiffs then filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award and Respondents/Defendants filed
a Petition to Vacate Arbitration Award in the matter entitled, Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. v. Salem, et al., bearing Los Angeles
Superior Court Case Number SC129690. Both Petitions were heard on October 8, 2020, and Claimants/Plaintiffs Petition to Confirm
Arbitration Award was granted. The Company filed a Notice of Appeal on the same date, which is currently pending briefing schedule. On
April 8, 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company dismissed the appeal.
The Company represented that it has relinquished any claim, title and/or interest with respect to the IP, that it has not assigned any
such claim, title, rights and/or interest with respect to the IP, and that it has not encumbered the IP. The Company settled the arbitration
award for 100,000. The Company reported the settlement in accounts payable as of December 31, 2020. Salem agreed to cancel an aggregate
of 1,829,631 shares of the Company s common stock, retaining 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Based on the settlement
agreement, the Company derecognized the 1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the 1,000,000 stock subscription receivable
as of December 31, 2020. 

Pineapple
Express v. Ramsey Salem. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1220063897 , filed October 30, 2019. This matter arises from
claims of breach of contract, more specifically the confidentiality provisions of certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
dated February 12, 2016, entered into between the parties and arising from the disclosure of the interim arbitration award in the matter
entitled and above-referenced as: Salem, et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565 ,
 filed July 13, 2018, by Respondent. The matter is presently pending before JAMS and set for arbitration to be conducted on March
22, 2021, but the matter was continued as the parties executed a settlement agreement resolving all claims on a global basis. On April
8, 2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company withdraw the second arbitration. 

28 

Hawkeye
v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number Case Number: BC708868, filed June 6, 2018. Plaintiff
claims damages against Defendant in excess of 900,000 arising from a series of successive amended and revised revenue sharing agreements
pertaining to rental income from certain leasehold for premises more commonly known as 65421 San Jacinto Lane, Desert Hot Springs, CA
92240 which management asserts was not the fault of the Company. Nor are Defendants contracting parties to the lease agreement or original
revenue sharing agreement for which consideration was paid. The Company denied all allegations of claims asserted in the Complaint. Notwithstanding,
the parties settled the matter pursuant to a confidential settlement agreement on or about January 3, 2020. However, the matter was reduced
to an entry of judgment by the court on or about February 21, 2020, for the amount of 615,000, which monies remain due and outstanding
as of December 31, 2020. The Company reported the settlement agreement in settlement payable as of December 31, 2020. As of the date
of the filing of this Annual Report, the parties are cooperating to resolve this matter pursuant to the terms of the agreed upon settlement. 

Sharper,
Inc. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al., Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 18SMCV00149, filed November 1, 2018. Complaint
for money with an amount in controversy of 32,500. The matter arises from certain claim for goods and services rendered beyond the contract
claim which is wholly disputed. The court case matter was stayed on February 11, 2019, pending the outcome of Arbitration. The matter
was arbitrated, and the arbitrator issued a final award in favor Petitioner in or about September 4, 2019, for the principal amount of
 15,375. The award was reduced to an entry of judgment in the total amount of 18,692 on or about February 27, 2020, against the Company
without specificity as to the judgment debtor s state of incorporation, and Pineapple Express Consulting Inc., which remains due
and outstanding. The accrual in the Company s contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2020, and 2019, is 18,692. 

Cunningham
v. Pineapple Express, Inc, Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: BS171779, Judgment, ordered by the Department of Industrial
Relations, Labor Commissioner s Office was entered by the Court on December 11, 2017. The amount of judgment entered was 47,674.
Enforcement on the Judgment is continuing. Finnegan Diba was retained to defend enforcement proceedings and substituted out of
the matter in March 2019. This claim was accrued for in the Company s contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2020. 

Pineapple
Express, Inc. v. Cunningham Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: SC 127731 was filed June 21, 2017. This action arose from
certain complaint and cross-complaint which were both dismissed. Defendant Cunningham pursued a cost judgment against Plaintiff and obtained
a judgment in the amount of 2,367, which remains outstanding to date and since January 22, 2018. This amount has been accrued for in
the Company s contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2020. Enforcement proceedings have ensued and said judgment remains outstanding
to date. Finnegan Diba was not the counsel of record when judgment was entered and only addressed enforcement proceedings until
such time it was substituted out as counsel of record in or about June 14, 2019. 

The
Hit Channel v. Pineapple Express, Inc. Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 19STCV09006, filed in or about March 14, 2019.
This action arose from certain complaint and cross-complaint arising from certain licensing agreement entered into between the parties
for the commercial exploitation of the URL and Domain Name THC.com. The matter has since resolved pursuant to the confidential settlement
agreement entered into by and between the parties, the licensing agreement has been deemed terminated, and the matter has been dismissed
with prejudice by order of the court on February 14, 2020. The Hit Channel was awarded 40,000 and 555,275 shares of the Company s
restricted stock as settlement, for which the Company has accrued 40,000 in contingent liabilities and 444,220 in stock subscriptions
payable as of December 31, 2019. This settlement shares were issued and the 40,000 was paid in February 2020. The Company also received
 the website, www.THCExpress.com , from The Hit Channel as part of the Settlement Agreement. 

StoryCorp
Consulting, dba Wells Compliance Group v. Pineapple Express, Inc . JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210037058 , filed
December 18, 2019. This matter arises from dispute over certain services agreement entered into between the parties in or about January
31, 2019. In 2020, the parties agreed on a settlement amount of 15,000. The parties self-represented in arbitration and a final arbitration
award was issued in the amount 23,805 on or about October 27, 2020, against the Company. Claimant has since filed a Petition to Confirm
Arbitration Award against Pineapple Express, Inc. a California Corporation, with the Los Angeles Superior Court bearing Case Number 20STCP04003,
set for hearing on April 12, 2021. On information and belief, Pineapple Express Inc., a California Corporation, is not affiliated with
Pineapple Inc., a Nevada Corporation, formerly known as Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. Nonetheless, the parties are
cooperating to resolve this matter in advance of hearing. 

29 

Russ
Schamun v. Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc . This is a claim for 7,500 filed by an independent contractor. There
was a hearing date on August 23, 2019, and judgment was awarded to Russ Schamun. Management intends for the creditor to be satisfied
once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The 7,500 has been accrued for as of December 31, 2020, in the Company s
contingent liabilities. 

SRFF
v. Pineapple Express, Inc . This matter resulted in a stipulated judgment whereas former SEC counsel claimed approximately
 60,000 in legal work that was not paid for. The Company claimed that the work being charged for (a registration statement to be filed
with the SEC) was not completed. Regardless of this fact, the Company signed a payment plan and confession of judgment if the plan was
not honored. The result was a judgment entered in favor of SRFF because of the confession. Management intends for the creditor will be
satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The settlement amount has been accrued for in the Company s
accounts payable and accrued liabilities balance at December 31, 2020. 

Novinger
v. Pineapple Express, Inc. Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 20CHLC10510, filed in or about March 11, 2020. This is a limited
jurisdiction action arising from a claim for monies lent to the Company without specificity as to the judgment debtor s state of
incorporation, for the total of 30,851. On September 23, 2020, a default judgment was entered against Pineapple Express, Inc. The parties
are working to resolve the matter or alternatively vacate and set aside the default judgment entered unbeknownst to Defendant. The settlement
amount of 30,851 has been accrued for in notes payable, related party as of December 31, 2020 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

30 

PART
II. 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information and Holders 

Our
common stock trades on the OTC Grey Market under the ticker symbol PNPL . As of December 31, 2020, there were 323 holders
of record of our common stock. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices of our
common stock: 

2019 
 
 High 

Low 

Quarter ended December 31 

1.96 

0.11 

Quarter ended September 30 

0.55 

0.26 

Quarter ended June 30 

1.00 

0.50 

Quarter ended March 31 

1.50 

0.40 

2020 
 
 High 

Low 

Quarter ended December 31 

1.00 

0.11 

Quarter ended September 30 

0.80 

0.05 

Quarter ended June 30 

0.70 

0.08 

Quarter ended March 31 

0.70 

0.05 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying, any cash dividends on our common stock. Instead, we currently
anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, to fund the operation and expansion of our business and to use as
working capital and for other general corporate purposes. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if
any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition,
operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our Board of Directors may deem
relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Other
than as set forth below and as reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K, there have been no
other sales or issuances of unregistered securities since April 1, 2017, that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ). 

Issuance
of Shares 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of its common stock in exchange for a 50 
(later reduced to 45.17 equity method investment in PVI valued at 5,500,000 and we issued 1,080,275 shares of its common stock related
to settlements of debt and payables with a value of 560,220. The Company issued 490,000 shares for services with a value of 80,800. 

The
Company believes the offers, sales and issuances of the securities described above were exempt from registration under the Securities
Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D under the Securities Act as transactions
by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired the securities for
investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. Each of the recipients of securities
in these transactions was an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act and had adequate
access, through employment, business or other relationships, to information about us. The sales of these securities were made without
any general solicitation or advertising. 

31 

Issuances
of Shares to Employees, Directors, Advisors and Consultants 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 490,000 shares of our common stock to our employees, directors, advisors
and/or consultants. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, we issued an aggregate of 535,000 shares of our common stock to our employees, directors, advisors
and/or consultants. 

We
believe the offers, sales and issuances of the securities described above were exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance
on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D under the Securities Act, and/or Rule 701 promulgated
under the Securities Act as offers and sales of securities under contracts relating to compensation in compliance with Rule 701. Each
of the recipients of securities in any transaction exempt from registration either received or had adequate access, through employment,
business or other relationships, to information about us. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Choice
of Forum Provision in Articles of Incorporation 

Our
Articles of Incorporation provide that, unless we consent in writing to he selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District
Court of Clark County, Nevada is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings: (a) any derivative action or
proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing
by, any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, creditors
or other constituents, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS or these Articles of Incorporation
or the Bylaws, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of these Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws
or (e) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to said Eighth Judicial District
Court of Clark County, Nevada having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein; provided that,
if and only if the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction,
such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Nevada. 

Despite
the fact that the Articles of Incorporation provide for this exclusive forum provision to be applicable to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, Section 27 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder and Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), creates concurrent jurisdiction
for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As a result, this provision of the Company s Articles of Incorporation would not apply to claims brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to
these provisions. Our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder, and our shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

32 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section contains not only statements that
are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and
risky. These risks and uncertainties include international, national, and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to
sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction;
existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition;
the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy
or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology;
the risk of foreign currency exchange rate; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC. 

Although
the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based
on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements.
You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report as we attempt to advise interested parties
of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. We do not undertake
any obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise. 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and the related notes, and other financial information included in this Annual Report. 

The
independent registered public accounting firms reports on the Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2020, and
2019, and for the years then ended, includes a going concern explanatory paragraph that describes substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Introduction 

The
Company has spent the last several years recasting the direction of the Company. We intend to take advantage of the opportunities that
have been identified in the cannabis sectors. The market opportunities that are opened to a cannabis company include PVI s involvement
with cannabis delivery, retail, manufacturing, and cultivation. Our main focus has been to receive 45.17 of all net income (loss) generated
by PVI from its business ventures, as well as selling the Top Shelf System to cannabis dispensaries. 

Our
Business 

The
Company was originally formed in the state of Nevada under the name Global Resources, Ltd. on August 3, 1983. It changed its name to
 Helixphere Technologies Inc. on April 12, 1999, and to New China Global Inc. on October 2, 2013. It reincorporated
in Wyoming on October 30, 2013, and changed its name to Globestar Industries on July 15, 2014. On August 24, 2015, the
Company entered into a share exchange agreement with Better Business Consultants, Inc. BBC dba MJ Business Consultants ),
a corporation formed in California on January 29, 2015, all of BBC s shareholders, and the Company s majority shareholder
at that time (the BBC Share Exchange ). Pursuant to the BBC Share Exchange, BBC became a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. Upon consummation of the BBC Share Exchange, the Company ceased its prior business of providing educational services and continued
the business of BBC as its sole line of business. BBC has three wholly owned subsidiaries, Pineapple Express One LLC, a California limited
liability company, Pineapple Express Two LLC, a California limited liability company, and Pineapple Properties Investments, LLC, a Washington
limited liability company. Better Business Consultants, Inc. has since been sold by the Company. On September 3, 2015, the Company changed
its name to Pineapple Express, Inc. from Globestar Industries. 

33 

ln
addition to having stakes in the foregoing business ventures, the Company was also assigned a patent for the proprietary Top Shelf Safe
Display System SDS for use in permitted cannabis dispensaries and delivery vehicles across the United States and internationally
(where permitted by law), on July 20th, 2016 by Sky Island, Inc. (the SDS Patent via a Patent Assignment Agreement (the
 Patent Assignment Agreement ). The SDS Patent was originally applied for and filed on August 11, 2015, by Sky Island, Inc.
and received its notice of allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office on March 22, 2017. It is anticipated that the
Top-Shelf SDS product shall retail for 30,000 per unit. Pineapple intends to sell the Top-Shelf SDS units to PVI for use in retail storefronts
and delivery vehicles as well as to sell the Top Shelf SDS technology to other cannabis retail companies. The Company anticipated beginning
sales of the Top Shelf SDS system in the second quarter of 2021. 

In
2019 the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement, as amended (the PVI Agreement ), with Pineapple Ventures, Inc. PVI and PVI s stockholders. In connection with the PVI Agreement, the Company acquired a total of 50,000 shares
of PVI s outstanding capital stock, equaling 50 of the outstanding shares of PVI. The Company s ownership interest in PVI
was reduced to approximately 45 in January 2020. As a result of the investment in PVI, the Company entered the cannabis cultivation,
production and distribution sector throughout California. PVI has several leased properties that are currently being developed to provide
these cannabis-related services. 

During
2019, PVI took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, LLC Nordhoff ), a related party, in which
Nordhoff subleased 38,875 square feet in a building to three 15 owned entities by PVI; however, the contemplated project never matriculated
and the planned contribution of Nordhoff to PVI was nullified. In June and July of 2020 PVI sold its 15 investments in three entities,
including the cannabis licenses associated with them for 2.87 million to support its operations and assigned its three 15 owned entities 
subleases with Nordhoff to the buyer as part of the sale. PVI received 15 of the proceeds of the sale of the entities and their cannabis
licenses. 

Pursuant
to an Agreement and Plan of Merger Merger Agreement ), dated as of April 6, 2020, by and between, Pineapple Express, Inc.,
a Wyoming corporation Pineapple Express ), and Pineapple, Inc., a Nevada corporation Pineapple and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pineapple Express, effective as of April 15, 2020 (the Effective Date ), Pineapple Express merged with and
into Pineapple, with Pineapple being the surviving entity (the Reincorporation Merger ). The Reincorporation Merger was
consummated to complete Pineapple Express reincorporation from the State of Wyoming to the State of Nevada. The Merger Agreement,
the Reincorporation Merger, the Name Change (as defined below) and the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Pineapple were duly approved
by the written consent of shareholders of Pineapple Express owning at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Pineapple Express 
common stock. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company s corporate name changed from Pineapple Express, Inc. 
to Pineapple, Inc. 

The
Company is based in Los Angeles, California. Through the Company s operating subsidiary Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. PEC ),
as well as its PVI portfolio asset, the Company provides capital to its canna-business clientele, leases properties to those canna-businesses,
takes equity positions and manages those operations, and provides consulting and technology to develop, enhance, or expand existing and
newly formed infrastructures. Pineapple aims to become the leading portfolio management company in the U.S. cannabis sector. The Company s
executive team blends enterprise-level corporate expertise with a combined three decades of experience operating in the tightly regulated
cannabis industry. Pineapple s strategic asset integration has provided it with the infrastructure to support its subsidiaries
with cost-effective access to all segments of the vertical: from cultivation and processing, to distribution, retail and delivery. With
its headquarters in Los Angeles, CA, Pineapple s portfolio company, PVI, is rapidly increasing its footprint throughout the state
and looking to scale into underdeveloped markets. While PVI is generating revenues from the above-mentioned means, PEC is currently still
in development and is currently not generating revenues. The Company receives monthly dividends equal to approximately 45 of PVI s
income that provide regular operating cash flows. 

34 

In
October 2020, PNPXPRESS, Inc. (an entity managed by PVI) secured three cannabis licenses, including consumer delivery and statewide distribution,
from the City of Los Angeles for a retail storefront location at the intersection of Hollywood Vine (1704 N. Vine Street). The
lease was signed in October 2020. This 3460 square foot dispensary will be called Pineapple Express and is scheduled to open by June
of 2021, pending inspections from the city. PVI has received 30 equity and will receive a management fee of 10 of sales of this entity. 

Impact
of COVID-19 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic, which continues to spread
throughout the United States. As a result, significant volatility has occurred in both the United States and International markets. While
the disruption is currently expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty around the duration. To date, the Company has experienced
declining revenues, difficulty staffing interpreters, difficulty meeting debt covenants, maintaining consistent service quality with
reduced revenue, and a loss of customers. Management expects this matter to continue to impact our business, results of operations, and
financial position, but the ultimate financial impact of the pandemic on the Company s business, results of operations, financial
position, liquidity or capital resources cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2020, as compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019 

Revenue 

Revenue
from operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, was 0, which represents a decrease of 15,000, or 100 from 15,000 during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease in revenue was related to generating 3 months of consulting revenue from PVI in
2019 with no such revenue generated in 2020. 

Operating
Loss from Continuing Operations 

Operating
loss from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, was 668,418, a decrease of 947,756, or 58.6 , from an
operating loss from continuing operations of 1,616,174 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. We noted that general and administrative
expenses were significantly higher for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020,
resulting in a decrease of the operating loss. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, were 661,557, a decrease of 960,988, or 59.2 , from 1,622,545
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. The most significant changes include a decrease in legal and professional fees of approximately
 576,000, a decrease in consultant fees by approximately 387,000, a decrease in rent expense by approximately 102,000, offset by an
increase in directors consulting fees by approximately 150,000. 

Depreciation 

Depreciation
expense for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019 was 6,861 and 8,629, respectively. The decrease comes from an asset
which became fully depreciated in 2020. 

Other
Income/Expense 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company has total other expense of 480,410, consisting of 53,821 in interest expense,
 388,099 in losses from the Company s equity method investment, 25,000 gain from debt settlement, and 63,490 of liquidated damages
on litigations settlement. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, the Company has total other income of 447,712, consisting of 631,360 of other income from
a mutual release agreement, net of 104,775 in losses on settlements of debt, 17,588 in interest expense and 61,285 in losses from
the Company s equity method investment. 

35 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, the Company recorded a net loss of 1,148,828 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to
a net loss of 1,168,462 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had a working capital deficit of 2,773,936, and 0 in cash. As of December 31, 2020, the Company s
current liabilities included 869,911 in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, 615,000 in settlement payable, 52,408 in accrued
interest payable, 857,175 in related party notes payable, 19,838 in other notes payable, 169,000 in advances on agreements and 100,048
in contingent liabilities. The Company has funded its operations since inception primarily through the issuance of its equity securities
in private placements to third parties and/or promissory notes to related parties for cash. The cash was used primarily for operating
activities, including cost of employees, management services, professional fees, consultants, and travel. Management expects that cash
from operating activities will not provide sufficient cash to fund normal operations, support debt service, or undertake certain investments
the Company anticipates prosecuting for its business proposition both in the near and intermediate terms. The Company will continue to
rely on financing provided under notes from related and third- party sources, as well as sale of shares of its common stock in private
placements, to fund its expected cash requirements. 

We
intend to continue raising additional capital through related party loans. Additionally, in 2021 the Company is planning to apply to
have its common stock quoted on the OTC Markets, at which point the Company plans to raise money through issuances of debt and/or equity
securities in private placements to accredited investors. There can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable
to us, if at all, or will be sufficient to enable us to fully complete our development activities or sustain operations. If we are unable
to raise sufficient additional funds, we will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead and operations,
or scale back our current business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no
assurance that such a plan will be successful. 

Our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going
concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.
As reflected in such consolidated financial statements, we had an accumulated stockholders deficit of 14,567,489, and had a net
loss of 1,148,828 and utilized net cash of 543,624 in operating activities as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. These factors
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firms
in their audit reports to our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, expressed substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern was raised due to our net losses and
negative cash flows from operations since inception and our expectation that these conditions may continue for the foreseeable future.
In addition, we will require additional financing to fund future operations. Our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the
amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Based
on our management s estimates and expectation to continue to receive short-term debt funding from a related party on as needed
basis, we believe that current funds on hand as of the date of issuance and proceeds of such loans will be sufficient for us to continue
operations beyond twelve months from the filing of this Form 10-K. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability
to execute our business strategy and in our ability to raise additional funds. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily
through the issuance of equity and/or debt securities for cash to operate our business; however, we can give no assurance that any future
financing will be available or, if at all, and if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we can obtain
additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution
for our stockholders, in the case of equity and/or convertible debt financing. 

36 

Cash
Flows Used In Operating Activities 

Operating
Activities 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we used 543,624 of cash in operating activities, primarily as a result of our net loss of 1,148,828,
offset by amortization of right-of-use asset of 40,775, 66,303 in stock-based compensation, depreciation expense of 6,861, and a loss
from the Company s equity method investment of 388,099. 

Operating
assets and liabilities increased by 138,457 primarily due to an increase in accrued interest payable of 53,117, an increase in due
to affiliates of 51,508, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 25,888. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, we used 353,867 of cash in operating activities, primarily as a result of our net loss of 1,168,462,
offset by amortization of right-of-use asset of 101,973, depreciation expense of 8,629, 631,360 in income from a debt mutual release
agreement, net of 104,775 in losses on settlement of debts, 293,900 in stock-based compensation, and a loss from the Company s
equity method of 61,285. 

Operating
assets and liabilities generated an increase in cash of 972,874, primarily due to an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
of 398,526, an increase of 447,320 in stock subscription receivable, an increase of 69,517 in contingent liabilities and an increase
of 39,148 in due to affiliate. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, we had no cash flows from investing activities. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we received 551,824 in cash from financing activities, primarily from the proceeds of related
party notes payable. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repaid 8,200 of related party notes payable. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, we received 353,867 in cash from financing activities, primarily from 387,367 in proceeds
from related party notes payable, offset by 30,000 repayment of advances on agreements and 1,000 repayment of related party notes payable. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company did not have any transactions, obligations or relationships that could be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the recoverability and useful lives of long-lived
assets, fair value of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, assessment of legal accruals, the fair value of our stock, stock-based
compensation and the valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

37 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
Company periodically issues restricted stock and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services
and for financing costs. The Company accounts for restricted stock and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative
guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB where the value of the award is measured on the date
of grant and recognized as stock-based compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. 

The
Company accounts for restricted stock and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance
of the FASB where the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which
a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete.
In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee, restricted stock and warrants grants
are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date. 

The
fair value of the Company s warrant grants, including the put obligation liability from the THC Merger, are estimated using the
Black-Scholes-Merton and Binomial Option Pricing models, which use certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected
volatility, expected life of the stock options or warrants, and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value
derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton and Binomial Option Pricing models and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the
Black-Scholes-Merton and Binomial Option Pricing models could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods. In light
of the very limited trading of our common stock, market value of the shares issued was determined based on the then most recent price
per share at which we sold common stock in a private placement during the periods then ended. As of the fiscal year ended December 31,
2020, and 2019, there were no outstanding warrants or options. 

Investments
 Equity Method 

The
Company accounts for equity method investments at cost, adjusted for the Company s share of the investee s earnings or losses,
which are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary
declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2020, the Company believes the carrying value of its equity method investments were
recoverable in all material respects. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

38 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

As
 of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, and 2019 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

39 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Pineapple,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pineapple, Inc. as of December 31, 2020, and the related statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Pineapple,
Inc. as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph - Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and net operating cash outflows
during the year ended December 31, 2020, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the entity s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Pineapple,
Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Pineapple, Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no
such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/
BF Borgers CPA PC 

 BF
Borgers CPA PC 

We
have served as Pineapple, Inc. auditor since 2021. 

Lakewood,
CO 

 October 4, 2021 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Pineapple,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Pineapple, Inc. as of December 31, 2019, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Pineapple, Inc. as of December
31, 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and net operating cash outflows that raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the entity s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Pineapple, Inc. in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Pineapple,
Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our
audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis
of a Matter 

As
discussed in Notes 1, 5 and 7 to the financial statements, the Company acquired an equity method investment from a related party and
entered into other significant transactions with related parties resulting in related party notes payable. The Company s financial
position and results of operations, as reflected in the accompanying financial statements, might be different if these transactions were
among wholly unrelated parties. 

/s/
Macias Gini O Connell LLP 

We
have served as Pineapple, Inc. auditor since 2021. 

Irvine,
CA 

 February
12, 2021 

F- 2 

Pineapple,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Stock
 subscription receivable 
 - 
 1,000,000 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 - 
 1,000,000 

Property and equipment (net of
 depreciation) 
 14,917 
 21,778 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use
 asset 
 - 
 40,775 

Other Assets: 

Equity method investment 
 9,488,616 
 10,938,715 
 
 Deposits 
 - 
 7,944 
 
 Total
 Other Assets 
 9,488,616 
 10,946,659 
 
 Total
 Assets 
 9,503,533 
 12,009,212 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities 
 869,911 
 871,528 
 
 Settlement payable related party 
 615,000 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest payable related
 party 
 45,637 
 305,411 
 
 Accrued interest payable other 
 6,771 
 6,771 
 
 Stock subscriptions payable 
 - 
 5,940,720 
 
 Operating lease liability 
 - 
 41,142 
 
 Due to affiliates 
 90,556 
 39,048 
 
 Notes payable, related party 
 857,175 
 2,139,753 
 
 Notes payable 
 19,838 
 19,838 
 
 Advances on agreements 
 169,000 
 784,000 
 
 Put option payable 
 - 
 1,000,000 
 
 Contingent
 liabilities 
 100,048 
 140,048 
 
 Total
 Current Liabilities 
 2,773,936 
 11,288,259 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 
 2,773,936 
 11,288,259 

Commitments and contingencies
 (note 13) 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, 0.0000001 par
 value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred
 stock, 0.0000001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, 0.0000001 par
 value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 88,461,200 and 76,890,925 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 8 
 7 
 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 21,297,078 
 14,139,607 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (14,567,489 
 (13,418,661 
 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 
 6,729,597 
 720,953 
 
 Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 9,503,533 
 12,009,212 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Pineapple,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 15,000 

Operating
 Expenses 

General and
 administrative 
 661,557 
 1,622,545 
 
 Depreciation 
 6,861 
 8,629 
 
 Total
 Operating Expenses 
 668,418 
 1,631,174 

Operating
 loss 
 (668,418 
 (1,616,174 

Other (Income)
 Expense 

Interest
 expense 
 53,821 
 17,588 
 
 Loss (gain)
 on settlement of debt 
 (25,000 
 104,775 
 
 Other expense
 (income) 
 63,490 
 (631,360 
 
 Loss
 from equity method investment 
 388,099 
 61,285 
 
 Total
 Other (Income) Expense 
 480,410 
 (447,712 

Loss from
 operations before taxes 
 (1,148,828 
 (1,168,462 

Provision
 for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Loss 
 (1,148,828 
 (1,168,462 

Net
 Loss Per Share Basic and Diluted 
 (0.02 
 (0.02 

Weighted
 Average Common Shares Basic and Diluted 
 64,731,914 
 73,948,733 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Pineapple,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2020, and 2019. 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in- 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 as of January 1, 2019 
 65,862,925 
 6 
 7,952,586 
 (12,250,199 
 (4,297,607 
 
 Common stock issued for prior
 year subscriptions 
 5,000 
 - 
 2,500 
 - 
 2,500 
 
 Common stock issued for compensation 
 535,000 
 - 
 295,500 
 - 
 295,500 
 
 Common stock issued for settlements
 of debt and payables 
 488,000 
 - 
 220,400 
 - 
 220,400 
 
 Gain on settlements of related
 party payables 
 - 
 - 
 156,251 
 - 
 156,251 
 
 Gain on settlement of related
 party note payable 
 - 
 - 
 14,871 
 - 
 14,871 
 
 Refund of additional paid-in-capital 
 - 
 - 
 (2,500 
 - 
 (2,500 
 
 Issuance of common shares for
 equity method investment 
 10,000,000 
 1 
 5,499,999 
 - 
 5,500,000 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,168,462 
 (1,168,452 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2019 
 76,890,925 
 7 
 14,139,607 
 (13,418,661 
 720,953 

Balance
 as of January 1, 2020 
 76,890,925 
 7 
 14,139,607 
 (13,418,661 
 720,953 
 
 Common stock issued for service 
 490,000 
 - 
 80,800 
 - 
 80,800 
 
 Common stock issued for settlement
 of debt and payables 
 1,080,275 
 - 
 1,546,223 
 - 
 1,546,223 
 
 Issuance of common shares for
 equity method investment 
 10,000,000 
 1 
 5,499,999 
 - 
 5,500,000 
 
 Settlement of debt with related
 party 
 - 
 - 
 30,449 
 - 
 30,449 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,148,828 
 (1,148,828 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 
 88,461,200 
 8 
 21,297,078 
 (14,567,489 
 6,729,597 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Pineapple,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Cash Flows
 from Operating Activities 

Net loss 
 (1,148,828 
 (1,168,462 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net
 loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 6,861 
 8,629 
 
 Non-cash settlement penalties 
 5,851 
 - 
 
 Amortization right-of-use asset 
 40,775 
 101,973 
 
 Repayment of lease obligations 
 (41,142 
 (101,606 
 
 Income from Mutual Release Agreement 
 - 
 (631,360 
 
 Loss from equity method investment 
 388,099 
 61,285 
 
 Loss on settlement of debt 
 - 
 104,775 
 
 Interest expense - debt settlements 
 - 
 4,125 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 66,303 
 293,900 
 
 Changes in operating assets and
 liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 - 
 5,000 
 
 Security deposit 
 7,944 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities 
 25,888 
 398,526 
 
 Accrued interest payable 
 53,117 
 13,463 
 
 Stock subscriptions payable 
 - 
 447,320 
 
 Due to affiliates 
 51,508 
 39,048 
 
 Contingent
 liabilities 
 - 
 69,517 
 
 Net cash
 used in operating activities 
 (543,624 
 (353,867 

Cash Flows
 from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from related party notes
 payable 
 551,824 
 387,367 
 
 Repayments of related party notes
 payable 
 (8,200 
 (1,000 
 
 Repayments of advances on agreements 
 - 
 (30,000 
 
 Refund
 of additional paid-in-capital 
 - 
 (2,500 
 
 Net cash
 provided by financing activities 
 543,624 
 353,867 

Net change in cash 
 - 
 - 

Cash,
 beginning of year 
 - 

Cash,
 end of year 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Pineapple,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Supplemental
 Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid
 for taxes: 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental
 Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Stock issued in exchange
 for equity method investment 
 - 
 11,000,000 
 
 Common stock issued for settlements 
 - 
 88,000 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities adjusted to related party notes payable 
 - 
 381,282 
 
 Gain on settlements of related
 party payables 
 - 
 156,251 
 
 Deferred revenue adjusted to
 related party note payable 
 - 
 150,000 
 
 Gain on settlement of related
 party note payable 
 2,944 
 14,871 
 
 Common stock issued for prior
 year subscriptions 
 - 
 57,500 
 
 Settlement of debt for intangible
 property 
 1,000,000 
 - 
 
 Equity method investment exchanged
 for forgiveness of related party note payable 
 1,062,000 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued from prior
 year settlements 
 440,200 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for prior
 year equity method investment 
 5,500,000 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for debt
 extinguishment 
 120,000 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use asset and lease
 liability from the adoption of ASU 2016-02 
 - 
 122,985 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Pineapple,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020, and 2019 

Note
1 Description of Business 

Pineapple,
Inc. Pineapple or the Company was originally formed in the state of Nevada under the name Global Resources,
Ltd. on August 3, 1983. On April 12, 1999, the Company changed its name to Helixphere Technologies Inc. . On September 19,
2013, the Company changed its name to New China Global Inc. . 

On
October 30, 2013, the Company filed its Articles of Continuance with the Secretary of State of Wyoming pursuant to which the Company
was re-domiciled from the State of Nevada to the State of Wyoming. On July 15, 2014, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of
Incorporation to change its name from New China Global Inc. to Globestar Industries . 

On
August 24, 2015, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the BBC Agreement with Better Business Consultants,
Inc. BBC ), a corporation incorporated under the laws of California on January 29, 2015, and Shane Oei, a majority shareholder
of the Company at the time. Pursuant to the terms of the BBC Agreement, BBC shareholders exchanged all of the issued and outstanding
capital of BBC for an aggregate of 50,000,000 newly and duly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of the Company.
Upon closing, BBC became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In addition, Mr. Oei and Gary Stockport, another former shareholder
of the Company at the time, cancelled 100,000,000 and 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, in connection
with the BBC Agreement. As the owners and management of BBC obtained voting and operating control of the Company after the share exchange
and Globestar Industries was non-operating, the transaction was accounted for as a recapitalization of BBC, accompanied by the exchange
of previously issued common stock for outstanding common stock of Globestar Industries, which was recorded at a nominal value. Upon consummation
of the BBC Agreement, the Company ceased its prior business of providing educational services and continued the business of BBC as its
sole line of business. BBC has three wholly owned subsidiaries, Pineapple Express One LLC, a California limited liability company, Pineapple
Express Two LLC, a California limited liability company, and Pineapple Properties Investments, LLC, a Washington limited liability company. 

On
September 3, 2015, the Company changed its name to Pineapple Express, Inc. from Globestar Industries. The
Company s name has no relation to the 2008 motion picture produced by Columbia Pictures. 

On
February 12, 2016, the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger to acquire all of the assets and assume several liabilities of THC
Industries, Inc., a California corporation THC Parent ), through a two-step merger (the THC Merger by and
among the Company, THC Parent, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary THC Industries, LLC, a California limited liability company THC ), and the Company s former wholly owned subsidiary THCMergerCo., Inc., a California corporation. In June 2016,
the Company began to anticipate significant difficulties in monetizing the value of the acquired intangible assets and recorded an impairment
of those assets. 

On
August 5, 2016, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement with THC Industries, Inc. because of late payments. This sparked a temporary
foreclosure of assets. On March 27, 2017, the Company entered into a Standstill and Waiver Agreement with THC Industries, Inc. because
of additional late payments. On June 22, 2017, the Company successfully completed the conditions of the Standstill and Waiver Agreement
signed between the parties on March 27, 2017. The Company made its payments and completed its conditions in full for the Forbearance
Agreement. The Company gained back control of the assets relative to the purchase transaction. 

ln
addition to having stakes in the foregoing business ventures, the Company was also assigned a patent for the proprietary Top Shelf Safe
Display System SDS for use in permitted cannabis dispensaries and delivery vehicles across the United States and internationally
(where permitted by law), on July 20th, 2016 by Sky Island, Inc. (the SDS Patent via a Patent Assignment Agreement (the
 Patent Assignment Agreement ). The SDS Patent was originally applied for and filed on August 11, 2015 by Sky Island, Inc.
and received its notice of allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office on March 22, 2017. It is anticipated that the
Top-Shelf SDS product shall retail for 30,000 per unit. Pineapple intends to sell the Top-Shelf SDS units to PVI for use in retail storefronts
and delivery vehicles as well as to sell the Top Shelf SDS technology to other cannabis retail companies. The Company anticipated beginning
sales of the Top Shelf SDS system in the third quarter of 2021. 

On
March 14, 2017, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement to sell BBC and its three wholly owned subsidiaries, Pineapple Express
One LLC, Pineapple Express Two LLC, and Pineapple Property Investments, LLC to a related party, Jaime Ortega, in exchange for Mr. Ortega
forgiving a debt of 10,000 owed to Sky Island, Inc, a related party of the Company owned by Mr. Ortega, so that Mr. Ortega can fund
and prosecute litigation claims and settle debts for the subsidiaries resulting from unconsummated parcel purchases which the Company
feels was purposely circumvented by third parties involved in those transactions. Mr. Ortega, as an interested party, took these steps
so the Company s claims can be addressed against the parties at fault without negatively impacting or distracting the Company.
The sale of BBC and its subsidiaries also included the transfer of liabilities owed by those entities. In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations , as this subsidiary was sold to an entity under common control
of the Company, the 841,511 in liabilities transferred, net of 10,000 in consideration received, has been recorded as an increase to
the Company s additional paid-in-capital equity account. On January 27, 2018, the Company completed the sale of BBC, Pineapple
Express One LLC, Pineapple Express Two LLC and Pineapple Property Investments, LLC to Mr. Ortega. 

F- 8 

On
April 7, 2017, Orr Builders, Prest-Vuksic Architects, Inc. and MSA Consulting, Inc. (all California corporations), as Plaintiffs, filed
a complaint upon the Company, including subsidiaries Pineapple Express One LLC, Better Business Consultants Inc., and MJ Business Consultants;
Clonenetics Laboratories Cooperative, Inc.; United Pentecostal Church; and Healing Nature, LLC; within the Superior Court of the State
of California for the County of Riverside, Case No. PSC 1700746 (hereinafter referred to as the Lead Case ), and a related
and consolidated Case No. PSC1702268, alleging, among other things: (i) breaches of contracts related to the DHS Project/Pineapple Park
in the amount of 1,250,000, (ii) foreclosure of mechanics lien, (iii) negligent misrepresentation, and (iii) unjust enrichment
(against United Pentecostal Church only). The Company was not a named defendant in this action. In 2019, the land (which was leased by
the Company and sold to a third party) and warehouse (which was being built for the Company, yet completed by the third party) at 65241
San Jacinto Lane in Desert Hot Springs, CA, were ordered sold by way of judgment and the plaintiffs were entitled to recovery. The Company
and its subsidiaries were dismissed from this action and will only be subject to a deficiency judgment, if any, when the property is
sold, fully releasing the Company from any further liability. 

On
March 16, 2017, the Company formed Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. PEC as a wholly-owned subsidiary. On August 3,
2017, a letter of intent LOI was entered into between PEC and Sky Island, Inc., whereby all the assets of Pineapple Park,
LLC, a California limited liability company controlled by Sky Island, Inc. holding lease deposits, were to be transferred through a related
party transfer to PEC. On December 1, 2017, the Pineapple Park project of warehouses that were to be leased out to clients was terminated.
Effective December 31, 2018, Pineapple Park, LLC pulled out of this project and signed a mutual release agreement for all lessees and
Pineapple Park, LLC to terminate each party s obligations and responsibilities under the leases and the parties relationship. 

On
March 19, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the PVI Agreement with Pineapple Ventures, Inc. PVI and the stockholders of PVI (the PVI Stockholders in which the Company acquired a total of 50 of the outstanding shares
of PVI, in consideration for 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may,
from time to time, be converted by the holder into shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.0000001 (the Common
Stock ), in an amount equal to ten shares of Common Stock for each one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The PVI Stockholders
elected to immediately convert the 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into 20,000,000 shares of common stock upon
issuance. As a result of the investment in PVI, the Company now has a portfolio asset with which it has entered the cannabis cultivation,
production and distribution sector throughout California. PVI has several leased properties that are currently being developed to provide
these cannabis-related services. PVI, through its affiliates, has obtained various cannabis-related licenses throughout California. 

On
January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega whereby in exchange for Mr. Ortega cancelling 1,062,000 of
existing loans extended to the Company by Jaime Ortega, Neu-Ventures, Inc., and Sky Island, Inc., the Company transferred to Mr. Ortega
10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI. Subsequently, on February 11, 2021, the parties entered into amended agreement pursuant to which
the original number of shares sold to Mr. Ortega was reduced from 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI to 4,827 shares of capital stock
of PVI. Accordingly, the Company currently owns 45,173 shares of capital stock of PVI. This amendment was entered into to correct the
original agreement and properly reflect the value of the Company s stock at the time of the initial agreement. As of December 31,
2020, and December 31, 2019, the Company has 45.17 and 50 ownership interest, respectively, in PVI. 

During
2019, PVI took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, LLC Nordhoff ), a related party, in which
Nordhoff subleased 38,875 square feet in a building to three 15 owned entities by PVI; however, the contemplated project never matriculated
and the planned contribution of Nordhoff to PVI was nullified. In June and July of 2020 PVI sold its 15 investments in three entities,
including the cannabis licenses associated with them, for 2.87 million to support its operations and assigned its three 15 owned entities 
subleases with Nordhoff to the buyer as part of the sale. PVI received 15 of the proceeds of the sale of the entities and their cannabis
licenses. 

Pursuant
to an Agreement and Plan of Merger Merger Agreement ), dated as of April 6, 2020, by and between, Pineapple Express, Inc.,
a Wyoming corporation Pineapple Express ), and Pineapple, Inc., a Nevada corporation Pineapple and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pineapple Express, effective as of April 15, 2020 (the Effective Date ), Pineapple Express merged with and
into Pineapple, with Pineapple being the surviving entity (the Reincorporation Merger ). The Reincorporation Merger was
consummated to complete Pineapple Express reincorporation from the State of Wyoming to the State of Nevada. The Merger Agreement,
the Reincorporation Merger, the Name Change (as defined below) and the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Pineapple were duly approved
by the written consent of shareholders of Pineapple Express owning at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Pineapple Express 
common stock, par value 0.0000001 per share (the PE Common Stock ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company s
corporate name changed from Pineapple Express, Inc. to Pineapple, Inc. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic, which continues to spread
throughout the United States. As a result, significant volatility has occurred in both the United States and international markets. While
the disruption is currently expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty around the duration. To date, the Company has experienced
declining revenues, difficulty meeting debt covenants, maintaining consistent service quality with reduced revenue, and a loss of access
to customers. Management expects this matter to continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial position, but the
ultimate financial impact of the pandemic on the Company s business, results of operations, financial position, liquidity or capital
resources cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

In
October 2020, PNPXPRESS, Inc. (an entity managed by PVI) secured three cannabis licenses, including consumer delivery and statewide distribution,
from the City of Los Angeles for a retail storefront location at the intersection of Hollywood Vine (1704 N. Vine Street). The
lease was signed in October 2020. This 3460 square foot dispensary will be called Pineapple Express and is scheduled to open by September
of 2021, pending inspections from the city. PVI has received 30 equity and will receive a management fee of 10 of sales of this entity. 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles accepted
in the United States of America GAAP and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Basis
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Pineapple, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, THC Industries, LLC and
Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc., doing business as Pineapple Express and Pineapple Park LLC. Intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated. 

F- 9 

The
Company s consolidated subsidiaries and/or entities were as follows: 

Name
 of Consolidated Subsidiary 
 or Entity 
 State
 or Other 
 Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or 
 Organization 
 Date
 of Incorporation or Formation (Date of 
 Acquisition, if Applicable) 
 Attributable 
 Interest 
 
 THC Industries, LLC 
 California 
 12/23/2015 (formed)
 2/16/2016 (acquired by us) 
 100 

Pineapple Park, LLC 
 California 
 6/27/2017 
 100 
 
 Pineapple Express Consulting,
 Inc. 
 California 
 3/16/2017 
 100 

Use
of Estimates in Financial Reporting 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the recoverability and useful lives of long-lived
assets, fair values of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, assessment of legal accruals, the fair value of the Company s
stock, stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company follows the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC for
disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. The FASB ASC establishes
a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The three
levels of fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level
 1 
 Quoted
 market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level
 2 
 Pricing
 inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
 reporting date. 

Level
 3 
 Pricing
 inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

Financial
assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar
techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The
carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
expenses, and other current liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The fair value
of notes payable approximates their fair values since the current interest rates and terms on these obligations are the same as prevailing
market rates. 

Cash 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash
equivalents are held in operating accounts at a major financial institution. Cash balances may exceed federally insured limits. Management
believes the financial risk associated with these balances is minimal and has not experienced any losses to date. As of December 31,
2020, and 2019, the Company had no cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits. 

F- 10 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment consist of furniture and fixtures and office equipment. They are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Expenditures for major renewals and
betterments that extend the useful lives of the property and equipment are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are
charged to expense as incurred. 

The
estimated useful lives of the classes of property and equipment are as follows: 

Office
 equipment 
 5
 years 

Furniture
 and fixtures 
 7
 years 

Investments
 Equity Method 

The
Company accounts for equity method investments at cost, adjusted for the Company s share of the investee s earnings or losses,
which are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary
declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2020, and 2019, the Company believes the carrying value of its equity method investments
were recoverable in all material respects. 

Deposits 

Deposits
consist of security deposits maintained with lessors for the Company s facility leases. 

Loss
Per Share 

Basic
loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution, using the treasury stock method, that could occur
if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common
stock that then shared in the loss of the Company. In computing diluted loss per share, the treasury stock method assumes that outstanding
options and warrants are exercised, and the proceeds are used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.
Options and warrants may have a dilutive effect under the treasury stock method only when the average market price of the common stock
during the period exceeds the exercise price of the options and warrants. 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had no options or warrants outstanding and no shares issuable for conversion of notes payable. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under
ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue when a customer obtains control of the promised goods or services. The amount of revenue that
is recorded reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services, net of any variable
consideration (e.g., rights to return product, sales incentives, others) and any taxes collected from customers and subsequently remitted
to governmental authorities. 

Our
service revenues arise from contracts with customers and include consulting related to the licensing, development, and compliance areas
of the cannabis business and operational dispensary management. The Company also provides marketing and branding consulting services.
We did not identify any costs incurred during the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, directly attributable to generating consulting
revenue and therefore have not categorized any costs as costs of sales. 

F- 11 

We
recognize revenue when the following criteria are met: 

The
parties to the contract have approved the contract and are committed to perform their respective obligations our customary
practice is to obtain written evidence, typically in the form of a contract or purchase order. 

Each
party s rights regarding the goods or services have been identified we have rights to payment when services are completed
in accordance with the underlying contract, or for the sale of goods when custody is transferred to our customers either upon shipment
to or receipt at our customers locations, with no right of return or further obligations. 

The
payment terms for the goods or services have been identified prices are typically fixed, and no price protections or variables
are offered. 

The
contract has commercial substance our practice is to only enter into contracts that will positively affect our future cash
flows. 

Collectability
is probable we often require a deposit for all or a portion of the goods or services to be delivered, as well as continually
monitoring and evaluating customers ability to pay. Payment terms are typically zero to fifteen days within delivery of the good
or service. 

Customer
deposits are contract liabilities with customers that represent our obligation to either transfer goods or services in the future, or
refund the amount received. Where possible, we obtain deposits to lessen our risk of non-payment by our customers. Customer deposits
are recognized as revenue as we perform under the contract. As of December 31, 2020, and 2019, the Company had a balance of unearned
revenue of 0, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, the Company did not have any customer deposits recognized
as unearned revenue. 

In
April 2019, as a result of the Company s investment in PVI, the licensing contract entered into with PVI in 2018 was terminated
and the 150,000 customer deposit received in 2018 from PVI was returned. Under the terms of the agreement the Company s obligations
under the lease agreements are terminated and both the unearned revenue of 160,680 and security deposits of 470,680 are retained by
the Company and have accordingly been recognized as other income during the year ended December 31, 2019. 

Changes
to unearned revenue during the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019 are summarized as follows: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Unearned revenue,
 beginning of year 
 - 
 310,680 
 
 Customer deposits received 
 - 
 - 
 
 Customer deposits returned 
 - 
 150,000 
 
 Other
 income recognized 
 - 
 160,680 
 
 Unearned
 revenue, end of year 
 - 
 - 

Advertising/Promotion 

The
Company s advertising/promotion costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising/promotion expense for the years ended December 31,
2020, and 2019, were 0 and 723, respectively. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
Company periodically issues restricted stock and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services
and for financing costs. The Company accounts for restricted stock and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative
guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB where the value of the award is measured on the date
of grant and recognized as stock-based compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. 

F- 12 

The
Company accounts for restricted stock and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance
of the FASB where the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which
a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete.
In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee, restricted stock and warrants grants
are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date. 

The
fair value of the Company s warrant grants, including the put obligation liability from the THC Merger, are estimated using the
Black-Scholes-Merton and Binomial Option Pricing models, which use certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected
volatility, expected life of the stock options or warrants, and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value
derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton and Binomial Option Pricing models and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the
Black-Scholes-Merton and Binomial Option Pricing models could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods. In light
of the very limited trading of our common stock, the market value of the shares issued was determined based on the then most recent price
per share at which we sold common stock in a private placement during the periods then ended. As of December 31, 2020, and 2019, there
were no outstanding warrants. 

Reclassification 

Certain
reclassifications have been made to prior year s data to confirm to the current year s presentation. Such reclassifications
had no impact on the Company s financial condition, operating results, cash flows or stockholders deficit. 

Recently
Adopted and Pending Accounting Pronouncements 

In
January 2017, the FASB has issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment. These amendments eliminate Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. The annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test
is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge should be recognized for
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed
the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. In addition, income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the
carrying amount of the reporting unit should be considered when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. The amendments
also eliminate the requirements for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment and,
if it fails that qualitative test, to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative
assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. The guidance is effective for public business
entities that are SEC filers for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill
impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. ASU 2017-04 should be adopted on a prospective basis. On January 1,
2020, the Company adopted this guidance, and determined that its adoption has not had a material impact on its financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), Disclosure Framework - Changes to the Disclosure Requirements
for Fair Value Measurement, which eliminates, adds and modifies certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements, including
eliminating the requirement to disclose the amount of and reasons for transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy,
and requiring the range and weighted average used to develop significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements. The
new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption, either of the entire standard or only the provisions that eliminate or modify requirements, is permitted. On January 1, 2020,
the Company adopted this guidance, and determined that its adoption has not had a material impact on its financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
 Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). The new ASU eliminates the beneficial conversion and cash conversion
accounting models for convertible instruments. It also amends the accounting for certain contracts in an entity s own equity that
are currently accounted for as derivatives because of specific settlement provisions. In addition, the new guidance modifies how particular
convertible instruments and certain contracts that may be settled in cash or shares impact the diluted EPS computation. The amendments
in the ASU are effective for public business entities that meet the definition of an SEC filer, excluding entities eligible to be smaller
reporting companies as defined by the SEC, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. 

Early
adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Board also specified that an entity should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of its annual fiscal year and is not permitted
to adopt the guidance in an interim period. The Company is still evaluating the effect the adoption will have on its financial statements. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, as part as part of
its overall simplification initiative to reduce costs and complexity of applying accounting standards while maintaining or improving
the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principle
of ASC 740 in order to reduce the cost and complexity of its application. ASU 2019-12 is effective for public business entities for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted
in any interim or annual period, with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company does
not believe adoption will have a material impact on its financial statements. 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s
present or future consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

Note
3 Going Concern 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which
contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected
in its consolidated financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit of 14,567,489 at December 31, 2020, and incurred a
net loss of 1,148,828 and utilized net cash of 543,624 in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company
has not generated significant revenues and has incurred net losses since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company s
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 13 

The
Company s primary source of operating funds since inception has been cash proceeds from the private placements of its common stock
and from issuance of its short-term on demand loans, primarily from related parties. The Company intends to raise additional capital
in the short term through addition of demand loans and, once the up listing to a higher exchange is completed, through private placements
to sell restricted shares of common stock to investors. There can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable
to the Company, or at all, or will be sufficient to enable the Company to fully complete its development activities or sustain operations.
During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company raised 551,824 in cash proceeds from the issuance of related party notes. 

If
the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables,
reduce overhead, scale back its current business plan or curtail operations until sufficient additional capital is raised to support
further operations. 

The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to execute its strategy and on its ability to raise
additional funds and/or to consummate a public offering. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance
of equity and/or debt securities for cash to operate the Company s business. No assurance can be given that any future financing
will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to it. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional
financing, it may contain undue restrictions on its operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for its
stockholders, in the case of equity and/or convertible debt financing. 

Note
4 Property and Equipment 

Property
and equipment as of December 31, 2020, and 2019 is summarized as follows: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 43,152 
 43,152 
 
 Office
 equipment 
 12,321 
 12,231 
 
 Subtotal 
 55,473 
 55,473 
 
 Less accumulated
 depreciation 
 (40,556 
 (33,695 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 14,917 
 21,778 

Depreciation
expense for fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019 was 6,861 and 8,629, respectively. 

Note
5 Equity Method Investment 

In
March 2019, the Company acquired a 50 investment in Pineapple Ventures, Inc. PVI in exchange for 2,000,000 shares of
the Company s Series A preferred stock, which, upon issuance, were immediately converted into 20,000,000 shares of common stock.
The investment has been accounted for under the equity method. In addition to having a direct investment, the Company also noted that
common ownership with PVI represents an additional variable interest. However, it was determined that the Company does not have the power
to direct the activities that most significantly impact PVI s economic performance, and therefore, the Company is not the primary
beneficiary of PVI and PVI has not been consolidated under the variable interest model. 

The
investment was recorded at cost, which was determined to be 11,000,000 based on a value of 0.55 per share of common stock. A total
of 10,000,000 shares of common stock were issued as of December 31, 2019. The remaining 10,000,000 shares were issued in January 2020,
and were recorded as a stock subscription payable at December 31, 2019. See Note 11. 

On
January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega whereby in exchange for Mr. Ortega cancelling 1,062,000 of
existing loans extended to the Company by Jaime Ortega, Neu-Ventures, Inc., and Sky Island, Inc., the Company sold to Mr. Ortega 10,000
shares of capital stock of PVI. Subsequently, on February 11, 2020, the parties entered into amended agreement pursuant to which the
original number of shares sold to Mr. Ortega were reduced from 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI to 4,827 shares of capital stock
of PVI. Accordingly, the Company currently owns 45,173 shares of capital stock of PVI. This amendment was entered into to properly reflect
the value of the Company s stock at the time of the initial agreement. 

F- 14 

The
following represents summarized financial information of PVI for the year ended December 31, 2020, and 2019: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Income
 statement 

Revenue 
 620,337 
 42,326 
 
 Cost of
 goods sold 
 2,565 
 1,618 
 
 Gross margin 
 617,772 
 40,708 
 
 Operating
 expenses 
 (1,471,271 
 (323,979 
 
 Net loss 
 (853,499 
 (283,271 

Balance
 sheet 

Current assets 
 77,402 
 69,905 
 
 Non-current assets 
 163,109 
 119,957 
 
 Current liabilities 
 1,280,251 
 483,418 
 
 Non-current liabilities 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of 388,099 for the year ended December 31, 2020, which has reduced the carrying value
of the investment as of December 31, 2020, to 9,488,616, based on its 45.17 equity investment. 

The
Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of 61,285 for the year ended December 31, 2019, which has reduced the carrying value
of the investment as of December 31, 2019, to 10,938,715, based on tis 50 equity investment. 

In
August 2019, PVI began advancing funds for payment of the Company s monthly office rent. Total advances for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2020, and 2019 were 22,470 and 42,856, respectively. 

Note
6 Leases. 

The
Company leases office space under an operating lease expiring in June 2020. The lease includes an option to extend for an additional
3-year term with rent adjusted to market rates. The Company does not anticipate exercising the option to extend. Upon adopting ASU 2016-02
on January 1, 2019, the Company recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability for 122,985 related to the remaining term of this
operating lease. As an implicit rate was not available for the lease, the Company has used its incremental borrowing rate as the discount
rate to measure the operating lease liability. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company
would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of the lease.
The Company has determined its incremental borrowing rate as of the inception of this lease to be twenty five percent (25 per year. 

In
accordance with ASC 842, Leases, the depreciation for the Company s operating lease right-of-use assets are recorded in periodic
lease expense within the Company s general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The periodic
lease expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020, and 2019 was 42,489 and 101,973, respectively. Total lease payments
for the year ended December 31, 2020, and 2019 were 42,856 and 101,606, respectively. Total amortization of the operating lease right-of-use
asset for the year ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, was 40,775 and 82,210, respectively. 

Upon
expiration of the lease term in June 2020, the Company s security deposit was applied towards the final rent payment and the lease
reverted to a month-to-month basis until PVI entered into a new lease for the property in August 2020. The Company has agreed to pay
a rent allocation to PVI of 1,000 per month. 

Note
7 Notes Payable, Related Party 

Notes
payable, related party, are comprised of the following as of December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019: 

Noteholder 
 Due 
 Interest
 
 Rate 
 Secured 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Sky Island, Inc. 
 Demand 
 0 
 No 
 8,015 
 1,757,124 
 
 Matt Feinstein 
 Demand 
 0 
 No 
 - 
 2,249 
 
 Eric Kennedy 
 Demand 
 0 
 No 
 30,000 
 30,000 
 
 Rob Novinger 
 Demand 
 0 
 No 
 30,851 
 25,000 
 
 Neu-Ventures,
 Inc. 
 Demand 
 0 
 No 
 788,309 
 325,280 
 
 Total 

857,175 
 2,139,753 

F- 15 

Sky
Island, Inc. 

Since
January 1, 2020, to December 31, 2020, the Company decreased the Sky Island promissory notes from a beginning balance of 1,757,124 to
a closing balance of 8,015. In January 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to reduce the outstanding loan by 1,062,000, first
applied to accrued interest of 312,891, in exchange for ownership in the Company s equity method investment. See Note 5. 

On
December 17, 2020, the Company entered into an Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement with PVI pursuant to which the Company sold all
of the Company s trade dress and trade names, logos, Internet addresses and domain names, trademarks and service marks and related
registrations and applications, including any intent to use applications, supplemental registrations and any renewals or extensions in
exchange for Mr. Jaime Ortega, waiving and cancelling 1,000,000 of the aggregate existing loans extended by Mr. Ortega to the Company.
This reduced the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2020, to 8,015. 

The
promissory note transactions were deemed a related party transaction because Jaime Ortega, Owner, Chief Operating Officer, and Director
of Sky Island, Inc., was a founding shareholder of the Company. Mr. Ortega has an aggregate ownership of 49.6 and 51.7 of the issued
and outstanding common stock of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 

Matt
Feinstein 

In
September 2016, the Company received a 50,000 loan from Matt Feinstein, a Company s director, related to the acquisition of a
company investment in 2016, which was then sold in 2017. This loan and any subsequent advances are due on demand and do not incur interest.
The Company received additional advances from Mr. Feinstein during the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019 of 696 and 3,416, respectively. 

During
2019, Mr. Feinstein agreed to reduce the note balance by 14,871, which has been recorded as a gain on settlement of related party debt
in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Matt Feinstein agreed to cancel
the remaining balance of 2,944, which was recorded in additional paid-in capital. The outstanding balance of Mr. Feinstein s loan
as of December 31, 2020, is 0. 

Eric
Kennedy 

In
May 2019, the Company agreed to a settlement with Eric Kennedy, a Company s director, related to deferred cash compensation that
had been accrued for in the Company s accounts payable and accrued liabilities to reduce the amount to 35,000, resulting in a
gain on settlement of related party payables of 36,000, which was recorded in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity.
Therefore, the 35,000 was reclassified to related party notes payable. 

The
note does not incur interest and was originally to be repaid through an initial 10,000 payment with monthly payments of 5,000 thereafter,
but the Company was only able to make one 5,000 payment, reducing the balance to 30,000 as of December 31, 2020. 

F- 16 

Rob
Novinger 

As
of December 31, 2018, Rob Novinger has been paid 10,000 against his note with an original balance of 30,000, leaving a balance of 20,000.
An additional 5,000 was added to the balance from a new advance received in 2019, leaving a balance of 25,000 at December 31, 2019.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company increased the balance by 5,851 to reflect the settlement payable owed to
Novinger, leaving a balance of 30,851 as of December 31, 2020. 

Neu-Ventures,
Inc. 

Beginning
in April 2019, the Company also began receiving advances from Neu-Ventures, Inc., another entity owned by our majority shareholder, Mr.
Ortega. These advances are due on demand and do not incur interest. 

Advances
from Neu-Ventures between April 2019 and December 2019 totaled 325,380. Advances from Neu-Ventures between January and December 2020
totaled 592,028, offset by common shares issued for debt extinguishment with a value of 120,000 and a 9,000 repayment. 

Accrued
interest Sky Island, Inc. 

Accrued
interest payable on the Sky Island promissory notes as of December 31, 2020, and 2019 was 45,637 and 305,411, respectively. Interest
expense of 53,821 and 17,588 was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively. There was no interest paid
on notes payable, related party, during the years ended December 31, 2020, or 2019. 

Note
8 Notes Payable 

The
Company, through our former subsidiary, BBC, entered into a 25,000 small business line of credit with Kabbage, Inc. on
July 2, 2016, for purposes of funding periodic capital needs. The original agreement provided for a term of six months but has been extended
month-to-month thereafter by mutual verbal consent of the parties. The total balance of that credit line as of December 31, 2020, and
2019 is 27,313, which includes principal of 19,838 and 7,475 of accrued interest from prior years. The balance has been guaranteed
by Matt Feinstein, a Company s director. The Company is currently in talks with a collection company to settle this debt and has
stopped accruing interest. 

Note
9 Settlement Payable 

At
December 31, 2020, and 2019, advances on agreements balance consist of the following: 

Noteholder 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Investor Three 
 615,000 
 615,000 
 
 Advances
 on Agreements 
 615,000 
 615,000 

Investor
Three 

In
December 2015, the Company entered into a Revenue Share Agreement for 750,000 that was recorded as advances on agreements 
liability. As per the Revenue Share Agreement, in the event that, for the period from February 5, 2016 through the three year anniversary
of the Effective Date, if Lessee fails to pay the Company any Fixed Minimum Rent, the Company shall be required to pay to Investor Three,
in full, Investor Three s share each month until the Company has paid Investor Three an aggregate of 825,000 under this Revenue
Share Agreement. Thereafter, the Company shall have no further obligations or responsibilities to Investor Three in connection with this
Revenue Share Agreement. Due to the above clause, by reason of defaults on the DHS Project (as defined elsewhere herein), an additional
penalty of 75,000 was incurred which was recorded as deferred finance cost. During the fiscal year 2018, the Company reduced 200,000
of principal by transferring land to Investor Three. During the fiscal year 2018, the Company also recorded a loss on settlement of debt
in the consolidated statements of operations increasing the balance by 97,800 to 615,000 at December 31, 2018, in accordance with a
settlement discussed in further detail in Note 12. This balance remains outstanding at December 31, 2020. The Company reclassified this
balance during the year ended December 31, 2020, from Advances on agreement to Settlement payable. 

Note
10 Advances on Agreements 

At
December 31, 2020, and 2019, advances on agreements balance consist of the following: 

Noteholder 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Investor One and
 Investor Two 
 169,000 
 169,000 

Advances
 on Agreements 
 169,000 
 169,000 

Investor
One 

On
February 16, 2016, the Company entered into a Binding Letter of Intent BLOI1 with Investor One that the Company deemed
a financing agreement for the purchase of a certain property (APN: 665-030-044), and upon completion of development of the acquired property,
subsequently a revenue share agreement that was for the following considerations: (i) payment by Investor One of 125,000, representing
one-half the purchase price of the property, (ii) the Company would have repurchased the financed property for 187,500 within one year
of the purchase, and (iii) rent payments of 3,750/month would have occurred during the referenced one year period. 

During
March 2016, the 125,000 in financing from Investor One, in addition to 40,768 from the Company, was deposited in Escrow No.: 7101604737-ST
with Chicago Title Company against the purchase of another property (APN: 665-030-043) that was the subject of additional funding by
a Investor Two, described below. 

Investor
Two 

On
March 18, 2016, the Company entered into a Binding Letter of Intent BLOI2 ), subsequently amended by a Real Property Purchase
and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions Subsequent Land Purchase Agreement dated March 21, 2016, both of which
the Company deemed a financing agreement for the purchase of a certain property (APN: 665-030-043) for the following considerations:
(i) payment by Investor Two of 350,000 of the 515,000 purchase price of the property, (ii) the Company would assign the existing escrow
amount of 165,768 to Investor Two, who would close the transaction and take title to the property, (iii) the Company would pay any taxes,
fees and other out-of-pocket expenses associated with the transaction, and (iv) the Company would have repurchased the property from
Investor Two for a price of 500,000 within ninety days of the closing of the transaction. 

On
March 22, 2016, Investor Two deposited 350,000 into the escrow account referenced above and the transaction closed with title conveyed
to Investor Two as required under BLOI2. Subsequent to closing, the Company defaulted under the BLOI2 and the Subsequent Land Purchase
Agreement as it did not reacquire the property in the required ninety days after closing. As a consequence, the Company forfeited the
 165,768 deposited into the Chicago Title Escrow account referenced above. 

F- 17 

Investment
Accounting Treatments for Investors One and Two 

The
escrow agreement closed and Investor Two took title to property. There is no provision in BLOI2, or in the Subsequent Land Purchase Agreement,
that would impose any continuing liability on the Company other than the loss of the Company s escrow deposit. 

As
no terms and conditions were established to characterize the 125,000 investment as a Note Payable, the Company has recorded a continuing
liability to Investor One in connection with BLOI1 having been recorded as a deferred liability. Contrary to the case with Investor Two,
the Company acknowledged the additional 62,500 liability provided for under BLOI1 and 187,500 was recorded as advances on agreements 
as a short-term deferred liability on the Company s books and records. Additionally, BLOI1 provided for a rent payment
of 3,750 for a period of twelve months after execution of BLOI1. 

In
February 2019, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Investor One which required the issuance of 20,000 shares of the
Company s common stock and established an additional principal sum for repayment of 200,000. The settlement includes installment
payments of 10,000 per month beginning on February 15, 2019 until the balance is repaid and ends the accrual of interest. Prior to entering
into the settlement agreement, the Company had recorded interest expense of 4,125, bringing the balance from 187,500 at December 31,
2018 to 191,625. The settlement agreement resulted in additional expense of 8,375. The Company made three 10,000 payments during the
year ended December 31, 2019, and also reduced the value by another 1,000 in connection with the 20,000 shares being valued at 11,000
instead of the 10,000 value initially discussed. There was no activity during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Note
11 Put Option Liability 

In
connection with the THC Merger, the Company granted the THC shareholders an option to require the Company to purchase from them up to
1,478,836 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 0.68 per share for the period commencing on the 24-month anniversary
of the closing of the THC Merger and ending on the 30-month anniversary of the closing of the THC Merger; provided, however, that they
may only exercise this option if the Company s stock price is below 0.88 and trading volume is below 50,000 a day for a 90-day
period. The accounting treatment requires that the Company records the fair value of the put option liability as of the inception date
and to fair value the put obligation liability as of each subsequent reporting date. 

The
fair value of the Company s put option payable from the THC Merger was estimated using the Binomial Pricing Model, which uses certain
assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the stock options, and future dividends. Accordingly,
the Company used three (3) comparable in the cannabis industry to determine a volatility range and elected to use our private placement
stock price of 0.50 at issuance at December 31, 2017. 

The
fair value as of the date of issuance of the described put obligation liability was determined using the Binomial Pricing Model, with
the following assumptions: 

(1) dividend yield of 
 0 
 
 (2) expected volatility of 
 150.00 
 
 (3) risk-free interest rate of 
 1.53 
 
 (4) expected life of 
 0.61
 years 
 
 (5) fair value of the Company s
 common stock of 
 0.50 

F- 18 

The
put option liability on the date of issuance of February 12, 2016, was determined to be 706,616 and was included in the purchase price
of the THC Merger. While the 30-month period expired prior to December 31, 2018, the Company is currently in arbitration related to an
attempted exercise of the put option, in which the exercise of the put option was upheld by the arbitrator. Based on the Company s
asserted defenses, the Company is appealing the award. 

The
Company has recorded a stock subscription receivable and a put option liability for the 1,000,000 exercise amount at December 31, 2019,
based on the pending award as discussed in Note 13. 

On
April 8, 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company dismissed the appeal.
The Company represented that it has relinquished any claim, title and/or interest with respect to the IP, that it has not assigned any
such claim, title, rights and/or interest with respect to the IP, and that it has not encumbered the IP. The Company settled the arbitration
award for 100,000. The Company reported the settlement in accounts payable as of December 31, 2020. Salem agreed to cancel an aggregate
of 1,829,631 shares of the Company s common stock, retaining 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Based on the settlement
agreement, the Company derecognized the 1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the 1,000,000 stock subscription receivable
as of December 31, 2020. 

Note
12 Stockholders Equity 

The
Company is authorized to issue 525,000,000 shares of capital stock, 0.0000001 par value per share, of which 5,000,000 shares are designated
as Series A Convertible Preferred stock, 20,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock and 500,000,000 shares are designated as
common stock. As of December 31, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, and 88,461,200 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, the Company issued 490,000 and 535,000 shares, respectively, for services valued at 80,800
and 295,500, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, the Company issued 555,275 and 488,000 shares of its common stock in exchange for debt settlements
valued at 440,220 and 220,400, respectively. The Company also paid a refund of additional paid-in-capital of 2,500 during the year
ended December 31, 2019. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 525,000 shares of common stock in exchange for 120,000 of related party note payable
extinguishment. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock in exchange for a 50 equity investment in PVI,
with another 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

The
Company has a stock subscriptions payable balance of 0 and 5,940,720 as of December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, respectively.
A total of 5,500,000 of the balance at December 31, 2019 represents 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued in exchange for the Company s
investment in PVI that were not issued until February 2020. An additional 444,220 of the balance at December 31, 2019, represents the
settlement of 555,275 shares payable to The Hit Channel discussed in Note 12, which were also issued during February 2020. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, the Company issued 0 and 57,500, respectively, of common stock related to prior year subscriptions. 

F- 19 

Note
13 Commitments and Contingencies 

From
time to time, the Company is party to certain legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course and are incidental to our business.
Future events or circumstances, currently unknown to management, will determine whether the resolution of pending or threatened litigation
or claims will ultimately have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity or results of operations in any future
reporting periods. The following is a list of current litigation: 

Salem,
et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. 

JAMS
Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565 was filed July 13, 2018. This matter arises from a certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and
Reorganization dated February 12, 2016. Claimants sought forfeiture of certain IP rights, more specifically, Registered Mark THC 
standard character mark (U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 1954405 registered on February 6, 1996) and Domain Name www.thc.com, together with proceeds
Respondents have received from any royalty or licensing payments relating to the IP rights from the date of Forfeiture, as well as costs
for reasonable attorneys fees. Arbitration was conducted on July 17-19, 2019. The arbitrator issued an award on December 23, 2019,
upholding the Claimants exercise of the put option as discussed in Note 10 and the transfer of the IP rights. Claimants/Plaintiffs
then filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award and Respondents/Defendants filed a Petition to Vacate Arbitration Award in the matter
entitled, Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. v. Salem, et al., bearing Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number SC129690. Both Petitions were
heard on October 8, 2020, and Claimants/Plaintiffs Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award was granted. Pineapple Express, Inc.
filed a Notice of Appeal on the same date, which is currently pending briefing schedule. Based on the pending award, the Company has
accrued the 1,000,000 put option exercise amount and recorded a 1,000,000 stock subscription receivable. On April 8, 2021, the parties
executed a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company dismissed the appeal. The Company represented that
it has relinquished any claim, title and/or interest with respect to the IP, that it has not assigned any such claim, title, rights and/or
interest with respect to the IP, and that it has not encumbered the IP. The Company settled the arbitration award for 100,000. The Company
reported such settlement amount in accounts payable as of December 31, 2020. Salem agreed to cancel an aggregate of 1,829,631 shares
of the Company s common stock, retaining 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Based on the settlement agreement,
the Company derecognized the 1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the 1,000,000 stock subscription receivable as of December
31, 2020. 

Pineapple
Express v. Ramsey Salem 

JAMS
Arbitration Reference Number: 1220063897 was filed December 4, 2019. This matter arises from claims of breach of contract, more specifically
the confidentiality provisions of certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated February 12, 2016, entered into between
the parties and arising from the disclosure of the interim arbitration award in the matter entitled and above-referenced as: Salem, et
al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565, filed July 13, 2018, by Respondent. On April 8,
2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company withdraw the second arbitration. 

Hawkeye
v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. 

Los
Angeles Superior Court Case Number: BC708868 was filed June 6, 2018. Plaintiff claimed damages against Defendant in the excess of 900,000
arising from a series of successive amended and revised revenue sharing agreements pertaining to rental income from certain leasehold
for premises more commonly known as 65421 San Jacinto Lane, Desert Hot Springs, CA 92240 which was not realized through no fault of Defendants,
nor are Defendants contracting parties to the lease agreement or original revenue sharing agreement for which consideration was paid.
Defendants deny all allegations of claims asserted in the Complaint. Notwithstanding, the parties settled the matter pursuant to a confidential
settlement agreement in or about January 3, 2020. However, the matter was reduced to an entry of judgment by the court in or about February
21, 2020, for the amount of 615,000, which monies remain due and outstanding and are accrued for in the Company s settlement payable
as of December 31, 2020, and 2019. The parties are cooperating to resolve this matter pursuant to the terms of the agreed upon settlement. 

Sharper,
Inc. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. 

Los
Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 18SMCV00149 was filed November 1, 2018. Complaint for money with an amount in controversy of 32,500.
The matter arises from certain claim for goods and services rendered beyond the contract claim which is wholly disputed. The court case
matter was stayed on February 11, 2019, pending the outcome of Arbitration. Finnegan Diba was substituted out of the matter on
June 14, 2019. The matter was arbitrated through other counsel and the arbitrator issued a final award in favor of Petitioner in or about
September 4, 2019, for the principal amount of 15,375, which has been accrued for in the Company s contingent liabilities as of
December 31, 2018. The award was transitioned to an entry of judgment in the total amount of 18,692 on or about February 27, 2020, against
Pineapple Express, Inc. without specificity as to the judgment debtor s state of incorporation, and Pineapple Express Consulting
Inc., which remains due and outstanding. The accrual in the Company s contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2020, and 2019,
is 18,692. 

Cunningham
v. Pineapple Express, Inc. 

Los
Angeles Superior Court Case Number: BS171779: Judgment, ordered by the Department of Industrial Relations, Labor Commissioner s
Office was entered by the Court on December 11, 2017. The amount of judgment entered was 47,674. Enforcement on the Judgment is continuing.
Finnegan Diba was retained to defend enforcement proceedings and substituted out of the matter in March 2019. This claim was accrued
for in the Company s contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2020, and 2019. 

F- 20 

Pineapple
Express, Inc. v. Cunningham 

Los
Angeles Superior Court Case Number: SC 127731 was filed June 21, 2017. This action arose from certain complaint and cross-complaint which
were both dismissed. Defendant Cunningham pursued a cost judgment against Plaintiff and obtained a judgment in the amount of 2,367,
which remains outstanding to date and since January 22, 2018. This amount has been accrued for in the Company s contingent liabilities
as of December 31, 2019. Enforcement proceedings have ensued and said judgment remains outstanding to date. Finnegan Diba was not
the counsel of record when judgment was entered and only addressed enforcement proceedings until such time it was substituted out as
counsel of record in or about June 14, 2019. 

The
Hit Channel, Inc. v. Pineapple Express, Inc. 

Los
Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 19STCV09006 was filed in or about March 14, 2019. This action arose from certain complaint and cross-complaint
arising from certain licensing agreement entered into between the parties for the commercial exploitation of the URL and Domain Name
THC.com. The matter has since resolved pursuant to the confidential settlement agreement entered into by and between the parties. The
licensing agreement has been deemed terminated, and the matter has been dismissed with prejudice by order of the court on February 14,
2020. The Hit Channel was awarded 40,000 and 555,275 shares of the Company s restricted stock as settlement, for which the Company
has accrued 40,000 in contingent liabilities and 444,220 in stock subscriptions payable as of December 31, 2019. This settlement shares
were issued and the 40,000 was paid in February 2020. The Company also received the website, www.THCExpress.com , from The Hit
Channel as part of the Settlement Agreement. 

StoryCorp
Consulting, dba Wells Compliance Group v. Pineapple Express, Inc. 

JAMS
Arbitration Reference Number: 1210037058 was filed December 18, 2019. This matter arises from dispute over certain services agreement
entered into between the parties in or about January 31, 2019. In 2020, the parties agreed on a settlement amount of 15,000. A final
award from arbitration also awarded arbitration fees to the claimant, increasing the award from 15,000 to 23,805, which the Company
has accrued in contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2019. Claimant has since filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award against
Pineapple Express, Inc. a California Corporation, with the Los Angeles Superior Court bearing Case Number 20STCP04003, set for hearing
on April 12, 2021. On information and belief, Pineapple Express Inc., a California Corporation, is not affiliated with Pineapple, Inc.,
a Nevada Corporation, formerly known as Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. Nonetheless, the parties are cooperating to resolve
this matter in advance of hearing. 

Russ
Schamun v. Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. 

This
is a small claims matter for 7,500 filed by an independent contractor. There was a hearing date on August 23, 2019, and judgment was
awarded to Russ Schamun. This creditor will be satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The 7,500 has been
accrued for as of December 31, 2020, and 2019 in the Company s contingent liabilities. 

Orr
Builders, et. al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc. 

This
action is the culmination of a multiplicity of actions and cross-actions arising from the claims to title relating to certain real property
more commonly known as 65241 San Jacinto Lane, Desert Hot Springs, California 92240-5014 and construction disputes for building projects
thereon. The Company and its subsidiaries were dismissed from this action and the property was subsequently sold, fully releasing the
Company from any further liability. 

F- 21 

SRFF
v. Pineapple Express, Inc. 

This
matter resulted in a stipulated judgment whereas former SEC counsel claimed approximately 60,000 in legal work that was not paid for.
The Company claimed that the work being charged for (a registration statement to be filed with the SEC) was not completed. Regardless
of this fact, the Company signed a payment plan and confession of judgment if the plan was not honored. The result was a judgment entered
in favor of SRFF because of the confession. This creditor will be satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment.
The settlement amount has been accrued for in the Company s accounts payable and accrued liabilities balance at December 31, 2020,
and 2019. 

Novinger
v. Pineapple Express, Inc. 

Los
Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 20CHLC10510 was filed in or about March 11, 2020. This is a limited jurisdiction action arising from
a claim for monies lent to Pineapple Express, Inc. without specificity as to the judgment debtor s state of incorporation, for
the total of 30,851, which is accrued for in the Company s related party notes payable. On September 23, 2020, a default judgment
was entered against the Company. The parties are working to resolve the matter or alternatively vacate and set aside the default judgment
entered unbeknownst to the Company. 

Note
14 Income Taxes 

The
Company utilizes FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for
the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their
financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are
expected to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely-than-not that a deferred tax
asset will not be realized. 

The
Company generated a deferred tax asset through net operating loss carryforwards. Based upon Management s evaluation, a valuation
allowance of 100 has been established due to the uncertainty of the Company s realization of the benefit derived from net operating
loss carryforwards. 

Deferred
income taxes arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes
in different periods. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are related to an asset or liability are classified as current
or noncurrent depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Company does not have any uncertain
tax positions as of December 31, 2020, and 2019. 

No
federal tax provision has been provided for the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, due to the losses incurred during such periods.
Reconciled below is the difference between the income tax rate computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate and the effective
tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019. 

The
reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate is as follows as of December 31, 2020, and 2019: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 U.S. federal statutory
 tax rate 
 21.0 
 21.0 
 
 State tax, net of federal tax
 benefit 
 6.6 
 6.9 
 
 Related party interest 
 (1.0 
 (0.3 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 (26.6 
 (27.6 
 
 Other 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 0.0 
 0.0 

The
principal components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows as of December 31, 2020, and 2019: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Net operating loss
 carryforwards 
 1,654,858 
 1,381,962 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 705,408 
 682,937 
 
 Accruals and reserves 
 1,494,837 
 1,501,833 
 
 Other 
 17,867 
 - 
 
 Fixed
 assets 
 2,185 
 2,185 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 3,875,155 
 3,568,918 
 
 Valuation
 allowance 
 (3,875,155 
 (3,568,918 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

F- 22 

At
December 31, 2020, and 2019, the Company has available net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of 6,209,054
and 5,233,856, respectively, and for state income tax purposes of 5,025,438 and 4,050,240, respectively, which expire beginning in
2036. 

For
U.S. purposes, the Company has not completed its evaluation of NOL utilization limitations under Internal Revenue Code IRC ),
Section 382, change of ownership rules. If the Company has had a change in ownership, the NOL s would be limited as to the amount
that could be utilized each year, based on the Code. 

For
U.S. purposes, the Company has not completed its evaluation of IRC Section 280E, Expenditures in connection with the illegal sale of
drugs. No deduction or credit shall be allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on any trade or business
if such trade or business (or the activities which comprise such trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances
(within the meaning of schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act) which are prohibited by Federal law or the law of any State
in which such trade or business is conducted. If IRC 280E applies to the Company, such expenditures would not be deductible or limited. 

Note
15 Subsequent Events 

In
April 2021, certain officers, directors, or greater than 5 shareholders Affiliates of the Company entered into a Lock-Up
Agreement (the Lock-Up Agreement ), including Matthew Feinstein, Shawn Credle, Anna Mikhaylova-Zadeh, Jaime Ortega, and
Gianmarco Rullo. Pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreement, the Affiliates agreed, among other things, not to offer, sell or pledge any Common
Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of 24 months, except as set forth in the Lock-Up Agreement. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2020, the Company issued 2,790,000 shares pursuant to a private placement for total amount of 279,000. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2020, the Company issued 350,000 shares to officers and directors for services at no consideration. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2020, Salem and Pineapple Express, Inc. executed a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company
dismissed the appeal. The Company represented that it has relinquished any claim, title and/or interest with respect to the IP, that
it has not assigned any such claim, title, rights and/or interest with respect to the IP, and that it has not encumbered the IP. The
Company settled the arbitration award for 100,000. Salem agreed to cancel an aggregate of 1,829,631 shares of the Company s common
stock. Based on the settlement agreement, the Company derecognized the 1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the 1,000,000
stock subscription receivable as of December 31, 2020. 

F- 23 

SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The
Company is a smaller reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company carried out an evaluation (the Evaluation ), under the supervision
and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded
that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2020, because of the material weaknesses
in internal control over financial reporting described in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers
and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated
financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The
Company s management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, the end of its fiscal year. The Company s management based its assessment on
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Management s assessment included evaluation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of key financial
reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and its overall control environment. 

40 

Based
on management s assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not
effective as of December 31, 2020, due to material weaknesses that existed in its internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The
following material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting continued to exist at December 31, 2020: 

The
 Company does not have written documentation of its internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal
 controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ); 

The
 Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to the
 Company s limited size and early-stage nature of operations, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible
 and may not be economically feasible; however, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and
 the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals; 

The
 Company does not have an audit committee of its board of directors; and 

Insufficient
 monitoring and review controls over the financial reporting closing process, including the lack of individuals with current knowledge
 of U.S. GAAP. 

To
remediate the Company s internal control weaknesses, management intends to implement the following measures, as finances allow: 

Adding sufficient accounting personnel or outside consultants to properly segregate duties and to affect a timely, accurate preparation
of the financial statements. 

Developing and maintaining adequate written accounting policies and procedures, once additional accounting personnel or outside consultants
are engaged. 

The
additional hiring is contingent upon our efforts to obtain additional funding and the results of our operations. Management expects to
secure funds in the coming fiscal year but provides no assurances that it will be able to do so. 

Notwithstanding
the material weaknesses discussed above, our management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, concluded that the consolidated financial
statements in this Annual Report fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented, in conformity with GAAP. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers that are not large-accelerated filers nor accelerated filers 
under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change to our internal controls or in other factors that could affect these controls during the year ended December 31, 2020,
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, our
management is currently seeking to improve our controls and procedures in an effort to remediate the deficiencies described above. 

CEO
and CFO Certifications 

Exhibits
31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report are the Certifications of our CEO and CFO, respectively. These certifications are required in accordance
with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the Section 302 Certifications ). This Item 9A. of this Annual Report, which
you are currently reading, is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to above and in the Section 302 Certifications, and
this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

41 

PART
III. 

ITEM
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Set
forth below are the names, ages, present principal occupations or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments
for the past five years of current directors and executive officers as of December 31, 2020. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Shawn
 Credle 
 
 40 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Joshua
 Eisenberg 
 
 34 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Gianmarco
 Rullo 
 
 44 
 
 Chief
 Strategy Officer 
 
 Matthew
 Feinstein 
 
 52 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Dr.
 Randy Hurwitz 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Eric
 Kennedy 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Katherine
 Hill 
 
 34 
 
 Director 

Gianmarco Rullo, age 44, was appointed Chief Strategy Officer of the Company on May 29, 2020. 

On April 2, 2020, Eric Kennedy resigned as a Director of the Company in order to focus on other interests. There were no disagreements
between the Company and Mr. Kennedy that led to his decision to resign. 

On
May 31, 2021, Katherine Hill was appointed as a Director of the Company. 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until removed by the
Board of Directors. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders,
and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. Our
Board of Directors appoints officers annually and each executive officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Shawn
Credle . Mr. Credle is an experienced manager and leader with strong attention to detail and extensive education. The Company
believes Mr. Credle will effectively disseminate the Company s culture and purpose for its business model, as well as bring forth
and articulate the vision of the Company to all employees, clients, and the public. Since December 2018, Mr. Credle has been serving
as the Chief Executive Officer of Pineapple Ventures, Inc. Pineapple Ventures ). From November 2012 until January 2019,
Mr. Credle served as the owner/operator and a Master Certified Personal Trainer/Nutrition Specialist of Semper Fi Fitness, LLC. From
July 2006 until July 2007, Mr. Credle worked as a Senior Compliance/Quality Analyst for a global surgical medical device company, as
well from April 2008 until December 2012 overseeing regulatory activities for all the company s entities in the southeast regional
states. In 1999, Mr. Credle enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. While in the Marines, Mr. Credle was involved in the combat readiness
of Operation Enduring Freedom, a military operation aimed to respond to the events of September 11, 2001. Mr. Credle was
later honorably discharged from the United States Marine Corps in 2003. Since 2014, Mr. Credle has also taught in college university
courses on leadership and entrepreneurship at the senior bachelor level. Mr. Credle received a B.A. in Business Management and a B.A.
in Management Information Systems (M.I.S.) from Albertus Magnus College, both with honors. He received his Master s Degree (MBA)
in Business Management (with honors), a Master s Degree in Business Intelligence/Analytics, and a Master s Degree in Information
Privacy/Cybersecurity from Barry University and Nova Southeastern University, respectively. 

Joshua
Eisenberg . Mr. Eisenberg is a skilled executive with extensive financial and operational experience in building, managing and
scaling cannabis-related businesses. Mr. Eisenberg has displayed superior leadership and management ability and his managerial and marketing
experience with the dynamic delivery cannabis model gives him unparalleled experience as well as insight into the needs of all demographic
segments. In September 2018, Mr. Eisenberg joined Pineapple Ventures as its Chief Operating Officer to continue his vision of building
a successful cannabis retail service. From July 2011 until September 2018, Mr. Eisenberg served as the founder and President of On Deck
Cooperative, Inc., a medical marijuana retail distributor in the city of Santa Clarita, California. From August 2011 until December 2018,
Mr. Eisenberg founded and built a successful cannabis retail business located in the California area. From November 2010 until May 2011,
Mr. Eisenberg worked as a social media strategist for IntoMobile, a leading phone news website. Mr. Eisenberg holds a B.S. from the Wharton
School, University of Pennsylvania. 

42 

Matthew
Feinstein. Mr. Feinstein, a founder of the Company, has been actively involved in the cannabis industry since 2013. At the Company,
Mr. Feinstein serves as a Director and our interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Feinstein is further responsible for human resources,
sourcing investment opportunities, and joint venture relationships. He also assists in developing the Company s objectives. Prior
to forming Better Business Consultants, Inc., which was acquired by the Company on August 24, 2015, Mr. Feinstein was associated with
Medbox, Inc. in various capacities as a consultant and employee from June 2013 to December 2014, and served as Vice President from February
2014 through December 2014 and on the board of directors from April 2014 through October 2014. At Medbox, Inc., Mr. Feinstein responsibilities
included developing client relationships and assisting these clients through the licensing process for canna-businesses. Upon securing
a license, he would manage the process of site selection, site construction, and training for each client. During his tenure, Feinstein
assisted clients to secure canna-business licenses in Nevada, California, Washington, Oregon, and Illinois. He resigned as Vice President
of Medbox, Inc. in December 2014. 

Mr.
Feinstein has over 30 years of experience in consumer product manufacturing, distribution, and national retail operations. He served
as the Director of Technical Service Operations at Minute Key, Inc. from 2011 to 2012, Operational Supervisor at Redbox, Inc. from 2009
to 2011, President and founder of Starlight Home Entertainment, a leading independent DVD sales, marketing, and distribution company
from 2001 to 2008, Managing Director of Consumer Services at Urbanfetch from 1999 to 2000, and Vice President of the Franchisor Military
Rent-All and Marbles Entertainment retail chains from 1991 to 1999. Mr. Feinstein and Starlight Home Entertainment separately filed bankruptcy
petitions in 2007. The bankruptcies were discharged in 2008. Mr. Feinstein earned his undergraduate degree in Political Science in 1991
from the University of California, Berkeley. Mr. Feinstein s background and many years of experience in retail operations and rolling
out retail chains provides the Company with experience and knowledge in this area. When combining these duties with his added and more
recent experience in the cannabis industry and his ability to source investors for the Company, Mr. Feinstein lends himself to be an
ideal candidate to head the Company and serve on the Board of Directors as its Chairman at the critical and early stages of the Company s
lifecycle. 

Gianmarco
Rullo . Mr. Rullo, age 44, is a seasoned corporate leader with over a dozen years of senior executive experience operating in
the cannabis industry since 2013. As of March 2020, Mr. Rullo has been serving as Executive Vice President, and now President of Pineapple
Ventures, Inc. Pineapple Ventures ), a partially owned subsidiary of the Company. Before joining Pineapple Ventures, Inc.,
Mr. Rullo acted as Chief Marketing Officer for Lucid Inc. from July 2019 until March 2020. Mr. Rullo had previously served as Vice President
of Brand Strategy for Origin House Inc. (CannaRoyalty Inc.), building their California operations from December 2017 until June 2019.
He joined Origin House as part of the acquisition of Kaya Management Inc. (Kaya), where Mr. Rullo served as Head of Operations from May
2015, concurrent with a role as Executive Director of Bhang Corporation Inc. s (Bhang) Vape division from 2015 through 2016. Mr.
Rullo served as Chief Operations and Marketing Officer from 2011 through 2015 for Dragontree Apothecary Inc., a manufacturer of consumer-packaged
goods with worldwide e-commerce, and national retail and distribution. In 2007, Mr. Rullo co-founded Finezza Soccer LLC (Finezza), serving
as CEO while expanding the company into both the North American and European markets, leading to an acquisition in 2011. Mr. Rullo earned
a B.A. in Applied Behavioral Analysis from University of Arizona, and he holds a Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Behavioral
Science from Bocconi University s SDA School of Business Management in Milan, Italy. 

Dr.
Randy Hurwitz . Dr. Hurwitz is a clinical psychologist and an attorney admitted to the bar in the State of Arizona, where he has
remained in good standing for over 20 years. From 1995 until 2005, Dr. Hurwitz was a partner with Anderson, Hurwitz Harward, P.C.
where he successfully represented hundreds of clients as well as bringing two cases to the Arizona Supreme Court, changing the law in
Arizona to protect consumer rights. In 2007, Dr. Hurwitz formed his own law firm, expanding to several locations including Gilbert, Mesa,
and Scottsdale, Arizona. Dr. Hurwitz has operated his own law firm at several locations, supervising staff and managing the practice.
In addition to his legal work, Dr. Hurwitz has been a small business owner, working in real estate acquisition, development, marketing
and management. Dr. Hurwitz advised and worked with major builders, including UDC Homes, Watt Homes, Richmond American Homes, holding
positions as Sales Manager and subsequently, Vice President of Sales Marketing. Currently, he is a Member of BARR Associates,
LLC, a real estate investment firm, where he has been in charge of acquisitions, home building and remodeling since 2004. Ever since
medical marijuana was placed on the ballot in Arizona, Dr. Hurwitz has followed the emerging marijuana sector, both in Arizona and nationally,
participating mostly as an investor and consultant. Dr. Hurwitz believes we are currently in the infancy stage in this sector, with immense
growth potential ahead. Our Board of Directors has concluded that Dr. Hurwitz is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors and
has the requisite qualifications, skills and perspectives based on, among other factors, his professional background and experience in
various business endeavors and his ability to relate to people in diverse settings. 

43 

Eric
Kennedy. Mr. Kennedy was appointed to our Board of Directors on June 1, 2016. Since June 2013, Mr. Kennedy has been a partner
in the Los Angeles office of a regional law firm with offices in California, Utah, Nevada, and Arizona. From April 2010 to June 2013,
Mr. Kennedy was an attorney with the international law firm, Jones Day. Mr. Kennedy s practice focuses primarily on representing
public companies and large private companies in all aspects of commercial litigation, including class action defense and disputes involving
contracts, fraud, unfair competition, real estate, false advertising, trade secrets, and trademark and copyright infringement. Mr. Kennedy
was defense counsel in a four-month trial regarding the fiduciary duties applicable to the members of a board of directors. In the process
of obtaining a full defense verdict for his client, Mr. Kennedy gained valuable experience and knowledge regarding the critical role
of directors, including their collective and individual duties to the company and the shareholders. He brings that experience with him
to the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Kennedy obtained his B.S. in Psychology from Brigham Young University in 1999 and his
J.D. from the University of Southern California in 2003. Mr. Kennedy has the experience and understating of the environment that present
day public companies must operate in. He brings a unique legal perspective and insights specifically regarding the duties and roles that
board members must follow to faithfully uphold their obligations and his service as an independent director should be of great value
to the Company. On April 2, 2020, Eric Kennedy resigned as a Director of the Company in order to focus on other interests. There were
no disagreements between the Company and Mr. Kennedy that led to his decision to resign. 

Katherine
Hill. In 2018, Katherine Hill was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives and quickly became a member of Congressional Leadership,
widely considered one of the Democratic Party s brightest rising stars. She was the first woman to represent her district, the
first openly LGBTQ woman to be elected to Congress from California, and one of the youngest women ever to serve in the House of Representatives
from January 2019 - November 2019. Hill resigned from her position less than a year after entering Congress, following the most prominent
act of cyber exploitation against a politician through the widespread release of nonconsensual intimate images. In the months following
her resignation, Hill authored She Will Rise: Becoming a Warrior in the Battle for True Equality, which lays out a path to achieving
equality for women in this country. She founded HER Time, a political action committee, to focus on that path by advocating for legislation
that uniquely and directly impacts women, and supporting women in politics who are shaping their communities, and the country, for the
better. Prior to serving in Congress, Hill was a full-time candidate for U.S. Congress from September 2017 - January 2019. Hill worked
as Executive Director of PATH (People Assisting The Homeless), the largest homeless services organization in California, from January
2010 to September 2017. Under her leadership, the organization s budget grew ten-fold and helped thousands of homeless individuals,
veterans, and families make it off the streets into permanent housing. During her time at PATH, Hill helped champion and pass historic
ballot initiatives Measure H and Prop HHH to help alleviate homelessness in Los Angeles County. From January 2020 to the present, Hill
is President, and CEO of Her Time Inc. Hill has been an advocate for marijuana legalization since long before her election to office
and sponsored a number of critical measures in the House to decriminalize and reform drug policies on a national level. 

Code
of Ethics; Financial Expert 

Because
of the small size and limited resources of the Company, we do not currently have a Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive,
financial and accounting officers. We do not have a financial expert on the Board of Directors or an audit committee or
nominating committee. 

44 

Potential
Conflicts of Interest 

Since
we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by
such committees are performed by our directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have
the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not
aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives or directors. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires executive officers and directors of the Company and persons who own
more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in their ownership
with the SEC, and forward copies of such filings to the Company. All of our executive officers and directors have complied with the Section
16(a) filing requirements. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There
are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal
conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking
industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

ITEM
11. Executive Compensation 

Our
named executive officers, consisting of our principal executive officers as of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and December
31, 2019 (the Named Executive Officers were: 

Matthew
 Feinstein, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chairman, Secretary and Director. 

Shawn
 Credle, Chief Executive Officer. 

Joshua
 Eisenberg, Chief Operating Officer. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, compensation awarded or paid to our Named Executive
Officers. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Fiscal
 Year ended December 31 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 
 ) 
 
 Matthew
 Feinstein, 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 2020 
 108,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 108,000 

Shawn Credle, 

 Chief Executive Officer 
 2020 
 48,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 

Joshua Eisenberg, 

 Chief Operating Officer 
 2020 
 48,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 

Shawn Credle, 

 Chief Executive Officer 
 2019 
 36,000 
 - 
 275,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 311,000 

Joshua Eisenberg, 

 Chief Operating Officer 
 2019 
 43,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 43,500 

Matthew Feinstein, 

 Interim Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 2019 
 117,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 117,000 

45 

Named
Executive Officer and Other Officer Employment Agreements and Arrangements 

Matthew
Feinstein 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, Matthew Feinstein received 9,000 per month or 27,000 per quarter. For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2019, Matthew Feinstein received compensation of 15,000 per month in January 31, 2019, reducing to 10,000 per month through
August 31, 2019. From September 1, 2019, through December 31, 2019, he received 8,000 per month as part of a company-wide restructuring
plan. 

Shawn
Credle 

Since
April 1, 2019, Shawn Credle receives 48,000 per year as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. He was awarded 500,000 shares of
the Company at signing. He also receives compensation from PVI, the Company s equity-method investee. 

Joshua
Eisenberg 

Since
January 1, 2019, until March 31, 2019, Joshua Eisenberg received 90,000 per year as Chief Operation Officer. As of April 1, 2019, and
through December 31, 2020, Joshua Eisenberg receives 48,000 per year as Chief Operation Officer. He also receives compensation from
PVI, the Company s equity-method investee. 

Marco
Rullo 

Since
June 1, 2020, until May 31, 2022, Marco Rullo receives 500 per year as Chief Strategy Officer. He also receives compensation from PVI.
He was awarded 240,000 shares of the Company at signing, with a fair value of 25,976. 

46 

Director
 Randy Hurwitz 

Since
June 1, 2019, Randy Hurwitz received 1,500 per month or 4,500 per quarter. The Company paid 3,000 in cash and accrued 15,000 in the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. The Company also granted 100,000 of common stock for services with a fair value of 10,824. 

Director
 Eric Kennedy 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 the Company paid 22,500. On April 2, 2020, Eric Kennedy resigned as a Director of the Company.
The Company agreed to settle with Eric Kennedy for 150,000 shares to cover stock issuances with a fair value of 30,000 and cash owed
up until his resignation. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

As
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, none of our directors or executive officers has held unexercised options, stock that had
not vested, or equity incentive plan awards. 

Director
Compensation for Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) 
 Non-equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Dr. Randy Hurwitz
 (3) 
 18,000 
 10,824 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 28,824 
 
 Shawn Credle (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Eric Kennedy (2) 
 22,500 
 44,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 66,500 
 
 Matthew Feinstein (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 

Directors
 do not receive any additional compensation for their services on our Board of Directors. 

(2) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the amounts are discussed
 in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Stock-based Compensation . This represents the
 grant of 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock as stock-based compensation. 
 
 (3) 
 This
 represents the grant of 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock as stock-based compensation. 

ITEM
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table lists, as of September 27, 2021, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned
by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each
executive officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial
ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial
ownership concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if
that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which
includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of
which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed
to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or
she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 

The
percentages below are calculated on the basis of 89,771,569 shares of Common Stock of the Company, issued and outstanding as of September
27, 2021, together with such number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which may be converted into Common Stock as of
the date hereof or within 60 days thereafter, representing an aggregate of 89,771,569 shares of Common Stock. No shares of Series A convertible
preferred stock have been issued as of August 27, 2021.The Company does not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities
exercisable for or convertible into shares of its Common Stock. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage
 of Class 
 
 5 or Greater
 Stockholders 

Jaime Ortega 
 43,914,000 (1) 
 48.92 
 
 Anna Mikhaylova 
 7,273,000 
 8.10 

Directors
 and Executive Officers 

Shawn Credle 
 500,000 

Joshua Eisenberg 
 5,000,000 
 5.57 
 
 Matthew Feinstein 
 7,100,000 
 7.91 
 
 Dr. Randy Hurwitz 
 595,000 

Gianmarco Rullo 
 500,000 

Katherine Hill 
 40,000 

All current directors and
 executive officers as a group (6 persons) 
 13,735,000 
 15.30 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent. 

(1)
30,790,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock owned by Mr. Ortega are subject to an irrevocable proxy granted by Mr. Ortega to
Matthew Feinstein, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Director. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, the Company did not have any equity compensation plans. 

47 

ITEM
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

Related
 Party 
 
 Relationship 
 
 Note 
 
 Date 
 
 Description 
 
 Sky
 Island, Inc. 
 
 Common
 ownership; wholly owned entity by majority shareholder Jaime Ortega 
 
 See
 Note 7 
 
 Since
 2015 through 2020 
 
 Since
 January 1, 2020, to December 31, 2020, the Company decreased the Sky Island promissory notes
 from a beginning balance of 1,757,124 to a closing balance of 8,015. The Company entered
 into an Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement on September 4, 2019 (the APA followed
 by a Letter Agreement on March 2, 2020, and closing on April 20, 2020, where the Company
 sold the domain THC.com , the trademarks bearing the THC 
 name, and the URL pineappleexpress.com to Mr. Ortega in exchange for
 the cancellation of 1,000,000 of Sky Island notes payable. 
 
 Subsequently,
 on December 17, 2020, the parties entered into a Recission Agreement pursuant to which the parties cancelled and rescinded the APA
 and all ancillary agreements. Accordingly, the intellectual property subject to the APA was returned to the Company and 1,000,000
 of debt owed to Sky Island was returned to the books and records of the Company. 
 
 In
 January 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to reduce the outstanding loan by 1,062,000, first applied to accrued interest
 of 312,891, in exchange for ownership in the Company s equity method investment. 

Neu-Ventures,
 Inc. 
 
 Common
 ownership; wholly owned entity by majority shareholder Jaime Ortega 
 
 See
 Note 7 
 
 2019
 and 2020 
 
 Beginning
 in April 2019, the Company also began receiving advances from Neu-Ventures, Inc., another entity owned by our majority shareholder,
 Mr. Ortega. Advances from Neu-Ventures for the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, totaled 552,028 and 325,380, respectively.
 The Company issued 525,000 common shares for extinguishment with a value of 120,000. The Company made a 9,000 cash payment during
 the year ended December 31, 2020. Neu Ventures Inc. paid 40,000 litigation settlement on behalf of the Company. These advances are
 due on demand and do not incur interest. 788,308 and 325,380 outstanding as of December 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 

Pineapple
 Ventures Inc. 
 
 Common
 ownership 
 
 See
 Note 2 and Note 5 
 
 Since
 2018 through 2020 
 
 Consulting
 Income for Marketing, Website Development, etc. 0 in 2020; 15,000 in 2019). 
 
 In
 November 2018, the Company entered into a Consulting Services Agreement with Pineapple Ventures Inc. PVI to create
 a marketing campaign, create influencer relationships, and consult on website and app design and 3rd party vendors in exchange for
 5,000 per month beginning in November 2018. The agreement term is for 1 year, reverting to a month-to-month term thereafter. A total
 of 10,000 was billed and recognized as revenue in 2018 for November and December consulting income. PEC billed and recognized an
 additional 15,000 for consulting in January March 2019. In April 2019, the Company entered into an agreement to invest in
 PVI, at which point the Consulting Services Agreement with PEC was terminated. No further revenue from this agreement was recognized
 in 2020 and in 2019. 
 
 Licensing
 Agreement 
 
 In
 September 2018, the Company entered into a Website Licensing Agreement with PVI to license its www.pineappleexpress.com website,
 including the proprietary Uniform Resource Locator, to be developed and actively utilized in distributing content, selling products/services,
 and hosting social media predominantly in the cannabis space. The agreement includes an initial licensing fee upon execution of the
 agreement of 150,000 payable from the licensee to the licensor. The agreement also includes a revenue share equal to the greater
 of 10 of net income or 5 of gross revenue. Monthly statements shall be tendered to licensor along with checks for revenue share
 at 5 of gross revenue. An additional payment shall be tendered to Licensor within 45 days of year end should 10 of net income calculations
 result in an additional amount owed. The agreement also includes annual minimum revenue share payments of 300,000 during the first
 2 years, 350,000 during the third year, and 400,000 for all years thereafter. The 150,000 initial payment under the agreement
 was not paid in cash; however, the Company credited the amount against the principal of the outstanding Sky Island note. As of December
 31, 2018, the Company has not appropriately fulfilled its obligation to provide access and administration for the website. Thus,
 the Company has determined it is appropriate to still not recognize this revenue during 2018. No other payments have been received
 since the initial licensee fee. In April 2019, as a result of the Company s investment in PVI, the licensing contract entered
 into with PVI in 2018 was terminated and the 150,000 customer deposit received in 2018 from PVI was returned. 

48 

50 
 (subsequently reduced to 45.17 Equity Investment Loss 388,099 in 2020; 61,285 in 2019) 
 
 In
 April 2019, the Company acquired a 50 investment in PVI in exchange for 20,000,000 shares of common stock. During the year ended
 December 31, 2020, Jaime Ortega purchased back approximately 4.53 of the PVI shares for 1,000,000 in settlement of his existing
 note, bringing down the Company s investment in PVI at 45.47 The investment has been accounted for under the equity method.
 In addition to having a direct investment, the Company also noted that common ownership with PVI represents an additional variable
 interest. However, it was determined that the Company does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact
 PVI s economic performance, and therefore, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of PVI and PVI has not been consolidated
 under the variable interest model. 
 
 The
 investment was recorded at cost, which was determined to be 11,000,000 based on a value of 0.55 per share. A total of 10,000,000
 shares of common stock were issued as of December 31, 2019. The remaining 10,000,000 shares were issued in January 2020, and were
 recorded as a stock subscription payable at December 31, 2019. 
 
 Based
 on its 45.17 equity investment, the Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of 388,099 and 61,285 for the year ended
 December 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively, which has reduced the carrying value of the investment as of December 31, 2020, and December
 31, 2019, to 9,488,616 and 10,938,715, respectively. 
 
 Advances
 for Monthly Rent Payments 22,470 in 2020; 42,856 in 2019). 
 
 In
 August 2019, PVI began advancing funds for payment of the Company s monthly office rent. Total advances through December 31,
 2019, were 42,856. Total advances through December 31, 2020, were 22,470. 

Matthew
 Feinstein 
 
 Owner;
 Interim Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 See
 Note 7 
 
 Since
 2016 through 2020 
 
 Cash
 compensation for services provided 108,000 in 2020; 117,000 in 2019) 
 
 In
 September 2016, the Company received a 50,000 loan from Matthew Feinstein, Director. This loan and any subsequent advances are due
 on demand and do not incur interest. The Company received additional advances from Mr. Feinstein during the years ended December
 31, 2020, and 2018 of 696 and 3,416, respectively. During 2019, Mr. Feinstein agreed to reduce the note balance by 14,871, which
 has been recorded as a gain on settlement of related party debt in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity. During
 2020, Mr. Feinstein agreed to cancel the remaining balance of 2,944, which was recorded in additional paid-in capital. During 2020,
 Mr. Feinstein agreed to cancel the remaining balance of accounts payable of 27,505, which was recorded in additional paid-in capital. 
 0
 and 2,249 are outstanding as of December 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 

Matthew
 Feinstein is also a guarantor of the Company s note payable with Kabbage, Inc. 

Eric
 Kennedy 
 
 Owner;
 Director 
 
 See
 Note 7 and Note 11 
 
 2018
 through 2020 
 
 Cash
 compensation for services provided 22,500 in 2020; 30,000 in 2019). 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation for services provided 30,000 in 2020; 18,900 in 2019). 
 
 In
 May 2019, the Company agreed to a settlement with Eric Kennedy, a Company s Director, related to deferred cash compensation
 that had been accrued for in the Company s accounts payable and accrued liabilities to reduce the amount to 35,000, resulting
 in a gain on settlement of related party payables of 36,000, which has been recorded in the consolidated statements of stockholders 
 equity. Therefore, the 35,000 was reclassified to related party notes payable. The note does not incur interest and was originally
 to be repaid through an initial 10,000 payment with monthly payments of 5,000 thereafter, but the Company was only able to make
 one 5,000 payment, reducing the balance to 30,000 as of December 31, 2020. No activity during the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2020. 

49 

Shawn
 Credle 
 
 Owner;
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 See
 Note 11 
 
 2019
 and 2020 
 
 Cash
 compensation for services provided 48,000 in 2020; 36,000 in 2019) 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation for services provided 0 in 2020; 275,000 in 2019). 

Jamie
 Ortega 
 
 Owner 
 
 See
 Note 11 
 
 2019
 and 2020 
 
 8,250,000
 in Company s shares granted for the equity investment in PVI during 2019; 2,750,000 of equity issued during 2019; 5,500,000
 of equity issued during 2020. 

Joshua
 Eisenberg 
 
 Owner;
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 See
 Note 11 
 
 2019
 and 2020 
 
 Cash
 compensation for services provided 48,000 in 2020; 43,500 in 2019). 
 
 2,750,000
 in Company s shares granted for the equity investment in PVI during 2019; 2,750,000 of equity issued during 2019. No equity
 shares issued during 2020. 

Joy
 DiPalma 
 
 Owner 
 
 See
 Note 9 
 
 Since
 2016 through 2020 
 
 Advanced
 187,500 to PP in 2016, entered into a settlement agreement in February 2019. 169,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2020, and 2019.
 No activity during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

Hawkeye

Owner 
 
 See
 Note 9 
 
 Since
 2015 through 2020 
 
 Initial
 advance of 750,000 in 2015, net of revenue share payments and penalties the balance at December 31, 2017 was 717,200. In 2018,
 land was transferred to Hawkeye to reduce the liability by 200,000 and a settlement amount of 615,000 was agreed upon, resulting
 in a loss from debt settlement of 98,700. 615,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2020, and 2019. No activity during the fiscal
 year ended December 31, 2020. 

Rob
 Novinger 
 
 Owner 
 
 See
 Note 7 
 
 Since
 2016 through 2020 
 
 Original
 loan balance of 30,000, 10,000 repaid in 2017 and 5,000 more loaned in 2019. 30,851 and 25,000 outstanding as of December 31,
 2020, and 2019. The Company increased the outstanding balance by 5,851 to reflect the settlement agreement. 

Employment
Arrangements 

The
relationships and related party transactions described herein are in addition to any employment and consulting arrangements with our
executive officers and directors, which are described above under Executive Compensation Named Executive Officer and Other
Officer Employment Agreements and Arrangements. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

Our
Bylaws provide that none of our officers or directors shall be personally liable for any obligations of our Company or for any duties
or obligations arising out of any acts or conduct of said officer or director performed for or on behalf of our Company, including without
limitation, acts of negligence or contributory negligence. In addition, our Bylaws provide that we shall indemnify and hold harmless
each person and their heirs and administrators who shall serve at any time hereafter as a director or officer of our Company from and
against any and all claims, judgments and liabilities to which such persons shall become subject by reason of their having heretofore
or hereafter been a director or officer of our Company, or by reason of any action alleged to have heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted
to have been taken by him or her as such director or officer, and that we shall reimburse each such person for all legal and other expenses
reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with any such claim, judgment or liability, including our power to defend such persons
from all suits or claims as provided for under the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law; provided, however, that no such
persons shall be indemnified against, or be reimbursed for, any expense incurred in connection with any claim or liability arising out
of his (or her) own willful misconduct. In addition, we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors and officers
and some of our executives may have certain indemnification rights arising under their employment agreements with us. We believe that
these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

50 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our
directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and
officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. A stockholder s investment may be harmed
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 

We
intend to adopt a written related-person transactions policy that will set forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification,
review, consideration and oversight of related-person transactions. For purposes of this policy only, a related-person
transaction shall be a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships)
in which we and any related person are participants involving an amount that exceeds 120,000. 

Director
Independence 

We
are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are
not at this time required to have our board comprised of a majority of independent directors. Our Board of Directors has
determined that Eric Kennedy is the only independent director as such term is defined by SEC rules adopted pursuant to
the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and as determined in accordance with Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Marketplace Rules of
the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. 

ITEM
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Our
principal independent accountants for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, are BF Borgers CPA and MGO, respectively. The
pre-approved fees billed to the Company are set forth below: 

December
 31, 2020 
 December
 31, 2019 
 
 Audit Fees 
 136,847 
 50,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 1,875 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 4,274 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company did not have a formal documented pre-approval policy for the fees of the principal independent accountant.
The Company does not have an audit committee. 

51 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement of Merger dated February 12, 2016 by and between the Company, THC Industries, Inc., Matthew Feinstein, THC Industries, LLC, Ramsey Houston, LKP Global Law, LLP and Ana Montoya (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

2.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2019, among the Company, Pineapple Ventures, Inc. and the stockholders of Pineapple Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 5, 2018). 

2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2019 , among the Company, Pineapple Ventures, Inc. and the stockholders of Pineapple Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 10, 2019). 

2.4 

Share Exchange Agreement dated August 24, 2015 by and between the Company and Better Business Consultants, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

2.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 6, 2020, by and between, Pineapple Express, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and Pineapple, Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pineapple Express, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company dated September 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company dated October 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

3.4 

Articles of Incorporation of Pineapple, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2020). 

3.5 

Bylaws of Pineapple, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Company s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2020). 

3.6 

Articles of Merger of Pineapple Express, Inc., filed on April 15, 2020 with the Secretary of State of the State of Wyoming (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020). 

3.7 

Articles of Merger of Pineapple, Inc., filed on April 7, 2020 with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020). 

10.1 
 
 Revised Revenue Share Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit-1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 22, 2018). 

10.2 
 
 Deed (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 22, 2018). 

52 

10.3 
 
 Patent Assignment Agreement dated July 20, 2016 by and between the Company and Sky Island, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

10.4 
 
 Standstill and Waiver Agreement dated March 23, 2017 by and between the Company, Matthew Feinstein, THC Industries, LLC, Ramsey Houston, LKP Global Law, LLP and Ana Montoya (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

10.5 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement dated April 5, 2017 by and between the Company and Randall Webb (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

10.6 
 
 Real Property Purchase and Sale Agreement dated April 6, 2017 by and between the Company and Randall Webb (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

10.7 
 
 Licensing Agreement dated May 26, 2017 by and between the Company, THC Industries, LLC and The Hit Channel, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2016 by and between the Company and Matthew Feinstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2016 by and between the Company and Theresa Flynt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

10.10 
 
 Services Agreement dated July 19, 2016 between Charles Day of Sharper, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018). 

10.11 
 
 Restated Binding Letter of Intent dated March 29, 2018 by and between Sky Island Inc. and Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 5, 2018). 

10.12 
 
 License Agreement dated April 3, 2018 by and between the Company and Sky Island Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 5, 2018). 

10.13 
 
 Irrevocable Proxy dated March 8, 2017 by and between Sky Island, Inc., and Vincent Mehdizadeh, and Jaime Ortega (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Schedule 13D, filed with the SEC on November 26, 2019). 

10.14 
 
 Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2020, among the Company, Pineapple Ventures, Inc., the stockholders of Pineapple Ventures, Inc., and Jaime Ortega (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2020). 

10.15 
 
 Merchandise Licensing Agreement, dated June 23, 2017, among Pineapple Express, Inc. and Putnam Accessory Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020). 

53 

10.16 

Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 2019, among Pineapple Express, Inc. and Neu-Ventures Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020). 

10.17 

Letter Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2020, among Pineapple Express, Inc., Pineapple Ventures, Inc. and Jaime Ortega (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020). 

10.19 
 
 Independent Contractor Agreement dates as of May 29, 2020 by and between Pineapple, Inc. and Gianmarco Rullo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020). 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Summary of Significant Changes Caused by the Reincorporation Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 03, 2020). 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to the requirements of Item 15(a)(3) of
 Form 10-K. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PINEAPPLE,
 INC. 

Dated:
 October 4, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Shawn Credle 

Name:
 
 Shawn
 Credle 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

PINEAPPLE,
 INC. 

Dated:
 October 4, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Matthew Feinstein 

Name:
 
 Matthew
 Feinstein 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/ s /
 Matthew Feinstein 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 October
 4, 2021 
 
 Matthew
 Feinstein 

/ s /
 Randy Hurwitz 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 4, 2021 
 
 Randy
 Hurwitz 

/ s /
 Katherine Hill 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 4, 2021 
 
 Katherine
 Hill 

55 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Pineapple,
Inc., 
a Nevada corporation 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Pineapple
 Ventures, Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 THC
 Industries, LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Pineapple
 Express Consulting, Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 Pineapple
 Park, LLC 
 
 California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CEO PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Shawn Credle, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pineapple, Inc. (the Registrant ): 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report. 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4.
The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
October 4, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Shawn Credle 

Shawn
 Credle 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CEO 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Matthew Feinstein, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pineapple, Inc. (the Registrant ): 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report. 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4.
The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
October 4, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Matthew Feinstein 

Matthew
 Feinstein 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CEO PURSUANT TO 

 18
U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with Annual Report of Pineapple, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shawn Credle, as the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
October 4, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Shawn Credle 

Shawn
 Credle 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

This
Certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CFO PURSUANT TO 

 18
U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with Annual Report of Pineapple, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew Feinstein, as the Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
October 4, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Matthew Feinstein 

Matthew
 Feinstein 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

This
Certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pnpl-20201231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pnpl-20201231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pnpl-20201231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pnpl-20201231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pnpl-20201231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pnpl-20201231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

