<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211129_10-K_edgar_data_16040_0001564590-21-058692.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32221479</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>750581</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2596484</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12717131</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3969676</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11513287</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-058692.hdr.sgml : 20211129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211129170150
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-058692
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CABOT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000016040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				042271897
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05667
		FILM NUMBER:		211457103

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO SEAPORT LANE SUITE 1300
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6173450100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO SEAPORT LANE SUITE 1300
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CABOT GODFREY L INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680418

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-058692.txt : 20211129

10-K
 1
 cbt-10k_20210930.htm
 10-K

cbt-10k_20210930.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (March 31, 2021), the aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was . As of November 15, 2021, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 Portions of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 14 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 21 

ITEM 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 22 

ITEM 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 24 

ITEM 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 25 

ITEM 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 38 

ITEM 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 40 

ITEM 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 88 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 88 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 88 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 90 

ITEM 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 90 

ITEM 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 90 

ITEM 13 . 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 90 

ITEM 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 90 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 91 

ITEM 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 93 

Signatures 
 
 94 

2 

Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements under the Federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements address expectations or projections about the future, including our expectations regarding our future business performance and overall prospects segment growth and the assumptions underlying our growth expectations demand for our products when we expect to close the sale of our Purification Solutions business, the amount of the cash proceeds we expect to receive upon the closing of the transaction and the amount of the impairment charge we will record in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 in connection with the transaction research and development activities the recommencing of work on our Cilegon, Indonesia plant expansion for reinforcing carbons, and the resumption of activities at our facility in Pepinster, Belgium when we expect production of specialty carbons to begin at our new facility in Jiangsu Province, China when we expect to complete our new specialty compounds unit at our plant in Cilegon, Indonesia when we expect to close our purchase from Tokai Carbon Group of its carbon black facility in Tianjin, China and when we expect the conversion of the first unit at the site to be completed the timing of payments for costs associated with reorganization actions the sufficiency of our cash on hand, cash provided from operations and cash available under our credit and commercial paper facilities to fund our cash requirements our plans to refinance the 3.7 Notes that mature in July 2022 anticipated capital spending, including environmental-related and technology controls capital expenditures regulatory developments restructuring and transformation plan charges and charges related to flooding at our Pepinster, Belgium facility cash requirements and uses of available cash, including future cash outlays associated with long-term contractual obligations, restructurings, contributions to employee benefit plans, environmental remediation costs and future respirator liabilities and the timing of such outlays exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange risk future benefit plan payments we expect to make future amortization expenses our ability to recover deferred tax assets our operating tax rate and the possible outcome of legal and environmental proceedings, and value-added tax matters. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public and in oral statements made by authorized officers. 
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, potentially inaccurate assumptions, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control or difficult to predict. If known or unknown risks materialize, our actual results could differ materially from past results and from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements are described in Item 1A in this report. 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Investors are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our 10-Q and 8-K reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

 General 
 Cabot is a global specialty chemicals and performance materials company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Our principal products are reinforcing and specialty carbons, specialty compounds, fumed metal oxides, activated carbons, inkjet colorants, and aerogel. Cabot and its affiliates have manufacturing facilities and operations in the United States U.S. and over 20 other countries. Cabot s business was founded in 1882 and incorporated in the State of Delaware in 1960. The terms Cabot , Company , we , and our as used in this report refer to Cabot Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Our advancing the core corporate strategy is to extend our leadership in performance materials by investing for growth in our core businesses, driving application innovation with our customers, and generating strong cash flows through efficiency and optimization. Our products are generally based on technical expertise and innovation in one or more of our four core competencies: making and handling very fine particles modifying the surfaces of very fine particles to alter their functionality designing particles to impart specific properties to a formulation and combining particles with other ingredients to deliver a formulated performance intermediate or composite. We focus on creating particles, and formulations of those particles, with the composition, morphology, and surface functionalities to deliver the requisite performance to support our customers existing and emerging applications. 
 Our business is organized into three reportable segments: Reinforcement Materials Performance Chemicals and Purification Solutions. On November 25, 2021, we entered into an agreement to sell our Purification Solutions business, which we expect to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. Upon the consummation of this transaction, our business will be organized into two reportable segments. Our business segments are discussed in more detail later in this section. 
 Our internet address is www.cabotcorp.com. We make available free of charge on or through our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with, or furnishing it to, the SEC. Information appearing on our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated in, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Reinforcement Materials 
 Products 
 Carbon black is a form of elemental carbon that is manufactured in a highly controlled process to produce particles and aggregates of varied structure and surface chemistry, resulting in many different performance characteristics for a wide variety of applications. Reinforcing carbons (a class of carbon blacks manufactured by Cabot) are used to enhance the physical properties of the systems and applications in which they are incorporated. 
 Our reinforcing carbons products are used in tires and industrial products. Reinforcing carbons have traditionally been used in the tire industry as a rubber reinforcing agent to increase tread durability and are also used as a performance additive to reduce rolling resistance and improve traction. In industrial products such as hoses, belts, extruded profiles and molded goods, reinforcing carbons are used to improve the physical performance of the product, including the product s physical strength, fluid resistance, conductivity and resistivity. 
 In addition to our reinforcing carbons, we manufacture engineered elastomer composites E2C solutions that are composites of reinforcing carbons and rubber made using our patented elastomer composites manufacturing process. These composites improve abrasion/wear resistance, reduce fatigue of rubber parts and reduce rolling resistance compared to reinforcing carbons/rubber compounds made entirely by conventional rubber mix methods enabling rubber product manufacturers to reduce the need to make performance trade-offs. Additionally, because E2C solutions can be integrated into current product methods without additional significant capital investment, and require fewer mixing stages, lower mixing temperatures and shorter mixing cycles than conventional products, operating and production costs may be reduced. 
 Drivers of Demand and Sales and Customers 
 Demand for our Reinforcement Materials products is largely driven by the growth and development of the tire and automotive industries. In addition to general global economic conditions, demand for reinforcing carbons in tires is mainly influenced by the number of replacement and original equipment tires produced, which in turn is driven by (i) vehicle and driving trends, including the number of miles driven, and the number of vehicles produced and registered, (ii) demand for high-performance tires, (iii) demand for larger tires and larger vehicles, such as trucks, buses, off-road vehicles used in agriculture, mining and similar vehicles, (iv) consumer and industrial spending on new vehicles and (v) changes in regulatory requirements impacting vehicle fuel efficiency and tire regulations. Demand for reinforcing carbons for industrial products is mainly influenced by vehicle production and design trends, construction activity and general industrial production. 
 4 
 
 Demand in the developed Western European , Japanese, and North American regions is mainly driven by demographic changes, customers high-quality requirements, stringent tire regulation standards , changes in consumer preference (e.g., different tire sizes, model and powertrain types), and relatively stable tire replacement demand . Demand in developing markets, such as China, Southeastern Asia, South America and Eastern Europe, is mainly driven by the growing middle class, rapid industrialization, infrastructure spending and increasing car ownership trends. The growth in vehicle production in turn drives demand for both original equipment tire s and replacement tires in developing regions. 
 Sales of reinforcing carbons and E2C solutions are made primarily by Cabot employees and secondarily through distributors and sales representatives. Sales to five major tire customers represent a material portion of Reinforcement Materials total net sales and operating revenues. The loss of any of these customers, or a significant reduction in volumes sold to them, could have a material adverse effect on the segment. 
 Under appropriate circumstances, we have entered into supply arrangements with certain customers, the typical duration of which is one year. These arrangements typically provide for sales price adjustments to account for changes in relevant feedstock indices and, in many cases, changes in other relevant costs (such as the cost of natural gas). In fiscal 2021, approximately 60 of our reinforcing carbons volume was sold under these supply arrangements. The majority of the volumes sold under these arrangements are sold to customers in the Americas and Europe. 
 We licensed our patented elastomer composites manufacturing process to Manufacture Francaise des Pneumatiques Michelin for their exclusive use in tire applications through fiscal 2017, and for a period of limited exclusivity in tire applications through fiscal 2019. As consideration, we receive quarterly royalty payments extending through calendar year 2022. 
 Much of the reinforcing carbons we sell is used in tires and automotive products and, therefore, our financial results may be affected by the cyclical nature of the automotive industry. However, a large portion of the market for our products is in replacement tires that historically have been less subject to automotive industry cycles. 
 Competition 
 We are one of the leading manufacturers of carbon black in the world. We compete in the sale of reinforcing carbons with four companies that operate globally and numerous other companies that operate regionally, a number of which export product outside their region. Competition for our Reinforcement Materials products is based on product performance, quality, reliability, price, service, technical innovation, and logistics. We believe our product differentiation, technological leadership, global manufacturing presence, operations and logistics excellence and customer service provide us with a competitive advantage. 
 Raw Materials 
 The principal raw material used in the manufacture of our reinforcing carbons is composed of residual heavy oils derived from petroleum refining operations, the distillation of coal tars, and the production of ethylene throughout the world. Natural gas is also used in the production of our reinforcing carbons. Raw materials are, in general, readily available and in adequate supply. Raw material costs generally are influenced by the availability of various types of our feedstocks and natural gas, supply and demand of such raw materials and related transportation costs. 
 Operations 
 We own, or have a controlling interest in, and operate plants that produce reinforcing carbons in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, the Czech Republic, France, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands and the U.S. An equity affiliate operates a reinforcing carbons plant in Venezuela. In addition, we have a 98 ownership interest in an entity that manufactures our E2C products in Port Dickson, Malaysia. 
 The following table shows our ownership interest as of September 30, 2021 in segment operations in which we own less than 100 : 

Location 

Percentage Interest 

Shanghai, China 

70 (consolidated subsidiary) 

Tianjin, China 

70 (consolidated subsidiary) 

Xingtai City, China 

60 (consolidated subsidiary) 

Valasske Mezirici (Valmez), Czech Republic 

52 (consolidated subsidiary) 

Cilegon, Indonesia 
 Port Dickson,Malaysia 

98 (consolidated subsidiary) 
 98 (consolidated subsidiary) 

Valencia, Venezuela 

49 (equity affiliate) 

5 

During fiscal 2019, we began engineering work on an expansion of our Cilegon, Indonesia plant, which would have added approximately 90,000 metric tons of capacity to our network. In fiscal 2020, after a review of our capital allocation priorities, we temporarily suspended further work on this expansion and currently expect to recommence work on this project at a later time. 
 One of the main environmental challenges of a carbon black plant is the management of exhaust gas from production processes. This exhaust gas contains a number of regulated pollutants, including carbon monoxide and sulfur compounds. Our most common method for controlling these gases is through combustion, which produces useable energy as a by-product. Currently, nine reinforcing carbons and three reinforcing carbons/specialty carbons manufacturing sites have energy centers, which allow us to utilize these gases through some form of energy co-generation, such as the sale or reuse of steam, gas or electricity. Depending on our capacity utilization, our energy centers generally reduce our manufacturing operating costs. 
 Performance Chemicals 
 Our Performance Chemicals reporting segment is organized into two businesses: our Performance Additives business and our Formulated Solutions business. Our Performance Additives business combines our specialty carbons, including battery materials, fumed metal oxides and aerogel product lines, and our Formulated Solutions business combines our specialty compounds and inkjet product lines. 
 In Performance Chemicals, we design, manufacture and sell materials that deliver performance in a broad range of customer applications across the automotive, construction, infrastructure, inkjet printing, electronics, and consumer products sectors and in applications related to the generation, transmission and storage of energy. Our focus areas for growth include carbon additives and other materials for battery applications (which materials we currently refer to as our Battery Materials , and formerly referred to as Energy Materials ), inkjet dispersions for post print corrugated packaging applications, and conductive compounds and concentrates for various plastics applications. The investments we have made for growth in this segment, including in respect of these specific areas of focus, are described below under the heading Operations . 
 Products 
 Performance Additives Business 
 Carbon black is a form of elemental carbon that is manufactured in a highly controlled process to produce particles and aggregates of varied structure and surface chemistry, resulting in many different performance characteristics for a wide variety of applications. 
 Our specialty carbons are used to impart color, provide rheology control, enhance conductivity and static charge control, provide UV protection, enhance mechanical properties, and provide formulation flexibility through surface treatment. These specialty carbon products are used in a wide variety of applications, such as plastics, which applications represent the largest use for our products, inks, coatings, adhesives, toners, batteries, and displays. 
 Our Battery Materials applications include our conductive carbon additives (carbon black and carbon nanotubes) and fumed metal oxides, which are used principally in advanced lead acid and lithium-ion batteries used in electric vehicles. In lithium-ion batteries, our conductive carbon additives are used in both cathode and anode applications to enable enhanced energy density over longer cycle life. 
 Fumed silica is an ultra-fine, high-purity particle used as a reinforcing, thickening, abrasive, thixotropic, suspending or anti-caking agent in a wide variety of products for the automotive, construction, microelectronics, batteries, and consumer products industries. These products include adhesives, sealants, cosmetics, batteries, inks, toners, silicone elastomers, coatings, polishing slurries and pharmaceuticals. Fumed alumina, also an ultra-fine, high-purity particle, is used as an abrasive, absorbent or barrier agent in a variety of products, such as inkjet media, lighting, coatings, cosmetics and polishing slurries. 
 Aerogel is a hydrophobic, silica-based particle with a high surface area that is used in a variety of thermal insulation and specialty chemical applications. In the building and construction industry, the product is used in insulative sprayable plasters and composite building products, as well as translucent skylight, window, wall and roof systems for insulating eco-daylighting applications. In the specialty chemicals industry, the product is used to provide matte finishing, insulating and thickening properties for use in a variety of applications. 
 Formulated Solutions Business 
 Our masterbatch and conductive compound products, which we refer to as specialty compounds , are formulations derived from specialty carbons mixed with polymers and other additives. These products are generally used by plastic resin producers and converters in applications for the automotive, industrial, packaging, infrastructure, agriculture, consumer products, and electronics industries. As an alternative to directly mixing specialty carbon blacks, these formulations offer greater ease of handling and help customers achieve their desired levels of dispersion and color and manage the addition of small doses of additives. In addition, our electrically conductive compound products generally are used to help ensure uniform conductive performance and reduce risks associated with electrostatic discharge in plastics applications. 
 6 
 
 Our inkjet colorants are high-quality pigment-based black and color dispersions and inks. Our dispersions are based on our patented pigment surface modification technology and polymer encapsulation technology . The dispersions are used in aqueous inkjet inks to impart color, sharp print characteristics and durability, while maintaining high printhead reliability. These products are used in various inkjet printing applications, including traditional work-from-home and corporate office settings , and, increasingly, in commercial and corrugated packaging, that all require a high level of dispersibility and colloidal stability. Our inkjet inks, which utilize our pigment-based colorant dispersions, are used in the commercial printing segment for digital print. 
 Drivers of Demand and Sales and Customers 
 Our specialty carbons products have a wide variety of end-uses and demand is largely driven by the growth and development of the construction and infrastructure, automotive, electronics and consumer products industries. Demand for our conductive carbon additives for use in batteries is largely driven by the trend in electrification of vehicles. Demand for fumed silica is mainly influenced by trends in key markets for silicones, adhesives and coatings applications, notably, structural adhesives for automobile light-weighting, epoxy bonding paste for wind turbines, high-performance coatings and hybrid sealants for construction and silicones for medical devices and the proliferation of electronics. Demand for specialty compounds is mainly influenced by growth and development of the automotive, infrastructure, consumer goods and electronical and electronic devices, packaging and agriculture industries. 
 Demand for our inkjet colorants is mainly influenced by developments in print media, pages printed in office and work-from-home environments, as well as press sales and utilization levels as digital aqueous pigment-based inks penetrate commercial and packaging applications historically served by analog printing methods. 
 Sales of these products are made by Cabot employees and through distributors and sales representatives. In our specialty carbons and specialty compounds product lines, sales are generally to a broad number of customers. In our fumed metal oxides product line, sales under contracts with six customers account for approximately one-third of the revenue. 
 Competition 
 We are a leading producer of the products we sell in this segment. We compete in the sale of carbon black with four companies that operate globally and numerous other companies that operate regionally, a number of which export product outside their region. For battery applications, we produce conductive carbon and carbon nanotubes for both lithium ion and lead acid batteries. For battery applications, we compete primarily with two companies that operate globally that manufacture conductive carbon additives and we compete primarily with one China-based company that manufactures carbon nanotubes. For fumed silica, we compete primarily with two companies with a global presence and several other companies which have a regional presence. For aerogel, we compete principally with one other company that produces aerogel products. We also compete with non-aerogel insulation products manufactured by regional companies throughout the world. For specialty compounds, we compete with many regional companies and a small number of global companies. Our inkjet colorants and inks are designed to replace traditional pigment dispersions and dyes used in inkjet printing applications. Competitive products for inkjet colorants are organic dyes and other dispersed pigments manufactured and marketed by large chemical companies and small independent producers. 
 Competition for our Performance Chemicals products is based on product performance, quality, reliability, service, technical innovation and price. We believe our product differentiation, technological leadership, operations excellence and customer service provide us with a competitive advantage. 
 Raw Materials 
 Raw materials for our products are, in general, readily available and in adequate supply. The principal raw material used in the manufacture of our specialty carbons is composed of residual heavy oils derived from petroleum refining operations, the distillation of coal tars, and the production of ethylene throughout the world. Natural gas is also used in the production of our specialty carbons. These raw material costs generally are influenced by the availability of various types of our feedstocks and natural gas, supply and demand of such raw materials and related transportation costs. Changes in certain of our raw material supplier s operating conditions could reduce the availability of certain very specialized feedstocks. 
 Raw materials for the production of fumed silica are various chlorosilane feedstocks. We purchase feedstocks and for certain customers convert their feedstock to product on a fee-basis (so called toll conversion ). We also purchase aluminum chloride as feedstock for the production of fumed alumina. We have long-term procurement contracts or arrangements in place for the purchase of fumed silica feedstock primarily from fence-line partners, which we believe will enable us to meet our raw material requirements for the foreseeable future. In addition, we buy some raw materials in the spot market to help ensure flexibility and minimize costs. The principal raw materials for the production of aerogel are silica sol and/or sodium silicate. 
 7 
 
 The primary raw materials used for our specialty compounds include carbon black, primarily sourced from our carbon black plants, prime and recycled thermoplastic resins and mineral fillers supplied from various sources. Raw materials for inkjet colorants include carbon black sourced from our carbon black plants, organic pigments and other treating agents available from various sources. Raw materials for inkjet inks include pigment dispersions, solvents and other additives. 
 Operations 
 We own, or have a controlling interest in, and operate plants that produce specialty carbons primarily in China, the Netherlands and the U.S. We also own, or have a controlling interest in, manufacturing plants that produce fumed metal oxides in China, Germany, the United Kingdom U.K ), and the U.S. and a manufacturing plant that produces aerogel in Frankfurt, Germany. An equity affiliate operates a fumed metal oxides plant in India. Our specialty compounds are predominately produced in facilities that we own, or have a controlling interest in, located in Belgium, Canada, China and the United Arab Emirates. Our inkjet colorants and inks are manufactured at our facility in the U.S. 
 The following table shows our ownership interest as of September 30, 2021 in these segment operations in which we own less than 100 : 

Location 

Percentage Interest 

Tianjin, China 

90 (consolidated subsidiary) 

Jiangxi Province, China 
 Wuhai, China 

90 (consolidated subsidiary) 
 80 (consolidated subsidiary) 

Mettur Dam, India 

50 (equity affiliate) 

Currently, three of our reinforcing carbons/specialty carbons manufacturing sites have energy centers. 
 We are investing for growth with a number of capacity expansion projects and other transactions. In September 2018, we acquired NSCC Carbon (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd. from Nippon Steel Carbon Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Nippon Steel Chemical & Material Co., Ltd., adding to our portfolio a 50,000-metric ton facility in Pizhou, Jiangsu Province, China. We have begun modifying this facility to produce specialty carbons, and expect production to begin in fiscal 2022. In addition, during fiscal 2018, we purchased Tech Blend, a leading North American producer of black masterbatches, extending our geographic footprint in black masterbatch and compounds. The acquisition added a manufacturing facility in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Qu bec, Canada to our manufacturing network. In June 2019, we acquired certain intangible assets from a leading masterbatch producer in Asia, which extended our global footprint in black masterbatch. In addition, to meet anticipated demand, we are in the process of expanding our specialty compounds manufacturing capacity with a new specialty compounds unit at our reinforcing carbons plant in Cilegon, Indonesia, which we expect to be completed in 2023. 
 We also continue to expand our fumed silica manufacturing capacity, with new plants in Wuhai, China and Carrollton, Kentucky, U.S. In fiscal 2019, we completed construction and began operations at our facility in Wuhai, and in August 2020 we completed construction and began operations at our facility in Carrollton, which is adjacent to DowDuPont s existing silicone monomer plant. 
 To strengthen our formulations capabilities for batteries, in April 2020, we acquired carbon nano-tube producer Shenzhen Sanshun Nano New Materials Co., Ltd. In addition to additional technology capabilities, this acquisition added a manufacturing facility in Zhuhai, China to our manufacturing network. We intend to further expand our manufacturing capacity for our Battery Materials product line to meet anticipated demand, and in November 2021, we entered into an agreement with Tokai Carbon Group to purchase its carbon black manufacturing facility in Tianjin, China, which we expect to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. We plan to convert certain manufacturing units to allow us to produce specialty carbons, including products for our Battery Materials product line, and expect the conversion of the first unit at the site to be completed in calendar year 2024. We plan to manufacture reinforcing carbons at this facility initially and during the period of conversion. 
 Purification Solutions 
 Products 
 Activated carbon is a porous material consisting mainly of elemental carbon treated with heat, steam and/or chemicals to create high internal porosity, resulting in a large internal surface area that resembles a sponge. It is generally produced in two forms, powdered and granular, and is manufactured in different sizes, shapes and levels of purity and using a variety of raw materials for a wide variety of applications. Activated carbon is used to remove contaminants from liquids and gases using a process called adsorption, whereby the interconnected pores of activated carbon trap contaminants. 
 8 
 
 Our activated carbon products are used for the purification of water, air, food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and other liquids and gases, as either a colorant or a decolorizing agent in the manufacture of products for food and beverage applications and as a chemical carrier in slow release applications. In gas and air applications, one of the uses of activated carbon is for the removal of mercury in flue gas streams. In certain applications, used activated carbon can be reactivated for further use by removing the contaminants from the pores of the activated carbon product. The most common applications for our reactivated carbon are water treatment and food and beverage purification. In addition to our activated carbon production and reactivation, we also provide activated carbon solutions through on-site equipment and services, including delivery systems for activated carbon injection in coal-fired utilities, mobile water filter units and carbon reactivation services. 
 Drivers of Demand and Sales and Customers 
 Demand for our activated carbon products is driven primarily by the demand for activated carbon-based solutions for water, gas and air, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages, catalysts and other chemical applications. 
 Sales of activated carbon are made by Cabot employees and through distributors and sales representatives to a broad range of customers, including coal-fired utilities, food and beverage processors, water treatment plants, pharmaceutical companies and catalyst producers. Some of our sales of activated carbon are made under annual contracts or longer-term agreements, particularly in mercury removal applications. 
 Competition 
 We are one of the leading manufacturers of activated carbon in the world. We compete in the manufacture of activated carbon with a number of companies, some of which have a global presence and others that have a regional or local presence, although not all of these companies manufacture activated carbon for the range of applications for which we sell our products. Competition for activated carbon and activated carbon equipment and services is based on quality, price, performance, and supply-chain stability. We believe our commercial strengths include our product and application diversity, product differentiation, technological leadership, and quality. 
 Raw Materials 
 The principal raw materials we use in the manufacture of activated carbon are various forms of coal, including lignite, wood and other carbonaceous materials, which are, in general, readily available and we believe we have in adequate supply. With respect to our operations in North America, we owned a lignite mine that was operated by Caddo Creek Resources Company, LLC, a subsidiary of the North American Coal Company, and which supplied our Marshall, Texas facility (the Marshall Facility ). On September 30, 2020, we sold our interest in the mine to ADA Carbon Solutions (Operations) LLC, a subsidiary of Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. ADES ), and entered into a long-term supply agreement with ADA Carbon Solutions (Red River), LLC, a subsidiary of ADES, under which it will manufacture and supply our proprietary portfolio of lignite-based activated carbon products exclusively to us. As a result of these actions, effective September 30, 2020, we ceased manufacturing lignite-based activated carbon at our Marshall Facility and idled our activation kilns at that facility. 
 Operations 
 We own, or have a controlling interest in, and operate plants that produce activated carbon in Italy, the Netherlands, the U.K. and the U.S. Since September 30, 2020, operations at our Marshall Facility have been limited to certain operational activities not involving the production of activated carbon, including washing of activated carbon, as well as packaging and warehousing operations. We also have joint venture interests in activated carbon plants in Canada and Mexico, and a reactivation plant in Singapore. The following table shows our ownership interest as of September 30, 2021 in activated carbon operations in which we own less than 100 : 

Location 

Percentage Interest 

Estevan, Saskatchewan, Canada 

50 (contractual joint venture) 

Atitalaquia, Hidalgo, Mexico 
 Republic of Singapore 

49 (equity affiliate) 
 35 (equity affiliate) 

Patents and Trademarks 
 We own and are a licensee of various patents, which expire at different times, covering many of our products as well as processes and product uses. Although the products made and sold under these patents and licenses are important to Cabot, the loss of any particular patent or license would not materially affect our business, taken as a whole. We sell our products under a variety of trademarks we own and take reasonable measures to protect them. While our trademarks are important to Cabot, the loss of any one of our trademarks would not materially affect our business, taken as a whole. 
 9 
 
 Research and Development 
 Our reinforcing and specialty carbon products are highly versatile and meet specific performance requirements across many industries, creating opportunities for innovation. In each of fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021, we spent approximately 55 million on technology development and R&D focused in the areas of conductive carbons, dispersions and engineered elastomer composites. Our process technology innovation efforts have been focused largely on process yield and optimization to reduce our Scope 1 emissions. Going forward, as part of our sustainability efforts, we expect to focus our R&D and innovation on opportunities to further enhance waste heat recovery, integrate reclaimed carbon, recycled polymers and alternative feedstocks into our products, explore the viability and cost effectiveness of the use of carbon capture and storage/use, as well as developing products that enable customers to create products with improved sustainability profiles. 
 Seasonality 
 Our businesses are generally not seasonal in nature, although we may experience some regional seasonal declines during holiday periods and some weather-related seasonality in Purification Solutions. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Our success is realized through the engagement and commitment of our people. We believe that our globally distributed workforce positions us well to serve our broad customer base in the regions and geographies in which they operate. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 4,500 employees across our operations, with 40 of our employees in the Americas (65 of whom are in the United States), 31 in EMEA, and 29 in Asia Pacific (75 of whom are in China). Of this global employee base, 44 are employed in manufacturing roles. 
 Our Management Executive Committee Executive Committee is comprised of our CEO and his nine direct reports who, collectively, have management responsibility for our businesses, our financial, legal, safety, health and environment, human resources, research and development, global business services, and digital functions, and our regional operations. 
 Our main human capital objectives are to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent and ensure they feel safe, supported and empowered to do the best work they can do. Accordingly, our management team places significant focus and attention on matters concerning the Company s workforce particularly in the areas of diversity, talent retention and development, total rewards, and employee health and safety. These areas of focus are also represented in our 2025 Sustainability Goals, which include: 

fostering an environment where employees report high levels of inclusion and support for their professional development 

 increasing diverse representation in leadership and professional roles and 
 reducing injuries and frequency of significant process safety events by 50 . 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 In support of our goals and commitment to foster a diverse and inclusive environment where all employees can contribute, thrive and grow, we have focused on several areas during fiscal 2021, including: 

We introduced a global diversity and inclusion training program focused on unconscious bias for our people managers. This program was well-received, with 99 of our people managers (525 people) and another 470 employees participating in this program in fiscal 2021. We expect to continue to provide this training regularly. 

We launched and expanded several Employee Resource Groups (ERGs): Women & Allies, Black Employees and Allies United, VETS, and Pride Cabot. The objectives of these ERGs are to help foster a diverse, inclusive workplace by educating and building awareness across the Company on challenges underrepresented groups often face, how to be more inclusive, supporting career development and recruiting efforts, and leading community outreach efforts. 

We facilitated additional educational programs, workshops and discussions on a variety of diversity and inclusion topics for global, regional and local employee groups to engage individuals and teams. 

 10 

With respect to gender representation, our demographic breakdown is as follows: 
 Number of Employees by Level and Gender 

Male 

of total 

Female 

of total 

Total 
 Employees 

Executive Committee 

7 

70 

3 

30 

10 

Management 

623 

75 

205 

25 

828 

Professional Contributor 

854 

73 

318 

27 

1,172 

Hourly & Associate Staff 

1,975 

80 

506 

20 

2,481 

Total Population 

3,459 

77 

1,032 

23 

4,491 

Management includes both people managers and senior-level individual contributor roles. 
 Talent Retention and Development 
 We have numerous initiatives and programs to attract, develop and retain our talent tailored to specific employee populations and geographies, including leadership and executive development programs, technical training, and other skill-based training. In fiscal 2021, we deployed programs specific to professional growth for our process engineers that encompassed the development of technical skills and capability as well as general business acumen. We also introduced a new online career development portal to provide our employees with tools to empower them to drive their own career development with support from their managers. 
 We have well-established performance management and talent development processes in which managers provide regular feedback and coaching to develop employees. Throughout the year, managers and employees engage in annual objective setting, quarterly reviews of goal progress, performance feedback, career development discussions, and a year-end performance evaluation. In addition, we regularly review talent development and succession plans for each of our functions and operating segments to identify and develop a pipeline of talent to maintain business operations. 
 Our biennial employee engagement survey provides an opportunity for the Company to receive feedback from our global workforce and gain insights related to engagement, retention and development. In our 2021 survey, we had very strong participation with an 87 response rate. We remain encouraged by the results of this survey, which show an increase in overall engagement and intent to stay at Cabot. 
 Some of our employees in the U.S. and abroad are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements. We have generally positive and productive employee relations with our employees, unions and works councils globally. 
 Total Rewards 
 We strive to provide a total rewards program that enables us to attract, retain and motivate the best talent to support our businesses. Our compensation programs embrace a pay for performance philosophy and are designed to be competitive within the markets in which we compete for talent. Our pay practices reward individual and Company performance and are equitably differentiated based on role, experience, contributions, and performance. We regularly assess these practices to ensure we are aligning roles with compensation levels based on job responsibilities, market competitiveness, geographical location, strategic importance of roles and other relevant factors. 
 Cabot is committed to ensuring that employees are paid fairly relative to one another, without discrimination on the basis of gender or race while taking into account job-related factors such as responsibilities, location, work experience, education and contributions. We conduct reviews annually to monitor our pay practices and develop pay actions where appropriate. Our most recent analysis (which did not include some of our employees who are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements) indicated that we have strong pay parity between females and males globally as well as with People of Color in the United States across all pay components (annual base salary, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives) for those in the same job and location and after assessing job-related factors such as experience, education and performance, with pay adjustments being needed for 1 of the employees who were included in the assessment. 
 We also aim to provide competitive benefits programs in all the locations where we operate, including meeting or exceeding local regulations and focusing on health and welfare, employee well-being, and retirement savings. Consistent with this practice, during the COVID- 19 pandemic we enhanced many of our offerings and provided the benefits described below, a number of which we continue to provide in order to better support our employees and their families: 

Expanding our Employee Assistance Program globally and offering seminars to assist employees with mental well-being 

Distributing wellness kits containing supplies to combat the COVID-19 virus in most locations, comprised of items such as face masks, thermometers and highlighting available resources for health, emotional and physical support 

 11 

Offering a special recognition program, comprised of monetary and non-monetary elements, to all our employees globally to recognize the additional efforts and contributions our colleagues made during the year in response to the pressures of COVID-19 

Introducing an emergency leave and pay policy providing for paid time off in the event of exposure to COVID-19 

Fully covering the costs of COVID-19 testing and vaccines 

Expanding flexible work arrangements 

Providing more flexibility for participants in our 401(k) Plan for U.S.-based employees to take out loans and distributions 

Offering additional back-up childcare, tutoring and elder care benefits for our U.S.-based employees 

 Employee Health & Safety 
 We are committed to providing a workplace that prioritizes the health and safety of our employees. As part of our Drive to Zero initiative, we have set a long-term goal of achieving zero injuries at our facilities worldwide. We intend to achieve this ambitious objective by training employees in hazard recognition, ensuring procedures are established to mitigate risks and equipping supervisory personnel with the tools and skills required to execute our work safely. As part of this effort, members of our leadership team participate in root cause determinations and the results are shared throughout our network of operating facilities. Recognizing that it may take many years to achieve our Drive to Zero, we have established a continuous improvement goal for personal safety to achieve a 50 reduction in our recordable and severe injury rate from our baseline measurement in 2019 by 2025. For fiscal year 2021, our Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) based upon the number of injuries per 200,000 work hours for both employees and contractors was 0.34 and our Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) was 0.24. For comparison, the US Bureau of Labor Statistics reports for chemical manufacturing an average TRIR of 1.8 and LTIR 1.2 in calendar year 2020. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we also implemented additional health and safety protocols at our sites to reduce employee density, enhance cleaning and enact distancing requirements. Additional personal protective equipment (PPE) was provided to employees, and work procedures were modified to reduce risk. We continue to refine these measures as new information about the virus becomes available. 
 Through our global SH&E Policy, which is endorsed by our Executive Committee, we hold ourselves accountable to demonstrate our company values and continuously improve the way we operate. The policy defines several important objectives for our continuous improvement in safety, including: 

Complying with all applicable regulations 

Sharing complete information about the safe handling of our products 

Maintaining the safety and security of our employees, contractors and neighbors 

Managing our operations to minimize any impacts on our communities 

Exemplifying the Responsible Care Guiding Principles 

Partnering with customers to develop innovative and sustainable solutions 

Improving efficiencies, reducing environmental impacts and ensuring that we are prepared for emergencies that could occur 

 Safety, Health, Environment, and Sustainability 
 In recognition of the importance of safety, health, environment and sustainability matters to Cabot, our Board of Directors has a Safety, Health, Environment, and Sustainability Committee. The Committee, which is comprised of independent directors, meets regularly and oversees our safety, health, and environmental performance, process safety, security, product stewardship, community engagement and governmental affairs. In particular, the Committee reviews metrics, audit results, emerging trends, overall performance, risks and opportunity assessments and management processes related to our safety, health, environmental and sustainability program. 
 Our ongoing operations are subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, rules, and ordinances relating to safety, health, and environmental matters SH&E Requirements ). The SH&E Requirements to which our operations are subject include requirements to obtain and comply with various environmental-related permits for constructing any new facilities and operating all of our existing facilities and for product registrations. We have expended and will continue to expend considerable resources to construct, maintain, operate, and improve our facilities throughout the world for safety, health and environmental protection and to comply with SH&E Requirements. We spent 83 million in environmental-related capital expenditures in fiscal 2021. We anticipate spending approximately 80 million for such matters in fiscal 2022, a significant portion of which will continue to be for the installation of air pollution control equipment and wastewater infrastructure improvements at certain of our plants. These costs include costs associated with our compliance with the Consent Decree we entered into in November 2013 with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality LDEQ regarding Cabot s three carbon black manufacturing facilities in the U.S. This settlement is related to the EPA s national enforcement initiative focused on the U.S. carbon black manufacturing sector alleging non-compliance with certain regulatory and permitting requirements under The 
 12 
 
 Clean Air Act, including the New Source Review NSR construction permitting requirements. Pursuant to this settlement, Cabot has installed technology controls for sulfur dioxide and /or nit r ogen oxide at its carbon black plants in Pampa, Texas and Canal, Louisiana, and is in the process of installing such technology controls at its plant in Ville Platte, Louisiana. We expect that the total capital costs to install these technology controls will be in the range of 225 million to 250 million and will be incurred through calendar year 2023 . As of September 30, 2021, w e have incurred 125 million to install these controls in the U.S. We also expect our operating costs will increase as these controls become operational. All carbon black manufacturers in the U.S. have settled with the EPA and are installing similar controls. 
 Environmental agencies worldwide are increasingly implementing regulations and other requirements resulting in more restrictive air emission limits globally, particularly as they relate to nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide and particulate matter emissions. In addition, growing concerns about climate change and an increased focus on carbon neutrality have led to global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which will impact the carbon black and activated carbon industries and our businesses as carbon dioxide is emitted from those manufacturing processes. Currently, in Europe, our four carbon black facilities and one activated carbon facility are subject to the EU Emission Trading Scheme EU ETS ). The fourth phase of the EU ETS began in January 2021 with updated product benchmarks for our carbon black facilities. In addition, our carbon black facility in The Netherlands is subject to The Netherlands CO2 tax, which is a top-off tax to the EU ETS scheme, and in 2021 was assessed a CO2 tax. We do not expect to be assessed a supplemental Netherlands CO2 tax as EUA pricing is expected to remain higher than the Netherlands CO2 tax threshold in the next few years. In China national emissions trading program is currently only in place for the power sector and has not yet been expanded beyond that sector. We continue to monitor that program s further implementation and expect it to apply to the carbon black industry in 2023 or 2024, with the existing pilots expected to continue to operate until the national program becomes effective. In Canada, our carbon black manufacturing facility has been subject to the Canadian federal carbon tax program. The new Ontario Emissions Performance Standard trading system will replace the Canadian federal Output-Based Pricing System for our carbon black facility in Ontario, with specific transition requirements that were announced in October 2021 becoming effective on January 1, 2022. In addition, under the Province of Ontario Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks regulations, we expect we will be required within the next three to five years to install technology controls for sulfur dioxide at our manufacturing plant in Sarnia, Ontario. In Mexico, our carbon black facility is participating in the pilot national ETS program, which is expected to continue into fiscal 2022. A carbon tax has also recently been adopted in the Tamaulipas state, where our operations in Mexico are located, that became effective on January 1, 2021. In other regions where we operate, some of our facilities are required to report their greenhouse gas emissions but are not currently subject to programs requiring trading or emission controls but may be subject to limited carbon tax programs affecting fuels we purchase. We generally expect to pay any incurred taxes or purchase emission credits as needed to respond to any allocation shortfalls and pass these costs on to our customers. In addition, further air emission regulations may be adopted in the future in regions and countries where we operate, which could have an impact on our operations. Increasing regulatory programs associated with emissions and concerns regarding climate change are expected to increase our capital and operational costs in the future. 
 Cabot has been named as a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (the Superfund law and comparable state statutes with respect to several sites primarily associated with our divested businesses. (See Legal Proceedings in Item 3 below, and Note U in Item 8 below, under the heading Contingencies .) During the next several years, as remediation of various environmental sites is carried out, we expect to spend against our environmental reserve for costs associated with such remediation. As of September 30, 2021, our environmental reserve was approximately 5 million. Adjustments are made to the reserve based on our continuing analysis of our share of costs likely to be incurred at each site. Inherent uncertainties exist in these estimates due to unknown conditions at the various sites, changing governmental regulations and legal standards regarding liability, and changing technologies for handling site investigation and remediation. While the reserve represents our best estimate of the costs we expect to incur, the actual costs to investigate and remediate these sites may exceed the amounts accrued in the environmental reserve. While it is always possible that an unusual event may occur with respect to a given site and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular period, we do not believe that the costs relating to these sites, in the aggregate, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. Furthermore, it is possible that we may also incur future costs relating to environmental liabilities not currently known to us or as to which it is currently not possible to make an estimate. 
 The International Agency for Research on Cancer IARC classifies carbon black as a Group 2B substance (known animal carcinogen, possible human carcinogen). We have communicated IARC s classification of carbon black to our customers and employees and have included that information in our safety data sheets and elsewhere, as appropriate. We continue to believe that the available evidence, taken as a whole, indicates that carbon black is not carcinogenic to humans, and does not present a health hazard when handled in accordance with good housekeeping and safe workplace practices as described in our safety data sheets. 
 Our products are subject to the chemical control laws and regulatory requirements of the countries in which they are manufactured or imported. These laws include the regulation of chemical substances and inventories under the Toxic Substances Control Act TSCA in the U.S. and the Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals REACh in the European Union. 
 13 
 
 Manufacturers or importers of these chemical substances are required to submit specified health, safety, environment, risk and use information about the se substance s . Under the Evaluation portion of the REACh framework, the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) and European Union Member States assess the information submitted by companies within registration dossiers and testing propo sals to determine whether the associated substances are safe for use. The dossier of silica and multiwalled carbon nanotubes have recently been reviewed and accepted by the competent authority. C arbon black is scheduled for review in 2022. Analogous regimes exist in other parts of the world, including the UK, Turkey, Eurasia, China, South Korea, and Taiwan. Many of these chemical control regulations are in the process of a multi-year implementation period for product/substance registrations or notifications. 
 Additional requirements for nanomaterials apply to many of our existing products including carbon black, fumed silica, inkjet pigments, fumed alumina, and advanced carbons such as carbon nanostructures and carbon nanotubes. Country-specific nanomaterial reporting programs have been implemented in some countries and are being developed by others. We intend to continue to monitor and comply with these requirements. 
 A number of organizations and regulatory agencies have become increasingly focused on the issue of water scarcity and water quality, particularly in certain geographic regions. We are engaged in various activities to promote water conservation and wastewater recycling. The costs associated with these activities are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 Various U.S. agencies and international bodies have adopted security requirements applicable to certain manufacturing and industrial facilities and marine port locations. These security-related requirements involve the preparation of security assessments and security plans in some cases, and in other cases the registration of certain facilities with specified governmental authorities. We closely monitor all security-related regulatory developments and believe we are in compliance with all existing requirements. Compliance with such requirements is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

 In addition to factors described elsewhere in this report, the following are important factors that could adversely affect our business. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations and financial results. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Risk 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our operations and has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and any future outbreak of a widespread health epidemic could materially and adversely impact our business in the future. 
 Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and outbreaks of epidemics, pandemics, or contagious diseases, such as the current outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 ). The COVID-19 pandemic and the associated containment efforts have had a serious adverse impact on the economy and on our business, results of operations and cash flows. Specifically, during fiscal 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted operations at our key customers within the automotive and tire industries, which materially reduced demand for our products. The deterioration of earnings we experienced from the COVID-19 pandemic was one of the factors that contributed to our recording of a valuation allowance on our U.S. deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, as described in Note R in Item 8 below under the heading Income Taxes . In response to reduced demand for our products, and also to comply with government mandates, during portions of fiscal 2020 we temporarily ceased operations or idled production lines at our facilities and we may be required to do this in the future. In addition, the current pandemic, or any future global health crisis, could materially affect our ability to adequately staff and maintain our operations, including in the event government authorities impose mandatory closures, work-from-home orders and social distancing protocols, and seek voluntary facility closures and impose other restrictions to mitigate the further spread of disease. A global health crisis could also disrupt our supply chain and materially and adversely impact our ability to secure supplies for our facilities and to provide personal protective equipment for our employees, which could materially and adversely affect our operations. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic is having a negative impact on the cost and availability of global transportation and on the availability of semi-conductor chips for the automotive industry. It has also contributed to increased costs and decreased availability of labor and materials for construction projects, and these factors have increased the costs of our capital improvement projects and delayed our completion of such projects. There may also be long-term effects on our customers in, and the economies of, affected countries. Even if a virus or other illness does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may materially affect our business. Any of the foregoing within the countries in which we or our customers and suppliers operate could severely disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. As we cannot predict the duration or scope of COVID-19 or any pandemic, the negative financial impact to our results cannot be reasonably estimated and could be material. Factors that will influence the impact on our business and operations include the duration and extent of the pandemic, including the virulence and spread of different strains of a virus and the level and timing of vaccine development and distribution across the world and their impact on economic recovery and growth, the extent of imposed or 
 14 
 
 recommended containment and mitigation measures and their impact on our operations and the operations of our customers, and the general economic consequences of the pandemic . 
 In addition, a global health crisis that continues for an extended period of time with an adverse impact on our revenue and overall profitability may lead to an increase in inventory reserves, allowances for doubtful accounts, and additional valuation allowances on certain of our deferred tax assets, or a reduction in our borrowing availability under our credit agreements, or cause us to recognize impairments for certain long-lived assets including goodwill, intangible assets or property, plant and equipment. 
 To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic or other widespread health epidemic adversely affected or affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks that could adversely affect our business described below, such as risks associated with industry capacity utilization, volatility in the price and availability of raw materials, material adverse changes in customer relationships including any failure of a customer to perform its obligations under agreements with us, IT security systems risks, factors affecting our tax rate, and risks associated with worldwide or regional economic conditions. 
 Industry Risks 
 Industry capacity utilization and competition from other specialty chemical companies may adversely impact our business. 
 Our businesses are sensitive to industry capacity utilization, and pricing tends to fluctuate when capacity utilization changes occur, which could affect our financial performance. Further, we operate in a highly competitive marketplace. Our ability to compete successfully depends in part upon our ability to maintain a superior technological capability and to continue to identify, develop and commercialize new and innovative, high value-added products for existing and future customers. Increased competition from existing or newly developed products offered by our competitors or companies whose products offer a similar functionality as our products, particularly those with an improved environmental footprint, and could be substituted for our products, may negatively affect demand for our products. In addition, actions by our competitors could impair our ability to maintain or raise prices, successfully enter new markets or maintain or grow our market position. 
 Environmental regulations and restrictions that affect the carbon black industry impose constraints on our operations, and could threaten our competitive position and increase our operating costs, which may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Our ongoing carbon black operations are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to environmental matters, many of which provide for substantial monetary fines and criminal sanctions for violations. These include requirements to obtain and comply with various environmental-related and other permits for constructing any new facilities and operating all of our existing facilities. These environmental regulatory requirements and restrictions impose constraints on our operations, and could threaten our competitive position. We have expended and will continue to expend considerable amounts to construct, maintain, operate, and improve our facilities around the world for environmental protection. 
 Further, environmental agencies worldwide are increasingly implementing regulations and other requirements resulting in more restrictive air emission limits globally, particularly as they relate to nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide and particulate matter emissions. We expect complying with existing regulations and other regulatory and tax changes being proposed in regions where we operate, if approved, will require us to incur significant additional costs for compliance, capital improvements or limit our current or planned operations. We may not be able to offset the effects of these compliance costs through price increases. Our ability to implement price increases is largely influenced by competitive and economic conditions and could vary significantly depending on the segment served. Such increases may not be accepted by our customers, may not be sufficient to compensate for increased regulatory costs or may decrease demand for our products and our volume of sales. 
 A description of these matters is included in the discussion under the heading Safety, Health, Environment, and Sustainability in Item 1 above, and in Note T in Item 8 below under the heading Contingencies ). 
 We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change developments and an increased focus on carbon neutrality, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations, and increased pressures and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. 
 Carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, is emitted in carbon black manufacturing processes. Concerns about the relationship between greenhouse gases and global climate change, and an increased focus on carbon neutrality, may result in additional regulations on both national and supranational levels, to monitor, regulate, control and tax emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. Climate changes include extreme weather impacts, such as changes in rainfall and in storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, significantly changing sea levels and increasing atmospheric and water temperatures. A number of governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions. Specifically, in certain geographic areas, our carbon black and activated carbon facilities are or may become subject to greenhouse gas emission trading schemes or carbon tax programs under which we may be required to pay any incurred taxes or purchase emission credits if our emission levels exceed our free allocation. The outcome of new legislation or 
 15 
 
 regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements and fees or restrictions on certain activities. C ompliance with greenhouse gas and climate change initiatives may result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, increased feedstock costs, additional taxes, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations, particularly as they may relate to our carbon black business. We may not be able to offset the effects of these new or more stringent laws and regulations and compliance costs through price increases, which could adversely affect our business and negatively impact our growth. Our ability to implement price increases is largely influenced by competitive and economic conditions and could vary significantly depending on the segment served. Such increases may not be accepted by our customers, may not be sufficient to compensate for increased regulatory costs or may decrease demand for our products and our volume of sales. A ny adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. 
 Even without such regulation, increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change or environmental harm from us or our industry could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the Company adversely. In recent years, investors have also begun to show increased interest about sustainability and climate change as it relates to their investment decisions. In addition, increasing weather-related impacts on our operations and plant sites may impact the cost or availability of insurance. Furthermore, the potential impact of climate change and related regulation on our feedstock suppliers and customers is highly uncertain and there can be no assurance that it will not have an adverse effect on the availability over time of our traditional carbon black feedstocks, our customers businesses, and on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Volatility in the price and availability of raw materials and energy could impact our margins and working capital. 
 Our manufacturing processes consume significant amounts of energy and raw materials, the costs of which are subject to worldwide supply and demand as well as other factors beyond our control. Our carbon black businesses use a variety of feedstocks as raw material including high sulfur fuel oils, low sulfur fuel oils, coal tar distillates, and ethylene cracker residue, the cost and availability of which vary, based in part on geography. Significant movements or volatility in our carbon black feedstock costs could have an adverse effect on our working capital and results of operations. In addition, regulatory changes may impact the prices of our feedstocks. For example, the International Maritime Organization regulation known as MARPOL further restricted the sulfur emissions for the shipping industry beginning January 1, 2020. This has impacted the prices and could impact the availability of certain fuel oils we use as feedstock for our products. 
 Certain of our carbon black supply arrangements contain provisions that adjust prices to account for changes in relevant feedstock and natural gas price indices. We also attempt to offset the effects of increases in raw material and energy costs through selling price increases in our non-contract sales, productivity improvements and cost reduction efforts. Success in offsetting increased raw material and energy costs with price increases is largely influenced by competitive and economic conditions and could vary significantly depending on the segment served. Such increases may not be accepted by our customers, may not be sufficient to compensate for increased raw material and energy costs or may decrease demand for our products and our volume of sales. If we are not able to fully offset the effects of increased raw material or energy costs, it could have a significant impact on our financial results. Rapid declines in energy and raw material costs can also negatively impact our financial results, as such changes can negatively affect the returns we receive on our energy centers and yield improvement investments, and may negatively impact our contract pricing adjustments. In addition, we use a variety of feedstock indices in our supply arrangements to adjust our prices for changes in raw materials costs. Depending on feedstock markets and our choice of feedstocks, the indices we use in our supply arrangements may not precisely track our actual costs. This could result in an incongruity between our pricing adjustments and changes in our actual feedstock costs, which can affect our net working capital and our margins. Further, the timing of the implementation of any of these pricing adjustments may not precisely track our actual costs as reflected in our financial statements. 
 In addition, we obtain certain of our raw materials from selected key suppliers. Although we typically maintain raw material inventory, if any sole source supplier of raw materials ceases supplying raw materials to us, or if any of our key suppliers is unable to meet its obligations under supply agreements with us on a timely basis or at an acceptable price, or at all, we may be forced to incur higher costs to obtain the necessary raw materials elsewhere or, in certain limited cases, may not be able to obtain the required raw materials. 
 16 
 
 A significant adverse change in a customer relationship or the failure of a customer to perform its obligations under agreements with us could harm our business or cash flows. 
 Our success in strengthening relationships and growing business with our largest customers and retaining their business over extended time periods is important to our future results. We have a group of key customers across our businesses that together represent a significant portion of our total net sales and operating revenues. The loss of any of our important customers, or a significant reduction in volumes sold to them, could adversely affect our results of operations until such business is replaced or any temporary disruption ends. Further, in our Reinforcement Materials segment we enter into supply arrangements with a number of key customers that typically have a duration of one year, which account for approximately half of our total rubber blacks volumes. Our success in negotiating the price and volume terms under these arrangements could have a material effect on our results. In addition, any deterioration in the financial condition of any of our customers that impairs our customers ability to make payments to us also could increase our uncollectible receivables and could affect our future results and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to political or country risk inherent in doing business in some countries. 
 Sales outside of the U.S. constituted the majority of our revenues in fiscal 2021. We conduct business in several countries that have less stable legal systems and financial markets, and potentially more corrupt business environments than the U.S. Our operations in some countries are subject to the following risks: changes in the rate of economic growth unsettled political or economic conditions non-renewal of operating permits or licenses possible expropriation or other governmental actions corruption by government officials and other third parties social unrest, war, terrorist activities or other armed conflict confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies deprivation of contract rights trade regulations affecting production, pricing and marketing of products reduced protection of intellectual property rights restrictions or additional costs associated with repatriating cash exchange controls inflation currency fluctuations and devaluation political tension that could result in sanctions being imposed against our customers or suppliers in countries where sanctions have not been imposed in the past the effect of global health, safety and environmental matters on economic conditions and market opportunities and changes in financial policy and availability of credit. 
 The Chinese government has, from time to time, curtailed manufacturing operations, with little or no notice, in industrial regions out of growing concern over air quality. The timing and length of these curtailments are difficult to predict and, at times, are applied to manufacturing operations without regard to whether the operations being curtailed comply with environmental regulations in the area. Accordingly, our manufacturing operations in China have been subject to these curtailments in the past and will likely be subject to them in the future. In addition, the Chinese government has instituted energy intensity and energy consumption targets in a number of provinces in its efforts to reduce energy consumption, resulting in energy quotas and shortages in energy supply. We are unable to predict how any power outages related to these targets will impact our operations. These events could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows both during and after the period of any government-imposed curtailment or power outages affecting our operations. Further, any such curtailments on the operations at our customers facilities could reduce demand for our products and our volumes. 
 Operational Risks 
 As a chemical manufacturing company, our operations are subject to operational risks and have the potential to cause environmental or other damage as well as personal injury, or disrupt our ability to supply our customers, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The operation of a chemical manufacturing business as well as the sale and distribution of chemical products are subject to operational as well as safety, health and environmental risks. For example, the production and/or processing of carbon black, specialty compounds, fumed metal oxides, aerogel, activated carbon and other chemicals involve the handling, transportation, manufacture or use of certain substances or components that may be considered toxic or hazardous. Our manufacturing processes and the transportation of our chemical products and/or the raw materials used to manufacture our products are subject to risks inherent in chemical manufacturing, including leaks, fires, explosions, toxic releases, mechanical failures or unscheduled downtime. For example, in fiscal 2021, we experienced an unplanned plant outage at our plant in Canal, Louisiana that caused reduced volumes and earnings during the period the plant was down and increased our fixed costs. In addition, the occurrence of material operating problems at our facilities, particularly at a facility that is the sole source of a particular product we manufacture, or a disruption in our supply chain or distribution operations may result in loss of production, which, in turn, may make it difficult for us to meet customer needs. Accordingly, these events and their consequences could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows, both during and after the period of operational difficulties, and could harm our reputation. 
 17 
 
 An interruption in our operations as a result of fence-line arrangements could disrupt our manufacturing operations and adversely affect our financial results. 
 At certain of our fumed metal oxides facilities and one of our carbon black facilities in China we have fence-line arrangements with adjacent third party manufacturing operations fence-line partners ), who provide raw materials for our manufacturing operations and/or take by-products generated from our operations. Accordingly, any disruptions or curtailments in a fence-line partner s production facilities that impacts their ability to supply us with raw materials or to take our manufacturing by-products could disrupt our manufacturing operations or cause us to incur increased operating costs to mitigate such disruption. We have experienced disruptions in the supply of raw materials from certain of our fence-line partners in recent years, which have caused us to curtail our operations or incur higher operating costs. Significant events at neighboring industrial facilities, such as environmental releases, could also disrupt our operations and result in negative publicity about us and harm our reputation. 
 Our products are subject to extensive safety, health and environmental requirements, which could impair our ability to manufacture and sell certain products. 
 In order to secure and maintain the right to produce or sell our products, we must satisfy product related regulatory requirements in different jurisdictions. Obtaining and maintaining these approvals requires a significant amount of product testing and data, and there is no certainty these approvals will be obtained. 
 Certain national and international health organizations have classified carbon black as a possible or suspected human carcinogen. To the extent that, in the future, (i) these organizations re-classify carbon black as a known or confirmed carcinogen, (ii) other organizations or government authorities in other jurisdictions classify carbon black or any of our other finished products, raw materials or intermediates as suspected or known carcinogens or otherwise hazardous, or (iii) there is discovery of adverse health effects attributable to production or use of carbon black or any of our other finished products, raw materials or intermediates, we could be required to incur significantly higher costs to comply with environmental, health and safety laws, or to comply with restrictions on sales of our products, be subject to legal claims, and our reputation and business could be adversely affected. In addition, chemicals that are currently classified as non-hazardous may be classified as hazardous in the future, and our products may have characteristics that are not recognized today but may be found in the future to impair human health or to be carcinogenic. 
 Information technology systems failures, data security breaches, cybersecurity attacks or network disruptions could compromise our information, disrupt our operations and expose us to liability, which may adversely impact our operations. 
 We rely on information technology, some of which is managed by third parties, to manage the day-to-day operations and activities of our business, operate elements of our manufacturing facilities, manage our customer and vendor transactions, and maintain our financial, accounting and business records. In addition, we collect and store certain data, including proprietary business information, and may have access to confidential or personal information that is subject to privacy and security laws and regulations. 
 The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this data is critical to our operations and business strategy. Information technology systems failures, including those associated with upgrading our systems or integrating information technology and other systems in connection with the integration of businesses we acquire, or network disruptions could disrupt our operations by impeding our processing of transactions and our financial reporting, and our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 In addition, our information technology systems could be compromised by outside parties intent on extracting information, corrupting information or disrupting business processes. Despite our security design and controls, and those of our third-party providers, we may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks, computer viruses, security breaches, inadvertent or intentional employee actions, system failures and other risks that could potentially lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data, improper use of our, or our third-party provider systems, solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, or operational disruptions. We face increased information technology security and fraud risks due to our increased reliance on working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic and beyond, which may create additional information security vulnerabilities and/or magnify the impact of any disruption in information technology systems. Additionally, we may be exposed to unauthorized access to our information technology systems through undetected vulnerabilities in our service providers information systems or software. With the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the scope and impact of any information security incident cannot be predicted. In addition, the global regulatory environment pertaining to information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with new and changing requirements, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), the China Cybersecurity Law, and Brazil s Lei Geral de Protecao de Dados (LGPD). Complying with these laws and regulations may be more costly or take longer than we anticipate and could otherwise affect our business operations. 
 18 
 
 Breaches of our security measures, cyber incidents and disruptions, or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential information about the Company, our employees, our vendors, or our customers, or failure to comply with laws and regulations related to information security or privacy, could result in legal claims or proceedings against us by governmental entities or individuals, significant fines, penalties and judgments, disruption of our operations, remediation requirements, changes to our business practices, and damage to our reputation, and could otherwise harm our business and our results of operations . 
 Natural disasters and severe weather events could affect our operations and financial results. 
 We operate facilities in areas of the world that are exposed to natural hazards, such as floods, windstorms, hurricanes, and earthquakes. In addition, extreme weather events and changing weather patterns present physical risks on existing infrastructure that may become more frequent or more severe as a result of factors related to climate change. Such events could disrupt our supply of raw materials or otherwise affect production, transportation and delivery of our products or affect demand for our products. 
 We have experienced recent disruptions of the type described above. For example, the severe flooding that occurred in Western Europe in July 2021 caused significant damage to our Specialty Compounds plant in Pepinster, Belgium. This disruption has resulted in a near-term reduction in earnings from lower volumes and certain increases in our operating costs, not all of which we expect to be able to recover from our insurance. 
 Technology Risks 
 We may not be successful achieving our growth expectations from new products, new applications and technology developments, and money we spend on these efforts may not result in an increase in revenues or profits commensurate with our investment. 
 We may not be successful achieving our growth expectations from developing new products or product applications. Moreover, we cannot be certain that the costs we incur investing in new product and technology development will result in an increase in revenues or profits commensurate with our investment. For example, our investments to further develop our E2C solutions and battery materials applications may not result in the earnings growth expectations on which these investments are being made. In addition, the timely commercialization of products that we are developing may be disrupted or delayed by manufacturing or other technical difficulties, market acceptance or insufficient market size to support a new product, competitors new products, and difficulties in moving from the experimental stage to the production stage. These disruptions or delays could affect our future business results. 
 The continued protection of our patents, trade secrets and other proprietary intellectual property rights are important to our success. 
 Our patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are important to our success and competitive position. We own various patents and other intellectual property rights in the U.S. and other countries covering many of our products, as well as processes and product uses. Where we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable, we rely on trade secret laws and practices to protect our proprietary technology and processes, such as physical security, limited dissemination and access and confidentiality agreements with our employees, customers, consultants, business partners, potential licensees and others to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect and the protective measures we have put in place may not prevent disclosure or unauthorized use of our proprietary information or provide an adequate remedy in the event of misappropriation or other violations of our proprietary rights. In addition, we are a licensee of various patents and intellectual property rights belonging to others in the U.S. and other countries. Because the laws and enforcement mechanisms of some countries may not allow us to protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as we are able to do in the U.S., the strength of our intellectual property rights will vary from country to country. 
 Irrespective of our proprietary intellectual property rights, we may be subject to claims that our products, processes or product uses infringe the intellectual property rights of others. These claims, even if they are without merit, could be expensive and time consuming to defend and if we were to lose such claims, we could be enjoined from selling our products or using our processes and/or be subject to damages, or be required to enter into licensing agreements requiring royalty payments and/or use restrictions. Licensing agreements may not be available to us, or if available, may not be available on acceptable terms. 
 Portfolio Management, Capacity Expansion and Integration Risks 
 Any failure to realize benefits from acquisitions, alliances or joint ventures or to achieve our portfolio management objectives could adversely affect future financial results. 
 In achieving our strategic plan objectives, we may pursue acquisitions, alliances or joint ventures intended to complement or expand our existing businesses globally or add product technology, or both. The success of acquisitions of businesses, new technologies and products, or arrangements with third parties is not always predictable and we may not be successful in realizing 
 19 
 
 our objectives as anticipated. We may not be able to integrate any acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business results. In addition to strategic acquisitions we evaluate our portfolio in light of our objectives and alignment with our growth strategy. In implementing this strategy we may not be successful in separating non-strategic assets. The gains or losses on the divestiture of, or lost operating income from, such assets may affect our earnings. Moreover, we have in the past, and may again in the future , incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures that reduce earnings. As described in Item 9B, Other Information , below, we expect to record an asset impairment charge in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 in connection with the disposition of our Purification Solutions business. 
 Plant capacity expansions and site development projects may impact existing plant operations, be delayed and/or not achieve the expected benefits. 
 Our ability to complete capacity expansions and site development projects, including capacity conversions from rubber carbon black to specialty carbon black and other site development projects, as planned may be delayed or interrupted by the need to obtain environmental and other regulatory approvals, unexpected cost increases, availability of labor and materials, unforeseen hazards such as weather conditions, and other risks customarily associated with construction projects. These risks include the risk that existing plant operations are disrupted, which could make it difficult for us to meet our customer needs. Moreover, in the case of capacity expansions, the cost of these activities could have a negative impact on the financial performance of the relevant business until capacity utilization at the particular facility is sufficient to absorb the incremental costs associated with an expansion. In addition, our ability to expand capacity in emerging regions depends in part on economic and political conditions in these regions and, in some cases, on our ability to establish operations, construct additional manufacturing capacity or form strategic business alliances. 
 Financial Risks 
 Negative or uncertain worldwide or regional economic conditions or trade relations may adversely impact our business. 
 Our operations and performance are affected by worldwide and regional economic conditions. Uncertainty or a deterioration in the economic conditions affecting the businesses to which, or geographic areas in which, we sell products could reduce demand for our products. We may also experience pricing pressure on products and services, which could decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and cash flows. In addition, during periods of economic uncertainty, our customers may temporarily pursue inventory reduction measures that exceed declines in the actual underlying demand. 
 In addition, changes in, or tensions relating to, U.S. trade relations with countries where we do business may adversely impact our business. For example, tensions in the U.S.-China trade relationship have led to an increase in the risk of sanctions being imposed against our suppliers and customers in China which, if imposed, could restrict our ability to do business with such companies. In addition, further trade tensions between the countries could have further adverse implications on our businesses and operating results in both the U.S. and China. For instance, we may encounter unexpected operating difficulties in China, more restrictive investment opportunities in China, greater difficulty transferring funds, more restrictive travel in and out of China, or negative currency impacts. Further, the cost of our capital projects may be higher than anticipated because of these trade tariffs. 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and thus negatively affect our financial results. 
 As more fully described in Note T in Item 8 below under the heading Contingencies , we are a party to or the subject of lawsuits, claims, and proceedings, including, but not limited to, those involving environmental, and health and safety matters as well as product liability and personal injury claims relating to asbestosis, silicosis, and coal worker s pneumoconiosis. We are also a potentially responsible party in various environmental proceedings and remediation matters wherein substantial amounts are at issue. Adverse rulings, judgments or settlements in pending or future litigation (including liabilities associated with respirator claims) or in connection with environmental remediation activities could adversely affect our financial results or cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in any forward-looking statements. 
 Our tax rate is dependent upon a number of factors, a change in any of which could impact our future tax rates and net income. 
 Our future tax rates may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: changes in the jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed changes in the estimated realization of our net deferred tax assets the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for non-U.S. withholding taxes adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns increases in expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes changes in available tax credits the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities and changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws. In addition, losses for which no tax benefits can be recorded could materially impact our tax rate and its volatility from one quarter to another. 
 20 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates affect our financial results. 
 We earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In fiscal 2021, we derived a majority of our revenues from sales outside the U.S. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies in countries where we operate will affect our results of operations and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. Due to the geographic diversity of our operations, weaknesses in some currencies might be offset by strengths in others over time. In addition, we are exposed to adverse changes in interest rates. We manage both these risks through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative instruments as well as foreign currency debt. We cannot be certain, however, that we will be successful in reducing the risks inherent in exposures to foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations. 
 Further, we have exposure to foreign currency movements because certain foreign currency transactions need to be converted to a different currency for settlement. These conversions can have a direct impact on our cash flows. 
 We have entered into a number of derivative contracts with financial counterparties. The effectiveness of these contracts is dependent on the ability of these financial counterparties to perform their obligations and their nonperformance could harm our financial condition. 
 We have entered into forward foreign currency contracts and cross-currency swaps as part of our financial risk management strategy. The effectiveness of our risk management program using these instruments is dependent, in part, upon the counterparties to these contracts honoring their financial obligations. If any of our counterparties are unable to perform their obligations in the future, we could be exposed to increased earnings and cash flow volatility due to an instrument s failure to hedge or adequately address a financial risk. 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 
 21 

Item 2 . 
 
 Pr operties 

 Cabot s corporate headquarters are in leased office space in Boston, Massachusetts. We also own or lease office, manufacturing, storage, distribution, marketing and research and development facilities in the U.S. and in foreign countries. The locations of our principal manufacturing and/or administrative facilities are set forth in the table below. Unless otherwise indicated, all the properties are owned. 

Location by Region 

Reinforcement 
 Materials 

Performance 
 Chemicals 

Purification 
 Solutions 

Americas Region 

Alpharetta, Georgia (1) 

X 

X 

X 

Tuscola, Illinois 

X 

Carrollton, Kentucky 

X 

Canal, Louisiana 

X 

X 

Ville Platte, Louisiana 

X 

Billerica, Massachusetts 

X 

X 

X 

Haverhill, Massachusetts 

X 

Midland, Michigan 

X 

Pryor, Oklahoma 

X 

Marshall, Texas 

X 

Pampa, Texas 

X 

X 

Campana, Argentina 

X 

Maua, Brazil 

X 

X 

Sao Paulo, Brazil (1) 

X 

X 

X 

Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Qu bec, Canada 

X 

Sarnia, Ontario, Canada 

X 

X 

Cartagena, Colombia 

X 

Altamira, Mexico 

X 

Europe, Middle East and Africa Region 

Loncin, Belgium 

X 

Pepinster, Belgium 

X 

Valasske Mezirici (Valmez), Czech Republic 

X 

Port Jerome, France 

X 

Frankfurt, Germany 

X 

Rheinfelden, Germany 

X 

Ravenna, Italy (2 plants) 

X 

X 

Riga, Latvia (1) 

X 

X 

X 

Schaffhausen, Switzerland 

X 

X 

X 

Botlek, Netherlands 

X 

X 

Amersfoort, Netherlands 

X 

Klazienaveen, Netherlands 

X 

Zaandam, Netherlands 

X 

Dubai, United Arab Emirates 

X 

Purton, United Kingdom (England) 

X 

Glasgow, United Kingdom (Scotland) 

X 

Barry, United Kingdom (Wales) 

X 

22 

Location by Region 

Reinforcement 
 Materials 

Performance 
 Chemicals 

Purification 
 Solutions 

Asia Pacific Region 

Jiangsu Province, China 

X 

Jiangxi Province, China 

X 

Tianjin, China 

X 

X 

Shanghai, China (1) 

X 

X 

X 

Shanghai, China (plant) 

X 

Xingtai City, China 

X 

Wuhai, China 

X 

Shenzhen, China 

X 

Zhuhai, China 

X 

Mumbai, India 

X 

X 

X 

Cilegon, Indonesia 

X 

Jakarta, Indonesia (1) 

X 

X 

X 

Chiba, Japan 

X 

Shimonoseki, Japan 

X 

Tokyo, Japan (1) 

X 

X 

X 

Port Dickson, Malaysia 

X 

(1) 
 
 Business service center 

Leased premises 

Building(s) owned by Cabot on leased land 

 We conduct research and development for our various businesses primarily at facilities in Billerica, Massachusetts Amersfoort, Netherlands Pampa, Texas Pepinster, Belgium Frankfurt, Germany and Zhuhai and Shanghai, China. 
 With our existing manufacturing plants and planned expansions, we generally have sufficient production capacity to meet current requirements and expected near-term growth. These plants are generally well maintained, in good operating condition and suitable and adequate for their intended use. Our administrative offices and other facilities are suitable and adequate for their intended purposes. 
 23 

Item 3 . 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

 Cabot is a party in various lawsuits and environmental proceedings wherein substantial amounts are claimed. Additional information regarding legal proceedings involving Cabot is disclosed in Note T in Item 8 below, under the heading Contingencies , which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4 . 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 Set forth below is certain information about Cabot s executive officers as of November 15, 2021. 
 Sean D. Keohane, age 54, is President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of Cabot s Board of Directors, positions he has held since March 2016. Mr. Keohane joined Cabot in 2002. From November 2014 until March 2016 he was Executive Vice President and President of Reinforcement Materials. From March 2012 until November 2014, he was Senior Vice President and President of Performance Chemicals, and from May 2008 until March 2012, he was General Manager of Performance Chemicals. He was appointed Vice President in March 2005, Senior Vice President in March 2012 and Executive Vice President in November 2014. He was a member of the Interim Office of the Chief Executive Officer, which was in place from December 2015 until March 2016. 
 Erica McLaughlin, age 45, is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. McLaughlin joined Cabot in 2002. She was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2018, and in October 2018 she assumed responsibility for Corporate Strategy and Development. From June 2016 until May 2018 she was Vice President of Business Operations for Reinforcement Materials and General Manager of the tire business, and from July 2011 until June 2016, she was Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Prior to July 2011, she held a variety of leadership positions in Finance and Corporate Planning. 
 Karen A. Kalita, age 42, is Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Ms. Kalita joined Cabot in 2008. Prior to assuming her current position in June 2019, she held several key positions in Cabot s Law Department, including Chief Counsel to the Company s Reinforcement Materials segment from November 2015 to June 2019 and Purification Solutions segment from June 2013 to June 2019, and senior legal counsel to the Company s previous Advanced Technologies segment. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Kalita was in private practice at WilmerHale LLP in Boston, MA. 
 Hobart C. Kalkstein, age 51, is Senior Vice President and President, Reinforcement Materials Segment and President, Americas Region. Mr. Kalkstein joined Cabot in 2005. Prior to assuming his current role in April 2016, he was Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development from December 2015 to April 2016. From October 2013 to December 2015, he served as Vice President of Global Business Operations for Purification Solutions and from November 2012 to December 2015 as General Manager of Global Emission Control Solutions for Purification Solutions, and from January 2012 to November 2012 he served as Vice President of Business Operations and Executive Director of Marketing and Business Strategy for Performance Chemicals. Prior to that, he served as General Manager of the Aerogel business from October 2007 to February 2010. 
 Jeff Zhu, age 53, is Senior Vice President and President, Performance Additives business and President, Asia Pacific Region. Mr. Zhu joined Cabot in 2012. Prior to assuming his current role in October 2019, he had served as President, Asia Pacific Region since joining Cabot. Prior to joining Cabot, Mr. Zhu served in a variety of regional and global business leadership roles at Rhodia from 1994 until 2010, including Asia Pacific regional commercial director from 1994 to 2002, regional vice president and general manager of Rhodia Novacare Asia Pacific from 2002 to 2008, and vice president and global director of Rhodia electronics and catalysis from 2008 to 2010. In addition, Mr. Zhu served as head of global pulp and paper sales at Asia Pacific Resources International Holdings Limited from 2010 to 2012. 

24 

PART II 

Item 5 . 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Cabot s common stock is listed for trading (symbol CBT) on the New York Stock Exchange. As of November 15, 2021, there were 611 holders of record of Cabot s common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On July 13, 2018, Cabot publicly announced that the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to an additional ten million shares of its common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, increasing the amount of shares available for repurchase at that time to approximately eleven million shares. The current authorization does not have a set expiration date. As of September 30, 2021, there were 5,023,665 shares available for repurchase under this authorization. 
 Comparative Stock Performance 
 The graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on Cabot common stock for the five-year period ended September 30, 2021 with the S&P 500 Chemicals Index and the S&P Midcap 400 Index. The comparisons assume the investment of 100 on October 1, 2016 in Cabot s common stock and in each of the indices and the reinvestment of all dividends. 
 The stock price performance on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

The information included under the heading comparative stock performance in Item 5 shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or subject to Regulation 14A, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

25 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. This preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical to the financial statements if (i) the estimate is complex in nature or requires a high degree of judgment and (ii) different estimates and assumptions were used, the results could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and the application of our policies. We base our estimates on historical experience, current conditions and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The policies that we believe are critical to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are presented below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when our customers obtain control of promised goods or services. The revenue recognized is the amount of consideration which we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. Our contracts with customers are generally for products only and do not include other performance obligations. Generally, we consider purchase orders, which in some cases are governed by master supply agreements, to be contracts with customers. The transaction price as specified on the purchase order or sales contract is considered the standalone selling price for each distinct product. To determine the transaction price at the time when revenue is recognized, we evaluate whether the price is subject to adjustments, such as for returns, discounts or volume rebates, which are stated in the customer contract, to determine the net consideration to which we expect to be entitled. Revenue from product sales is recognized based on a point in time model when control of the product is transferred to the customer, which typically occurs upon shipment or delivery of the product to the customer and title, risk and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer. We have an immaterial amount of revenue that is recognized over time. Payment terms typically range from zero to ninety days. 
 Shipping and handling activities that occur after the transfer of control to the customer are billed to customers and are recorded as sales revenue, as we consider these to be fulfillment costs. Shipping and handling costs are expensed in the period incurred and included in Cost of sales within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Taxes collected on sales to customers are excluded from the transaction price. 
 We generally provide a warranty that our products will substantially conform to the identified specifications. Our liability typically is limited to either a credit equal to the purchase price or replacement of the non-conforming product. Returns under warranty have historically been immaterial. 
 We do not have contract assets or liabilities that are material. 
 When the period of time between the transfer of control of the goods and the time the customer pays for the goods is one year or less, we do not consider there to be a significant financing component associated with the contract. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of inventories is determined using the FIFO method. 
 We periodically review inventory for both potential obsolescence and potential declines in anticipated selling prices. In this review, we make assumptions about the future demand for and market value of the inventory, and based on these assumptions estimate the amount of any obsolete, unmarketable, slow moving or overvalued inventory. We write down the value of our inventories by an amount equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated net realizable value. Historically, such write-downs have not been material. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management at the time of the assessment, however, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could reduce our gross profit and our earnings. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Goodwill is comprised of the purchase price of business acquisitions in excess of the fair value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized and is subject to impairment testing annually, or when events or changes in the business environment indicate that the carrying value of the reporting unit may exceed its fair value. 
 26 
 
 A reporting unit, for the purpose of the impairment test, is at or below the operating segment level, and constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by segment management. Reinforcement Materials, and the fumed metal oxides , specialty compounds , and specialty carbons product lines within Performance Chemicals, which are considered separate reporting units, carr ied our goodwill balances as of September 30, 20 2 1 . 
 For the purpose of the goodwill impairment test, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If an initial qualitative assessment identifies that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an additional quantitative evaluation is performed. Alternatively, we may elect to proceed directly to the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If based on the quantitative evaluation the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a goodwill impairment loss would result. The goodwill impairment loss would be the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The fair value of a reporting unit is based on discounted estimated future cash flows. The assumptions used to estimate fair value include management s best estimates of future growth rates, operating cash flows, capital expenditures and discount rates over an estimate of the remaining operating period at the reporting unit level. The fair value is also benchmarked against the value calculated from a market approach using the guideline public companies method. Based on our most recent annual goodwill impairment test performed as of August 31, 2021, the fair values of the Reinforcement Materials, fumed metal oxides, specialty compounds, and specialty carbons reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values. 
 Long-lived Assets Impairment 
 Our long-lived assets primarily include property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and long-term investments. The carrying values of long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 To test for impairment of assets, we generally use a probability-weighted estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows of the assets over their remaining lives to determine if the value of the asset is recoverable. Long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which independent identifiable cash flows are determinable. 
 An asset impairment is recognized when the carrying value of the asset is not recoverable based on the analysis described above, in which case the asset is written down to its fair value. If the asset does not have a readily determinable fair value, a discounted cash flow model may be used to determine the fair value of the asset. In circumstances when an asset does not have separately identifiable cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded when we no longer intend to use the asset. 
 Contingencies 
 We accrue costs related to contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Contingencies could arise from litigation, environmental remediation or contractual arrangements. When a single liability amount cannot be reasonably estimated, but a range can be reasonably estimated, we accrue the amount that reflects the best estimate within that range or the low end of the range if no estimate within the range would be considered more likely than any other estimate. The amount accrued is determined through the evaluation of various information, which could include claims, settlement offers, demands by government agencies, estimates performed by independent third parties, identification of other responsible parties and an assessment of their ability to contribute, and our prior experience. We do not reduce the estimated liability for possible recoveries from insurance carriers. Proceeds from insurance carriers are recorded when realized by either the receipt of cash or a contractual agreement. Litigation is highly uncertain and there is always the possibility of an unusual result in any particular case that may reduce our earnings and cash flows. 
 We have recorded a significant reserve for respirator liability claims. Our current estimate of the cost of our share of existing and future respirator liability claims is based on facts and circumstances existing at this time, including the number and nature of the remaining claims. Developments that could affect our estimate include, but are not limited to, (i) significant changes in the number of future claims, (ii) changes in the rate of dismissals without payment of pending claims, (iii) significant changes in the average cost of resolving claims, including potential settlements of groups of claims, (iv) significant changes in the legal costs of defending these claims, (v) changes in the nature of claims received or changes in our assessment of the viability of these claims, (vi) trial and appellate outcomes, (vii) changes in the law and procedure applicable to these claims, (viii) the financial viability of the parties that contribute to the payment of respirator claims, (ix) exhaustion or changes in the recoverability of the insurance coverage maintained by certain of the parties that contribute to the settlement of respirator claims, or a change in the availability of the indemnity provided by a former owner of the business, (x) changes in the allocation of costs among the various parties paying legal and settlement costs, and (xi) a determination that the assumptions that were used to estimate our share of liability are no longer reasonable. We cannot determine the impact of these potential developments on our current estimate of our share of liability for these existing and future claims. Because reserves are limited to amounts that are probable and estimable as of a relevant measurement date, and there is inherent difficulty in projecting the impact of potential developments on our share of liability for these existing and future claims, it is reasonably possible that the liabilities for existing and future claims could change in the near 
 27 
 
 term and that change could be material . Refer to Note T of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note T for details on the respirator liabilities and settlements . 
 Income Taxes 
 Our business operations are global in nature, and we are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Tax laws and tax rates vary substantially in these jurisdictions and are subject to change based on the political and economic climate in those countries. We file our tax returns in accordance with our interpretations of each jurisdiction s tax laws. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related tax assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are operational decisions, transactions, facts and circumstances, and calculations which make the ultimate tax determination uncertain. Furthermore, our tax positions are periodically subject to challenge by taxing authorities throughout the world. We have recorded reserves for taxes and associated interest and penalties when it becomes more likely than not that an amount would be payable to tax authorities in future years. Any significant impact as a result of changes in underlying facts, law, tax rates, tax audit, or review could lead to adjustments to our income tax expense, our effective tax rate, and/or our cash flow. 
 We record benefits for uncertain tax positions based on an assessment of whether the position is more likely than not to be sustained by the taxing authorities. If this threshold is not met, no tax benefit of the uncertain tax position is recognized. If the threshold is met, the tax benefit that is recognized is the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This analysis presumes the taxing authorities full knowledge of the positions taken and all relevant facts, but does not consider the time value of money. We also accrue for interest and penalties on these uncertain tax positions and include such charges in the income tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Additionally, we have established valuation allowances against a variety of deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards, foreign tax credits, and other income tax credits. Valuation allowances take into consideration our ability to use these deferred tax assets and reduce the value of such items to the amount that is deemed more likely than not to be recoverable. Our ability to utilize these deferred tax assets is determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In jurisdictions where we have a three-year cumulative loss, we utilize recent historical results in order to assess the recoverability of deferred tax assets. Where we have a three-year cumulative profit, we review our forecast of future taxable income in relation to actual results and expected future trends. We perform this review on a quarterly basis. Failure to achieve our operating income targets, may change our assessment regarding the recoverability of our net deferred tax assets and such change could result in an increase in the valuation allowance being recorded against some or all of our net deferred tax assets. An increase in a valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense, while a release of valuation allowances in periods when these tax attributes become realizable would reduce our income tax expense. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 We have other significant accounting policies that are discussed in Note A in Item 8 below. Certain of these policies include the use of estimates, but do not meet the definition of critical because they generally do not require estimates or judgments that are as difficult or subjective to measure. However, these policies are important to an understanding of the consolidated financial statements. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to the discussion in Note B of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Results of Operations 
 Cabot is organized into three reportable business segments: Reinforcement Materials, Performance Chemicals, and Purification Solutions. Cabot is also organized for operational purposes into three geographic regions: the Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa and Asia Pacific. The discussions of our results of operations for the periods presented reflect these structures. 
 Our analysis of financial condition and operating results should be read with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Unless a calendar year is specified, all references to years in this discussion are to our fiscal years ended September 30. 
 This section discusses our fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 results of operations and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. For the discussions of our fiscal 2019 results and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, refer to our discussions under the headings Results of Operations and Cash Flows and Liquidity in Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2020. 

28 

Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 When discussing our results of operations, we use several terms as described below. 
 The term product mix refers to the mix of types and grades of products sold or the mix of geographic regions where products are sold, and the positive or negative impact this has on the revenue or profitability of the business and/or segment. 
 Our discussion under the heading (Provision) Benefit for Income Taxes and Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate to Operating Tax Rate includes a discussion and reconciliation of our effective tax rate and our operating tax rate for the periods presented, as well as management s projection of our operating tax rate range for the next fiscal year. Our operating tax rate is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered as an alternative to our effective tax rate, the most comparable GAAP financial measure. The operating tax rate excludes income tax (expense) benefit on certain items and discrete tax items. The income tax (expense) benefit on certain items is determined using the applicable rates in the taxing jurisdictions in which the certain items occurred and includes both current and deferred income tax (expense) benefit based on the nature of the certain items. Discrete tax items include, but are not limited to, changes in valuation allowance, uncertain tax positions, and other tax items, such as the tax impact of legislative changes. Our definition of the operating tax rate may not be comparable to the definition used by other companies. Management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure is useful supplemental information because it helps our investors compare our tax rate year to year on a consistent basis and to understand what our tax rate on current operations would be without the impact of these items. 
 Our discussion under the heading Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 By Business Segment includes a discussion of Total segment EBIT, which is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings from affiliated companies less certain items and other unallocated items. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker, who is our President and Chief Executive Officer, uses segment EBIT to evaluate the operating results of each segment and to allocate resources to the segments. We believe Total segment EBIT, which reflects the sum of EBIT from our reportable segments, provides useful supplemental information for our investors as it is an important indicator of our operational strength and performance, allows investors to see our results through the eyes of management, and provides context for our discussion of individual business segment performance. Total segment EBIT should not be considered an alternative for Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies, which is the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure. A reconciliation of Total segment EBIT to Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies is provided under the heading Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 By Business Segment . Investors should consider the limitations associated with this non-GAAP measure, including the potential lack of comparability of this measure from one company to another. 
 In calculating Total segment EBIT, we exclude from our Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies (i) items of expense and income that management does not consider representative of our fundamental on-going segment results, which we refer to as certain items , and (ii) items that, because they are not controlled by the business segments and primarily benefit corporate objectives, are not allocated to our business segments, such as interest expense and other corporate costs, which include unallocated corporate overhead expenses such as certain corporate salaries and headquarter expenses, plus costs related to special projects and initiatives, which we refer to as other unallocated items . Management believes excluding the items identified as certain items facilitates operating performance comparisons from period to period by eliminating differences caused by the existence and timing of certain expense and income items that would not otherwise be apparent on a U.S. GAAP basis and also facilitates an evaluation of our operating performance without the impact of these costs or benefits. The items of income and expense that we have excluded from Total segment EBIT, as applicable, but that are included in our U.S. GAAP Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies, as applicable, are described below. 

Global restructuring activities, which include costs or benefits associated with cost reduction initiatives or plant closures and are primarily related to (i) employee termination costs, (ii) asset impairment charges associated with restructuring actions, (iii) costs to close facilities, including environmental costs and contract termination penalties and (iv) gains realized on the sale of land or equipment associated with restructured plants or locations. 

Non-recurring gains (losses) on foreign exchange, which primarily relate to the impact of controlled currency devaluations on our net monetary assets denominated in that currency. 

Legal and environmental matters and reserves, which consist of costs or benefits for matters typically related to former businesses or that are otherwise incurred outside of the ordinary course of business. 

Executive transition costs, which include incremental charges, including stock compensation charges, associated with the retirement or termination of employment of senior executives of the Company. 

Asset impairment charges, which primarily include charges associated with an impairment of goodwill or other long-lived assets. 

 29 

Acquisition and integration-related charges, which include transaction costs, redundant costs incurred during the period of integration, and costs associated with transitioning certain management and business processes to our processes. 

Gains (losses) on sale of investments, which primarily relate to the sale of investments accounted for using the cost method. 

Inventory reserve adjustment, which result from an evaluation performed as part of an impairment analysis. 

Indirect tax settlement credits, which includes favorable settlements resulting in the recoveries of indirect taxes. 

Gains (losses) on sale of businesses. 

Employee benefit plan settlements, which consist of either charges or benefits associated with the termination of a pension plan or the transfer of a pension plan to a multi-employer plan. 

 Drivers of Demand and Key Factors Affecting Profitability 
 Drivers of demand and key factors affecting our profitability differ by segment. In Reinforcement Materials, longer term demand is driven primarily by: i) the number of vehicle miles driven globally ii) the number of original equipment and replacement tires produced and iii) the number of automotive builds. Over the past several years, operating results have been driven by a number of factors, including: i) increases or decreases in our sales volumes driven by changes in production levels for tires or industrial rubber products and the level at which we service that demand ii) changes in raw material costs and our ability to adjust the sales price for our products commensurate with changes in raw material costs iii) changes in pricing and product mix, which includes customer pricing as well as the mix of products sold or the region in which they are sold iv) global and regional capacity utilization for carbon black v) fixed cost savings achieved through restructuring and other cost saving activities vi) the growth of our volumes and market position in emerging economies vii) capacity management and technology investments, including the impact of energy utilization and yield improvement technologies at our manufacturing facilities and viii) royalties and technology payments related to our patented elastomer composites technology that is used in tire applications. 
 In Performance Chemicals, longer term demand is driven primarily by the construction and infrastructure, automotive, electronics and consumer products industries. In recent years, operating results in Performance Chemicals have been driven by: i) increases or decreases in sales volumes to the industries previously noted ii) changes in pricing and product mix, which includes customer pricing as well as the mix of products sold or the region in which they are sold iii) our ability to deliver differentiated products that drive enhanced performance in customers applications iv) our ability to obtain value pricing for this differentiation v) the cost of new capacity vi) changes in selling prices relative to variations in the cost of raw materials and vii) the adoption of new products for use in our customers applications. 
 In Purification Solutions, longer term demand is driven primarily by the demand for activated carbon based solutions for water, gas and air, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages, catalysts and other chemical applications. Operating results in Purification Solutions have been influenced by: i) changes in our sales volumes in the various applications previously noted ii) management of our operations, including inventory levels, and the commensurate costs iii) changes in price and product mix iv) industry capacity utilization and v) implementation of cost savings initiatives as part of a transformation plan. 
 Overview of Results for Fiscal 2021 
 Our business saw a strong rebound in results of operations in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 which was adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our customers and our operations. In fiscal 2021, we saw a recovery in demand from the COVID-19 pandemic driven declines we experienced in fiscal 2020, as volumes in our Performance Chemicals segment returned to pre-COVID-19 levels, and volumes in our Reinforcement Materials segment returned to just slightly below pre-COVID-19 levels. 
 Despite this improvement in demand for our products, the duration and scope of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be uncertain as infection rates remain high in many parts of the world. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors are having a negative impact on the cost and availability of global transportation and the availability of semi-conductor chips for the automotive industry. While we expect these global supply chain disruptions and the semi-conductor chip shortage to impact our Performance Chemicals segment in the short-term, if they persist or intensify, they could further negatively impact our results. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic has also contributed to increased costs and decreased availability of labor and materials for construction projects, and these factors have increased the costs of our capital improvement projects and may delay our completion of such projects. 
 If there is a resurgence in the COVID-19 pandemic impacting our business, it could cause us to recognize write-downs or impairments for certain assets or result in a reduction in our borrowing availability under our credit agreements. These factors could also result in an adverse impact on our revenue as well as our overall profitability. 
 30 
 
 Fiscal 20 2 1 compared to Fiscal 20 20 Consolidated 
 Net Sales and Other Operating Revenues and Gross Profit 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Net sales and other operating revenues 

3,409 

2,614 

Gross profit 

799 

500 

Net sales increased by 795 million in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020. The increase in net sales was primarily driven by favorable price and product mix (combined 333 million), higher volumes 324 million), and the favorable impact from foreign currency translation 86 million). The favorable price and product mix in the Reinforcement Materials segment was due to improved product mix in all regions and higher prices from higher feedstock costs that are generally passed through to our customers. The favorable price and product mix in the Performance Chemicals segment was driven by higher sales into automotive applications and targeted growth applications and price increases to recover rising raw material and other costs. The higher volumes in fiscal 2021 were driven by stronger demand across all regions due to the recovery from demand declines in fiscal 2020 related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Gross profit increased by 299 million in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020. The gross profit increase was primarily due to higher volumes across all regions, higher unit margins in the Reinforcement Materials segment due to stronger pricing in Asia and higher unit margins in the Performance Chemicals segment due to higher demand in automotive applications and in targeted growth applications. 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Selling and administrative expenses 

289 

292 

Selling and administrative expenses decreased by 3 million in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020. The decrease was due primarily to reduced legal expenses, partially offset by an increase in incentive compensation. 
 Research and Technical Expenses 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Research and technical expenses 

56 

57 

Research and technical expenses decreased by 1 million in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Impairment Charges and Loss on Sale 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Specialty Fluids loss on sale and asset impairment charge 

1 

Marshall Mine loss on sale and asset impairment charge 

129 

The loss on sale and asset impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2020 are described in Note D of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note D ). 
 Interest and Dividend Income 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Interest and dividend income 

8 

8 

Interest and dividend income in fiscal 2021 remained flat when compared to fiscal 2020. 
 31 
 
 Interest Expense 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Interest expense 

49 

53 

Interest expense decreased by 4 million in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. The decrease was primarily due to lower average interest rates, partially offset by higher average balances. 
 Other Income (Expense) 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Other income (expense) 

(7 

(9 

Other expense decreased during fiscal 2021 by 2 million as compared to fiscal 2020. The change was primarily due to termination of the U.S. pension plan in fiscal 2020. 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes and Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate to Operating Tax Rate 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(Provision) / Benefit for Income Taxes 

Rate 

(Provision) / Benefit for Income Taxes 

Rate 

(Dollars in millions) 

Effective tax rate 1) 

(123 

30 

(191 

-587 

Less: Non-GAAP tax adjustments 2) 

(4 

(139 

Operating tax rate 

(119 

27 

(52 

28 

(1) 
 
 Refer to the reconciliation of computed tax expense at the federal statutory rate to the Provision (benefit) for income taxes in Note R. 

(2) 
 
 Non-GAAP tax adjustments made to arrive at the operating tax provision include the income tax (expense) benefit on certain items and discrete tax items, as further described above under the heading Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures . 

 For the year ended September 30, 2021, the (Provision) benefit for income taxes was a 123 million expense compared to a 191 million expense for the fiscal year 2020. Included in the non-GAAP tax adjustment for fiscal 2020 is the tax impact for a valuation allowance charge recorded against U.S. deferred tax assets, as described in Note R to our financial statements. Our income taxes are affected by the mix of earnings in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate, and the presence of valuation allowances in certain tax jurisdictions. 
 For fiscal year 2022, the Operating tax rate is expected to be in the range of 27 to 29 . We are not providing a forward-looking reconciliation of the operating tax rate range with an effective tax rate range because, without unreasonable effort, we are unable to predict with reasonable certainty the matters we would allocate to certain items, including unusual gains and losses, costs associated with future restructurings, acquisition-related expenses and litigation outcomes. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could have a material impact on the effective tax rate in future periods. 
 
 Equity in Earnings of Affiliated Companies and Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest, Net of Tax 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax 

3 

3 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, 
 net of tax 

36 

17 

Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax, was flat in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax, increased by 19 million in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to the higher profitability of our joint ventures in China and the Czech Republic. 
 32 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Cabot Corporation 
 In fiscal 2021, we reported net income attributable to Cabot Corporation of 250 million 4.34 earnings per diluted common share). In fiscal 2020, we reported a net loss attributable to Cabot Corporation of 238 million 4.21 loss per diluted common share). The increase in fiscal 2021 is primarily due to higher Segment EBIT, a 228 million expense related to the tax valuation allowance in fiscal 2020 that did not recur in fiscal 2021 as discussed in Note R, and a 129 million loss on sale and asset impairment charge in fiscal 2020 related to our manufacturing facility and our former lignite mine in Marshall, TX that did not recur in fiscal 2021 as discussed in Note D. 
 Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 By Business Segment 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies, certain items, pre-tax, other unallocated items and Total segment EBIT for fiscal 2021 and 2020 are set forth in the table below. The details of certain items and other unallocated items are shown below and in Note U of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income 
 taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies 

406 

(33 

Less: Certain items, pre-tax 

(34 

(218 

Less: Other unallocated items 

(110 

(98 

Total segment EBIT 

550 

283 

In fiscal 2021, Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies increased by 439 million and Total Segment EBIT increased by 267 million. The increase in Income (loss) before income taxes and equity earnings of affiliated companies was driven by increased Total Segment EBIT and a 129 million charge for the loss on sale and asset impairment charge during fiscal 2020 related to our manufacturing facility and our former lignite mine in Marshall, TX that did not recur. The increase in Total segment EBIT was driven by higher volumes and unit margins, partially offset by higher fixed costs in our Reinforcement Materials and Performance Chemicals segments. Higher volumes in the Reinforcement Materials 106 million) and Performance Chemicals 59 million) segments were driven by stronger demand across all regions and key end markets due to continued market recovery from the declines in demand during fiscal 2020 driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. Higher unit margins in the Reinforcement Materials segment 96 million) were primarily driven by improved pricing in Asia. Higher unit margins in the Performance Chemicals segment 54 million) were largely due to favorable product mix in our specialty carbons, specialty compounds and fumed metal oxides product lines as a result of higher demand in automotive applications and targeted growth applications. 
 Certain Items: 
 Details of the certain items for fiscal 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Indirect tax settlement credits 

12 

3 

Legal and environmental matters and reserves (Note T) 

(25 

(54 

Global restructuring activities (Note O) 

(11 

(19 

Acquisition and integration-related charges (Note C) 

(5 

(5 

Employee benefit plan settlements and other charges (Note M) 

(4 

(10 

Marshall Mine loss on sale and asset impairment charge (Note D) 

(129 

Inventory reserve adjustment 

(2 

Specialty Fluids loss on sale and asset impairment charge (Note D) 

(1 

Other certain items 

(1 

(1 

Total certain items, pre-tax 

(34 

(218 

Non-GAAP tax adjustments 

(4 

(139 

Total certain items, net of tax 

(38 

(357 

An explanation of these items of expense and income is included in our discussion under the heading Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures . 
 33 
 
 Other Unallocated Items: 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Interest expense 

(49 

(53 

Unallocated corporate costs 

(58 

(41 

General unallocated income (expense) 

(1 

Less: Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax 

3 

3 

Total other unallocated items 

(110 

(98 

A discussion of items that we refer to as other unallocated items can be found under the heading Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures . The balances of unallocated corporate costs are primarily comprised of expenditures related to managing a public company that are not allocated to the segments and corporate business development costs related to ongoing corporate projects. The balances of General unallocated income (expense) consist of gains (losses) arising from foreign currency transactions, net of other foreign currency risk management activities, interest income, dividend income, the profit or loss related to the corporate adjustment for unearned revenue, and the impact of including the full operating results of a contractual joint venture in Purification Solutions Segment EBIT. 
 In fiscal 2021, Total other unallocated items increased by 12 million when compared to fiscal 2020 due to the increase in Unallocated corporate costs for corporate projects and higher incentive compensation partially offset by the reduction in Interest income (expense). 
 Reinforcement Materials 
 Sales and EBIT for Reinforcement Materials for fiscal 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Reinforcement Materials Sales 

1,781 

1,256 

Reinforcement Materials EBIT 

329 

162 

In fiscal 2021, sales in Reinforcement Materials increased by 525 million when compared to fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily due to higher volumes 242 million), a favorable price and product mix (combined 248 million), and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation 35 million). The higher volumes in fiscal 2021 were driven by stronger demand across all regions as compared to fiscal 2020 due to demand declines resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The favorable price and product mix was primarily due to higher prices from higher feedstock costs that are generally passed through to our customers. 
 In fiscal 2021, Reinforcement Materials EBIT increased by 167 million when compared to fiscal 2020. The increase was driven by higher volumes 106 million), higher unit margins 96 million), and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation 4 million). These factors were partially offset by higher fixed costs 39 million). The higher volumes in fiscal 2021 were driven by stronger demand across all regions as compared to fiscal 2020 due to demand declines resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The higher unit margins were driven by stronger pricing in Asia. The higher fixed costs were primarily due to higher maintenance costs after deferrals in the prior year. 
 In fiscal 2022, we expect to benefit from higher pricing in our 2022 calendar year customer agreements as we believe customers are placing a premium on supply security, and higher volumes driven by robust levels of tire production. 
 Performance Chemicals 
 Sales and EBIT for Performance Chemicals for fiscal 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Performance Additives Sales 

796 

645 

Formulated Solutions Sales 

352 

288 

Performance Chemicals Sales 

1,148 

933 

Performance Chemicals EBIT 

211 

118 

In fiscal 2021, sales in Performance Chemicals increased by 215 million when compared to fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily due to higher volumes 98 million), favorable price and product mix (combined 75 million), and the favorable impact 
 34 
 
 from foreign currency translation 42 million). The higher volumes were primarily due to stronger demand across our key product lines and inventory replenishment by our customers. The favorable product mix was primarily due to higher demand in automotive applications. 
 In fiscal 2021, EBIT in Performance Chemicals increased by 93 million compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to increased volumes 59 million), higher unit margins 54 million), and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation 7 million), partially offset by higher fixed costs 29 million). Higher volumes across all product lines resulted from continuing strength in demand and inventory replenishment by our customers. Favorable unit margins were driven by higher demand in automotive applications and in targeted growth applications. Increased fixed costs were driven by increased production activity, higher depreciation from the startup of our new fumed metal oxides plant, and higher maintenance costs after deferrals in the prior year. 
 In fiscal 2022, we anticipate continued demand growth across the segment driven by lessening pandemic impacts and supply chain stabilization as we move through the fiscal year, as well as strong fundamentals in key end use industries, augmented by the high-growth areas of battery materials and inkjet in commercial and packaging printing applications. While external challenges, such as rising input costs, global supply chain disruptions and the semi-conductor chip shortage, are likely to remain in the short-term, we expect the impact to moderate as we move through the fiscal year and expect to recover rising input costs through price increases. 
 Purification Solutions 
 Sales and EBIT for Purification Solutions for fiscal 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Purification Solutions Sales 

257 

253 

Purification Solutions EBIT 

10 

3 

Sales in Purification Solutions increased by 4 million in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020 due to improved pricing and a more favorable product mix (combined 11 million) and the favorable impact from foreign currency translation 9 million), partially offset by lower volumes 16 million). The favorable price and product mix was driven by a shift towards our specialty applications. The lower volumes were primarily due to lower sales in mercury removal products. 
 EBIT in Purification Solutions increased by 7 million in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020 due to a reduction in fixed costs 14 million), partially offset by lower volumes 8 million). The reduction in fixed costs was driven by the sale of our mine in Marshall, TX and the related long-term activated carbon supply agreement. The lower volumes were primarily due to a decrease in sales of mercury removal products. 
 On November 25, 2021, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with an affiliate of funds advised by One Equity Partners OEP for the sale of our Purification Solutions business, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the agreement. We expect to close the transaction in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our liquidity position, as measured by cash and cash equivalents plus borrowing availability, decreased by 128 million during fiscal 2021, which was largely attributable to the termination of our 100 million unsecured revolving credit agreement with TD Bank, NA, as Lender which had a maturity date of September 2021 (the Canadian Credit Agreement in the second quarter of fiscal 2021, higher net working capital, and capital expenditures, partially offset by improved earnings from operations. The Canadian Credit Agreement provided liquidity for working capital and general corporate purposes for certain of our Canadian subsidiaries. We had no borrowings under this agreement during either fiscal 2021 or 2020. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 168 million and borrowing availability under our revolving credit agreements of 1.1 billion. 
 We have access to borrowings under the following two credit agreements: 

1 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement (the U.S. Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and the other lenders party thereto, which matures in August 2026, subject to two one-year options to extend the maturity, exercisable on or prior to August 6, 2022 and August 6, 2023. The U.S. Credit Agreement supports our issuance of commercial paper, and borrowings under it may be used for working capital, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. 

 35 

300 million unsecured revolving credit agreement (the Euro Credit Agreement , and together with the U.S. Credit Agreement , the Credit Agreements ), with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto, which matures in May 2024 or earlier upon maturity of the U.S. Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Euro Credit Agreement may be used for the repatriation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to the United States, the repayment of indebtedness of our foreign subsidiaries owing to us or any of our subsidiaries and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

 As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with the debt covenants under the Credit Agreements, which, with limited exceptions, generally require us to comply on a quarterly basis with a leverage test. The U.S. Credit Agreement requires a leverage ratio of net debt, with the ability to offset such debt by the lesser of (i) unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and (ii) 150 million, to consolidated EBITDA not to exceed 3.50 to 1.00. The Euro Credit Agreement required a leverage ratio of total debt to consolidated EBITDA not to exceed 3.50 to 1.00. Effective October 19, 2021, we amended the Euro Credit Agreement to include a leverage test using net debt, consistent with the U.S. Credit Agreement. 
 A significant portion of our business occurs outside the U.S. and our cash generation does not always align geographically with our cash needs. The vast majority of our cash and cash equivalent holdings tend to be held outside the U.S. Cash held by foreign subsidiaries is generally used to finance the subsidiaries operational activities and future investments. We are currently using a combination of commercial paper and borrowings from the U.S. Credit Agreement to meet our U.S. cash needs. We generally reduce our commercial paper balance and, if applicable, borrowings under our Credit Agreements, at quarter-end using cash derived from customer collections, settlement of intercompany balances and short-term intercompany loans. If additional funds are needed in the U.S., we expect to be able to repatriate funds or to access additional debt under the Credit Agreements. As of September 30, 2021, we had 71 million of commercial paper outstanding and our borrowings under the Euro Credit Agreement totaled 134 million. 
 We generally manage our cash and debt on a global basis to provide for working capital requirements as needed by region or site. Cash and debt are generally denominated in the local currency of the subsidiary holding the assets or liabilities, except where there are operational cash flow reasons to hold non-functional currency or debt. 
 We anticipate sufficient liquidity from (i) cash on hand (ii) cash flows from operating activities and (iii) cash available from the Credit Agreements and our commercial paper program to meet our operational and capital investment needs and financial obligations for the foreseeable future. The liquidity we derive from cash flows from operations is, to a large degree, predicated on our ability to collect our receivables in a timely manner, the cost of our raw materials, and our ability to manage inventory levels. 
 The following discussion of the changes in our cash balance refers to the various sections of our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities, which consists of net income adjusted for the various non-cash items included in income, changes in working capital and changes in certain other balance sheet accounts, totaled 257 million in fiscal 2021. Operating activities provided 377 million of cash in fiscal 2020. 
 Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2021 was driven by business earnings excluding the non-cash impacts of depreciation and amortization of 160 million, which was partially offset by an increase in net working capital of 222 million. The increase in net working capital was driven by an increase in accounts receivable due to higher sales and an increase in inventory driven by a higher cost of raw materials, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. Additionally, we made a cash payment of 33 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 related to the settlement of a large group of respirator claims in fiscal 2020 as discussed in Note T. 
 Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2020 was driven by business earnings excluding the non-cash impacts of depreciation and amortization of 158 million, the loss on sale and asset impairment of 129 million related to our manufacturing facility and our former lignite mine in Marshall, TX, and a deferred tax provision of 130 million which was primarily driven by a change in our tax valuation allowance. In addition, cash provided by operating activities benefited from lower net working capital balances, including a decrease in Accounts and notes receivable of 126 million, and a decrease in our Inventories of 114 million, partially offset by a decrease in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 55 million. 
 In addition to the factors noted above, the following other elements of operations have a bearing on operating cash flows: 
 Restructurings As of September 30, 2021, we had 9 million of total restructuring costs in accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to our global restructuring activities. We made cash payments of 9 million during fiscal 2021. We expect to make additional cash payments of approximately 11 million in fiscal 2022 and 4 million thereafter. 
 36 
 
 Litigation Matters A s of September 30, 202 1 , we had a 44 million reserve for existing and future respirator claims that w e expect to pay over multiple years. During fiscal 2020, we settled a large group of respirator claims for 65 million. We paid half of this settlement during fiscal 2020, and the remain der in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 . We also have other lawsuits, claims and contingent liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Investing activities consumed 186 million of cash in fiscal 2021 compared to 288 million in fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021, the use of cash by investing activities primarily consisted of 195 million of capital expenditures for sustaining and compliance capital projects at our operating facilities as well as growth-related capital, including a capacity expansion project in Performance Chemicals. 
 In fiscal 2020, the use of cash by investing activities primarily consisted of 200 million of capital expenditures for sustaining and compliance capital projects at our operating facilities as well as capacity expansion capital expenditures in Reinforcement Materials and Performance Chemicals, an 84 million payment, net of cash acquired, for the SUSN acquisition in April 2020 and an 8 million payment for the plant that we acquired from NSCC in September 2018. 
 Capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 are expected to be between 225 million and 250 million. Our planned capital spending program for fiscal 2022 is primarily for sustaining, compliance and improvement capital projects at our operating facilities as well as capacity expansion capital expenditures in Performance Chemicals. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Financing activities consumed 60 million of cash in fiscal 2021 compared to 132 million in fiscal 2020. The use of cash by financing activities in fiscal 2021 primarily consisted of dividend payments to stockholders of 80 million, dividend payments to noncontrolling interests of 19 million, and net repayments of long-term debt of 22 million, which consisted of proceeds of 200 million less repayments of 222 million, partially offset by net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper of 58 million. 
 The use of cash by financing activities in fiscal 2020 primarily consisted of dividend payments to stockholders of 80 million, share repurchases of 44 million, dividend payments to noncontrolling interests of 26 million, the repayment of 16 million of long-term debt and the net repayment of 19 million of commercial paper, partially offset by the net proceeds from borrowings under our revolvers of 50 million, which includes proceeds of 444 million less repayments of 394 million. 
 At September 30, 2021, we had 1.1 billion of availability under our Credit Agreements. Although we typically have an outstanding commercial paper balance during the quarter, we generally reduce the balance at quarter-end through cash receipts from collections, settlement of intercompany balances and short-term intercompany loans. There was 71 million and 14 million of commercial paper outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our long-term total debt, of which 373 million is current, matures at various times as presented in Note I of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our current plan is to refinance the 350 million in registered notes with a coupon of 3.7 that mature in July of 2022 during the first half of calendar 2022. The weighted-average interest rate on our fixed rate long-term debt was 3.84 as of September 30, 2021. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In fiscal 2018, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to 10 million shares of common stock. We did not repurchase any shares during fiscal 2021. We repurchased 0.9 million shares of our common stock on the open market for 39 million during fiscal 2020. Additionally, during both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 we repurchased 0.1 million shares of our common stock associated with employee tax obligations on stock-based compensation awards for 3 million and 5 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 5 million shares available for repurchase under the Board of Directors share repurchase authorization. 
 Dividend Payments 
 In both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, we paid cash dividends on our common stock of 1.40 per share, respectively. These cash dividend payments totaled 80 million in both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had a consolidated pension obligation, net of the fair value of plan assets, of 51 million, comprised of 7 million for pension benefit plan liabilities and 44 million for postretirement benefit plan liabilities. 
 37 
 
 The 7 million of unfunded pension benefit plan liabilities is derived as follows: 

U.S. 

Foreign 

Total 

(In millions) 

Fair value of plan assets 

217 

217 

Benefit obligation 

3 

221 

224 

Funded (unfunded) status 

(3 

(4 

(7 

In fiscal 2021, we made cash contributions totaling 5 million to our pension benefit plans. In fiscal 2022, we expect to make cash contributions of 3 million to our pension plans. 
 The 44 million of unfunded postretirement benefit plan liabilities is comprised of 25 million for our U.S. and 19 million for our foreign postretirement benefit plans. These postretirement benefit plans provide certain health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees. Typical of such plans, our postretirement plans are unfunded and, therefore, have no plan assets. We fund these plans as claims or insurance premiums come due. In fiscal 2021, we paid postretirement benefits of 3 million. For fiscal 2022, our benefit payments for our postretirement plans are expected to be 3 million. 
 In fiscal 2019, our Board of Directors approved a resolution to terminate the U.S. pension plan. We commenced the U.S. plan termination process during the third quarter of fiscal 2019 and completed the transfer of the U.S. plan s assets to participants during fiscal 2021. The pension liability was settled through a combination of lump-sum payments and purchased annuities, neither of which required an additional cash contribution. In fiscal 2020, we recognized a settlement loss of 3 million related to lump-sum payments made to participants who elected this option, which was recorded in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In fiscal 2021, we recognized an additional 4 million settlement loss in Other income (expense) related to the final asset transfers through purchased annuities. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table sets forth our long-term contractual obligations. 

Payments Due by Fiscal Year 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

(In millions) 

Purchase commitments 

260 

186 

186 

185 

187 

1,786 

2,790 

Long-term debt 

369 

134 

250 

308 

1,061 

Fixed interest on long-term debt 

36 

21 

21 

21 

21 

37 

157 

Variable interest on long-term debt 

2 

2 

1 

5 

Finance leases 1) 

5 

5 

5 

4 

4 

18 

41 

Operating leases 1) 

16 

14 

11 

10 

9 

57 

117 

Total 

688 

228 

358 

220 

471 

2,206 

4,171 

(1) 
 
 Lease liabilities include interest. 

 Purchase Commitments 
 We have entered into long-term, volume-based purchase agreements primarily for the purchase of raw materials and natural gas with various key suppliers for all of our business segments. Under certain of these agreements the quantity of material being purchased is fixed, but the price we pay changes as market prices change. For purposes of the table above, current purchase prices have been used to quantify total commitments. We have also entered into long-term purchase agreements primarily for services related to information technology, which are not included in the table above, that total 7 million as of September 30, 2021, the majority of which is expected to be paid within the next 5 years. 
 Leases 
 We have entered into various leases as the lessee, primarily related to certain transportation vehicles, warehouse facilities, office space, and machinery and equipment. These leases have remaining lease terms between one and eighteen years, some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to fifteen years or options to terminate the leases. Our land leases have remaining lease terms up to sixty-nine years. 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 We are exposed to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates because we finance certain operations through long- and short-term borrowings and denominate our transactions in a variety of foreign currencies. Changes in these rates may have an impact on future cash flows and earnings. We manage these risks through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. 
 38 
 
 We have policies governing our use of derivative instruments, and we do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 By using derivative instruments, we are subject to credit and market risk. The derivative instruments are booked in our balance sheet at fair value and reflect the asset or liability position as of September 30, 2021. If a counterparty fails to fulfill its performance obligations under a derivative contract, our exposure will equal the fair value of the derivative. Generally, when the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes Cabot, thus creating a payment risk for Cabot. We minimize counterparty credit or repayment risk by entering into these transactions with major financial institutions of investment grade credit rating. Our exposure to market risk is not hedged in a manner that completely eliminates the effects of changing market conditions on earnings or cash flow. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our international operations are subject to certain risks, including currency exchange rate fluctuations and government actions. We have cross-currency swaps designated as hedges of our net investments in certain Euro denominated subsidiaries. The following table summarizes the principal terms of our cross-currency swaps, including the aggregate notional amount of the swaps, the interest rate payment we receive from and pay to our swap counterparties, the term and fair value at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 

Description 

Notional Amount 

Interest Rate Received 

Interest Rate Paid 

Fiscal Year Entered Into 

Maturity Year 

Fair Value at September 30, 2021 

Fair Value at September 30, 2020 

Cross Currency Swaps 

USD 250 million swapped to EUR 223 million 

3.40 

1.94 

2016 

2026 

3 million 

(1) million 

We also have foreign currency exposures arising from the denomination of monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies other than the functional currency of a given subsidiary as well as the risk that currency fluctuations could affect the dollar value of future cash flows generated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, we use short-term forward contracts to minimize the exposure to foreign currency risk. At September 30, 2021, we had 48 million in notional foreign currency contracts, which were denominated in Indonesian rupiah and Czech koruna . These forwards had a fair value of less than 1 million as of September 30, 2021. At September 30, 2020, we had 54 million in notional foreign currency contracts, which were denominated in Canadian dollar, Indonesian rupiah and Czech koruna. These forwards had a fair value of less than 1 million as of September 30, 2020. 
 In certain situations where we have forecasted purchases under a long-term commitment or forecasted sales denominated in a foreign currency we may enter into appropriate financial instruments in accordance with our risk management policy to hedge future cash flow exposures. 
 The primary currencies for which we have exchange rate exposure are the Euro, Chinese Yuan, Columbian Peso and Argentine Peso. In fiscal 2021, foreign currency translations in the aggregate increased our business segment EBIT by 10 million, the majority of which affected the results of the Performance Chemicals segment. In fiscal 2020, foreign currency translations in the aggregate did not have a material impact on our business segment EBIT. We recognized a net foreign exchange loss of 6 million in Other income (expense) in fiscal 2021 from the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities from transactional currencies to functional currency, largely attributable to changes in the value of the Argentine Peso and to a lesser extent Czech Koruna and Mexican Peso. In fiscal 2020, we recognized a net foreign exchange loss of 6 million in Other income (expense) from the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities from transactional currencies to functional currency, largely attributable to changes in the value of the Argentine Peso, Brazilian Real, Czech Koruna and Indonesian Rupiah, partially offset by favorable movements in the Colombian Peso during fiscal 2020. 

39 

Item 8 . 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Description 
 
 Page 

(1) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 41 

(2) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 42 

(3) 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 43 

(4) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 45 

(5) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 46 

(6) 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 47 

(7) 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 85 

40 

CABOT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

2019 

(In millions, except per share amounts) 

Net sales and other operating revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling and administrative expenses 

Research and technical expenses 

Specialty Fluids loss on sale and asset impairment charge (Note D) 

Marshall Mine loss on sale and asset impairment charge (Note D) 

Income (loss) from operations 

Interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

Other income (expense) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and 
 equity in earnings of affiliated companies 

(Provision) benefit for income taxes 

Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax 
 of , and 

Net income (loss) attributable to Cabot Corporation 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Earnings (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 41 

CABOT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

2019 

(In millions) 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

Derivatives: net investment hedges 

(Gains) losses reclassified to interest expense, net of tax 

(Gains) losses excluded from effectiveness testing and amortized to 
 interest expense, net of tax 

Pension and other postretirement benefit liability adjustments, 
 net of tax 

Specialty Fluids divestiture 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of , and 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustment attributable to noncontrolling 
 interests, net of tax 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Cabot Corporation 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 42 

CABOT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 ASSETS 

September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions, except 
 share and per share amounts) 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts and notes receivable, net of reserve for doubtful accounts of and 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Goodwill 

Equity affiliates 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred income taxes 

Other assets 

Total assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 43 
 
 CABOT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions, except 
 share and per share amounts) 

Current liabilities: 

Short-term borrowings 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Deferred income taxes 

Other liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note T) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock: 

Authorized: shares of par value, Issued and Outstanding: and 

Common stock: 

Authorized: shares of par value, Issued: and shares, Outstanding: and shares 

Less cost of and shares of common treasury stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total Cabot Corporation stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

44 

CABOT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

2019 

(In millions) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Marshall Mine loss on sale and asset impairment charge 

Specialty Fluids loss on sale and asset impairment charge 

Impairment of investment in equity affiliate 

Deferred tax provision (benefit) 

Employee benefit plan settlement 

Equity in net income of affiliated companies 

Non-cash compensation 

Other non-cash (income) expense 

Cash dividends received from equity affiliates 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and notes receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Other liabilities 

Cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of business 

Cash paid for acquisition of business, net of cash acquired of , and 

Other 

Cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Borrowings under financing arrangements 

Repayments under financing arrangements 

Proceeds from (repayments of) issuance of commercial paper, net 

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Repayments of redeemable preferred stock 

Purchases of common stock 

Proceeds from sales of common stock 

Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

Cash dividends paid to common stockholders 

Cash used in financing activities 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash 

Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

The following table presents the Company s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash by category within the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash classified within Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Non-cash investing activities and supplemental cash flow information: 

Additions to property, plant and equipment included in Accounts payable and accrued 
 liabilities 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 
 
 45 

CABOT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions, except shares in thousands and per share amounts) 

Common Stock, Net of Treasury Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Retained 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Total Cabot Corporation Stockholders 

Noncontrolling 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Cost 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Equity 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at September 30, 2018 

Net income (loss) 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

Acquisition of noncontrolling interest 

Cash dividends declared to noncontrolling interests 

Cash dividends paid to common stockholders, per 
 share 

Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans 

Amortization of share-based compensation 

Purchase and retirement of common stock 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

Net income (loss) 

Adoption of accounting standards 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

Cash dividends declared to noncontrolling interests 

Cash dividends paid to common stockholders, per 
 share 

Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans 

Amortization of share-based compensation 

Purchase and retirement of common stock 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Net income (loss) 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

Cash dividends declared to noncontrolling interests 

Cash dividends paid to common stockholders, per 
 share 

Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans 

Amortization of share-based compensation 

Purchase and retirement of common stock 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 and of the affiliate, are accounted for using the equity method. Cabot records its share of the equity affiliate s results of operations based on its percentage of ownership of the affiliate. Dividends declared from equity affiliates are a return on investment and are recorded as a reduction to the equity investment value. In fiscal 2019, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million related to its Venezuelan equity investment, which is included in Other income (expense) within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Cabot had equity affiliate investments of million an d million, respectively. Dividends declared and received from these investments were million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 47 
 and , and , and and , respectively. The cost and accumulated depreciation for property, plant and equipment sold, retired, or otherwise disposed of are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and resulting gains or losses are included in earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expenses as incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments, which significantly extend the useful lives of existing plant and equipment, are capitalized and depreciated. 
 Cabot capitalizes interest costs when they are part of the cost of acquiring and constructing certain assets that require a period of time to prepare for their intended use. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, Cabot capitalized million, million and million of interest costs, respectively. These amounts are amortized over the lives of the related assets when they are placed in service. million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities and Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 48 
 million is included in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and in fiscal 2019, net foreign currency gain of less than million is included in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 49 
 . 
 Shipping and handling activities that occur after the transfer of control to the customer are billed to customers and are recorded as sales revenue, as the Company considers these to be fulfillment costs. Shipping and handling costs are expensed in the period incurred and included in Cost of sales within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Taxes collected on sales to customers are excluded from the transaction price. 
 The Company generally provides a warranty that its products will substantially conform to the identified specifications. The Company s liability typically is limited to either a credit equal to the purchase price or replacement of the non-conforming product. Returns under warranty have historically been immaterial. 
 The Company does not have contract assets or liabilities that are material. 
 When the period of time between the transfer of control of the goods and the time the customer pays for the goods is one year or less, the Company does not consider there to be a significant financing component associated with the contract. million Chinese Renminbi RMB ( million) and million RMB million) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Accounts and notes receivable on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cabot periodically sells a portion of these bank notes and other customer receivables at a discount and such sales are accounted for as asset sales. The Company does not have any continuing involvement with these notes or other customer receivables after the sale. The difference between the proceeds from the sale and the carrying value of these assets is recognized as a loss on the sale of receivables and is included in Other income (expense) in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. During both fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded charges of million for the sale of these assets. During fiscal 2019, the Company recorded a charge of million for the sale of these assets. 
 Cabot maintains allowances for doubtful accounts based on an assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts, the aging of accounts receivable and other economic information on both a historical and prospective basis. Customer account balances are charged against the allowance when it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. There were material changes in the allowance for any of the years presented. There is no material off-balance sheet credit exposure related to customer receivable balances. 50 
 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This analysis presumes the taxing authorities full knowledge of the positions taken and all relevant facts, but does not consider the time value of money. The Company also accrues for interest and penalties on its uncertain tax positions and includes such charges in its income tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 51 
 million, consisting of: (i) cash consideration of million, net of million acquired (ii) contingent consideration of million to be paid over the two-year period ending March 31, 2022 upon the satisfaction of certain milestones, and (iii) the assumed debt of million. The debt the Company assumed in the transaction was repaid in June 2020. The operating results of SUSN were included in the results of the Company's Performance Chemicals segment beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, and revenue totaled million in the second half of fiscal 2020. 

Accounts Receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax asset 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Cash consideration paid 

As part of the purchase price allocation, the Company determined the separately identifiable intangible assets are comprised of developed technologies of million, which are amortized over , customer relationships of million, which are amortized over , and trademarks of million, which are amortized over . The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recognized is attributable to the growth and operating synergies that the Company expects to realize from this acquisition. Goodwill generated from the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 52 
 
 million. The Company recognized a pre-tax loss on the sale of the Specialty Fluids business of million in fiscal 2019 and a million impairment charge during the second quarter of fiscal 2019. T he sale was subject to customary post-closing adjustments, which were finalized during the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and resulted in an additional pre-tax loss on sale of million. The sale of the Specialty Fluids business did not meet the criteria to be reported as a discontinued operation as it did not constitute a significant strategic business shift for the Company, and had no major effect on operations. 
 Sale of Marshall Mine 
 On September 30, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its lignite mine located in Marshall, Texas to ADA Carbon Solutions, LLC ADACS for a nominal amount. As part of the transaction, the Company agreed to fund a portion of the costs ADACS expects to incur to close the mine and included million for these costs in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities and Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The majority of these costs are to be paid within the next or at the time of a change of control of the business. At the sa me time, Cabot idled its activation kilns at its manufacturing facility in Marshall, Texas. The Company continues certain operational activities including washing of activated carbon, as well as packaging and warehousing operations at its Marshall facility. In fiscal 2020, the Company recognized a pre-tax loss on the sale of the mine of million and an impairment charge to certain idled fixed assets of million. 
 In conjunction with the sale, the Company entered into a long-term supply agreement with ADACS, a producer of lignite-based activated carbon. Under the terms of this agreement, ADACS manufactures and supplies the Purification Solutions business s proprietary portfolio of lignite-based activated carbon products exclusively to the Company. 

Finished goods 

Other 1) 

Total 

At September 30, 2021 and 2020, total inventory reserves were million and million, respectively. 

Buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Other 

Construction in progress 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Depreciation expense for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 53 
 
 : 

Foreign currency impact 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

(1) 
 million of accumulated impairment losses associated with the goodwill of Purification Solutions segment. There were accumulated impairment losses associated with the goodwill of the Reinforcement Materials or Performance Chemicals segments. 

Trademarks 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which range between and , with a weighted average amortization period of years . Amortization expense for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively, and is included in Cost of sales, Selling and administrative expenses, and Research and technical expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total amortization expense is estimated to be approximately million each year for the next five fiscal years. 

Accrued employee compensation 

Accrued legal expenses 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total 

54 

Revolving Credit Facility - Euro, expires fiscal 

Total variable rate debt 

Fixed Rate Debt: 

Notes due fiscal 

Notes due fiscal 

Notes due fiscal 

Medium Term Notes: 

Notes due fiscal , 

Notes due fiscal , 

Total Medium Term Notes 

Chinese Renminbi Debt, due fiscal 2022, 

Total fixed rate debt 

Finance lease obligations (Note S) 

Unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discount 

Total debt 

Less current portion of long-term debt 

Total long-term debt 

Revolving Credit Facility, expiring fiscal 2026 In August 2021, the Company entered into a revolving credit agreement (the U.S. Credit Agreement with a loan commitment not to exceed billion. The amount available for borrowing under the U.S. Credit Agreement was million as of September 30, 2021, and the weighted average interest rate on the outstanding balance during the year was . The U.S. Credit Agreement, which matures on , subject to one-year options to extend the maturity, exercisable on or prior to August 6, 2022 and August 6, 2023, supports the Company s commercial paper program. Borrowings may be used for working capital, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. The U.S. Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants, the financial debt covenants described below, and annual sustainability performance targets related to the Company s reduction in its nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide emissions intensity, the achievement of which may adjust pricing under the U.S. Credit Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Facility-Euro, expiring fiscal 2024 In May 2019, several subsidiaries entered into a revolving credit agreement with a loan commitment not to exceed million Euros. The amount available for borrowing under this revolving credit agreement was million as of September 30, 2021, and the weighted average interest rate on the outstanding balance during the year was . The revolving credit agreement, which matures on the earlier of (i) and (ii) the date of maturity, termination or expiration of the corporate revolving credit facility, may be used for repatriation of earnings of Cabot s foreign subsidiaries to the U.S., the repayment of indebtedness of the Company s foreign subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. The obligations of the subsidiaries under the revolving credit agreement are guaranteed by the Company. The Company paid debt issuance costs of million upon entering the agreement, which are being amortized over the life of the revolver. 
 Effective October 19, 2021, the same subsidiaries amended and restated the 2019 revolving credit agreement (the Euro Credit Agreement to align with the customary LIBOR replacement language and the financial leverage test covenant recently adopted in the U.S. Credit Agreement. The amount of the loan commitment, maturity date, acceptable use of funds, and guarantee by the Company are unchanged from the prior agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Facility-Canada, expiring fiscal 2021 During the second quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company s Canadian subsidiary terminated its million unsecured revolving credit agreement, which had a maturity date of . The Canadian Credit Agreement provided liquidity for working capital and general corporate purposes for certain of Cabot s Canadian subsidiaries. The Company had borrowings under this agreement during either fiscal 2021 or 2020. 
 55 
 million , to consolidated EBITDA not to exceed to . The Euro Credit Agreement Facility require d a leverage ratio of total debt to consolidated EBITDA not to exceed to . Effective October 19, 2021, the Company amended the agreement to reflect a leverage test using net debt, consistent with the U.S. Credit Agreement . 
 Chinese Renminbi Debt The Company s consolidated Chinese subsidiaries had million of unsecured long-term debt outstanding with a noncontrolling shareholder of a consolidated subsidiary as of both September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 3.7 Notes due fiscal In July 2012, Cabot issued million in registered notes with a coupon of that mature on . These notes are unsecured and pay interest on January 15 and July 15. The net proceeds of this offering were million after deducting discounts and issuance costs. The discount of less than million was recorded at issuance and is being amortized over the life of the notes. The Company plans to refinance the notes during the first half of calendar 2022. 
 3.4 Notes due fiscal In September 2016, Cabot issued million in registered notes with a coupon of that mature on . These notes are unsecured and pay interest on March 15 and September 15. The net proceeds of this offering were million after deducting discounts and issuance costs. The discount of less than million was recorded at issuance and is being amortized over the life of the notes. 
 4.0 Notes due fiscal In June 2019, Cabot issued million in registered, unsecured, notes with a coupon of that mature on . Interest is payable under the notes semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 commencing in January 2020. The net proceeds of this offering were million after deducting discounts and issuance costs of million and million, respectively, which were paid at issuance and are being amortized over the life of the notes. 
 Medium Term Notes At both September 30, 2021 and 2020, there were million, of unsecured medium term notes outstanding issued to numerous lenders with various fixed interest rates and maturity dates. The weighted average maturity of the total outstanding medium term notes is years with a weighted average interest rate of . 
 Finance Lease obligations See Note S for a discussion of the Company s leases. 
 Future Years Payment Schedule 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Standby letters of credit At September 30, 2021, the Company had provided standby letters of credit that were outstanding and not drawn totaling million, which expire through fiscal . 
 Short-term Borrowings 
 Commercial Paper The Company has a commercial paper program and the maximum aggregate balance of commercial paper notes outstanding and the amounts borrowed under the revolving credit facility may not exceed the borrowing capacity of billion under the revolving credit facility. The proceeds from the issuance of the commercial paper have been used for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, refinancing existing indebtedness, capital expenditures, share repurchases, and acquisitions. The revolving credit facility is available to repay the outstanding commercial paper, if necessary . 
 There was an outstanding balance of commercial paper of million as of September 30, 2021 with a weighted average interest rate of and an outstanding balance of million as of September 30, 2020 with a weighted average interest rate of . 
 
 56 
 
 transfers of financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value between Level 1 and Level 2, and there were Level 3 investments during fiscal 2021 or 2020. 
 At both September 30, 2021 and 2020, Cabot had derivatives relating to foreign currency risks carried at fair value. At September 30, 2021, the fair value of these derivatives was a net asset of million and was included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets, Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At September 30, 2020, the fair value of these derivatives was a net liability of million and was included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These derivatives are classified as Level 2 instruments within the fair value hierarchy as the fair value determination was based on observable inputs. 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of Guaranteed investment contracts, included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was million and million, respectively. Guaranteed investment contracts were classified as Level 2 instruments within the fair value hierarchy as the fair value determination was based on other observable inputs. 
 At both September 30, 2021 and 2020, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and short term borrowings and variable rate debt approximated their carrying values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value and fair value of the long-term fixed rate debt were billion and billion, respectively, as of September 30, 2021 and billion and billion, respectively, as of September 30, 2020. The fair values of Cabot s fixed rate long-term debt are estimated based on comparable quoted market prices at the respective period ends. The carrying amounts of Cabot s floating rate long-term debt and finance lease obligations approximate their fair values. All such measurements are based on observable inputs and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The valuation technique used is the discounted cash flow model. 
 significant concentration of credit risk existed at September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 Cabot s objective is to maintain a certain fixed-to-variable interest rate mix on the Company s debt obligations. Cabot may enter into interest rate swaps as a hedge of the underlying debt instruments to effectively change the characteristics of the interest rate without changing the debt instrument. As of both September 30, 2021 and 2020, there were derivatives held to manage interest rate risk. 
 57 

Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 The Company determines the fair value of financial instruments using quoted market prices whenever available. When quoted market prices are not available for various types of financial instruments (such as forwards, options and swaps), the Company uses standard models with market-based inputs, which take into account the present value of estimated future cash flows and the ability of Cabot or the financial counterparty to perform. For interest rate and cross-currency swaps, the significant inputs to these models are interest rate curves for discounting future cash flows and are adjusted for credit risk. For forward foreign currency contracts, the significant inputs are interest rate curves for discounting future cash flows, and exchange rate curves of the foreign currency for translating future cash flows. 
 Fair Value Hedge 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in current period earnings. 
 Cash Flow Hedge 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in AOCI and reclassified to earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in current period earnings. 
 Net Investment Hedge 
 For net investment hedges, changes in the fair value of the effective portion of the derivatives gains or losses are reported as CTA in AOCI while changes in the ineffective portion are reported in earnings. Effectiveness is assessed based on the hypothetical derivative method. The gains or losses on derivative instruments reported in AOCI are reclassified to earnings in the period in which earnings are affected by the underlying item, such as a disposal or substantial liquidations of the entities being hedged. 
 58 
 million, which are designated as hedges of its net investments in certain Euro denominated subsidiaries. Cash settlements occur on March 15 th and September 15 th for fixed rate interest payments and a cash exchange of the notional currency amount will occur at the end of the term in 2026. During both fiscal 20 2 1 and fiscal 20 20 , the Company received net cash interest of million and million , respectively . As of September 30, 202 1 , the fair value of these swaps was a n asset of million and was included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets , and the cumulative gain of million was included in AOCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 20 20 , the fair value of these swaps was a net liability of million and was included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other liabilities , and the cumulative gain of million was included in AOCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Other Derivative Instruments 
 From time to time, the Company may enter into certain derivative instruments that may not be designated as hedges for accounting purposes, which may include cross-currency swaps, foreign currency forward contracts and commodity derivatives. For cross-currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedges, the Company uses standard models with market-based inputs. The significant inputs to these models are interest rate curves for discounting future cash flows, and exchange rate curves of the foreign currency for translating future cash flows. In determining the fair value of the commodity derivatives, the significant inputs to valuation models are quoted market prices of similar instruments in active markets. Although these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, Cabot believes that such instruments are closely correlated with the underlying exposure, thus managing the associated risk. The gains or losses from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not accounted for as hedges are recognized in current period earnings. 
 At both September 30, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of derivative instruments not designated as hedges were immaterial. At September 30, 2021, these instruments were presented in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At September 30, 2020, these instruments were presented in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 million for clean-up costs and inventory and fixed asset impairments, and simultaneously recognized a fully offsetting loss recovery from expected insurance proceeds, as the Company expects insurance proceeds in excess of the incurred costs and policy deductibles. Accordingly, there is no net current period earnings impact related to these costs recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal 2021. The flood-related expenses and loss recovery are both included within Cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in fiscal 2021. 
 The Company currently estimates additional charges and repair expenditures for the damages will be in a range of million to million, which is expected to be offset by insurance recoveries. 
 As of September 30, 2021, Cabot has received insurance proceeds of million, of which million is included in Cash provided by operating activities and million is included in Cash provided by investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2021. 
 59 
 
 million for the U.S. defined benefit plan and million for the foreign plans as of September 30, 2021 and million for the U.S. defined benefit plans and million for the foreign plans as of September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2021, the remaining U.S. defined benefit plan is the frozen Supplemental Cash Balance Plan. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Plan participants contribution 

Foreign currency exchange rate 
 changes 

(Gain) loss from changes in actuarial 
 assumptions and plan experience 

Benefits paid 

Settlements or curtailments 

Other 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

Pension Benefits 

Postretirement Benefits 

U.S. 

Foreign 

U.S. 

Foreign 

U.S. 

Foreign 

U.S. 

Foreign 

(In millions) 

Change in Plan Assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning 
 of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

Employer contribution 

Plan participants contribution 

Foreign currency exchange rate 
 changes 

Benefits paid 

Settlements or curtailments 

Expenses paid from assets 

Other 

Fair value of plan assets at end 
 of year 

Funded status 

Recognized asset (liability) 

60 

Rate of increase in compensation 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Cash balance interest credit rate 

Actuarial assumptions used to determine net 
 periodic benefit cost during the year: 

Discount rate - benefit obligation 

Discount rate - service cost 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Discount rate - interest cost 

Expected long-term rate of return on 
 plan assets 

N/A 

Rate of increase in compensation 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Cash balance interest credit rate 

Initial health care cost trend rate 

Actuarial assumptions used to determine 
 net cost during the year: 

Discount rate - benefit obligation 

Discount rate - service cost 

Discount rate - interest cost 

Initial health care cost trend rate 

61 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net prior service credit 

Balance in accumulated other 
 comprehensive income (loss), pretax 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 - 2030 

Postretirement medical benefits are unfunded and impact Cabot s cash flows as benefits become due, which is expected to be million in fiscal 2022. The Company expects to contribute million to its pension plans in fiscal 2022. 62 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan 
 assets 

Amortization of prior 
 service cost 

Amortization of net losses 

Settlements or 
 curtailments cost 

Other 

Net periodic (benefit) cost 

Prior service (credit) cost 

Amortization of prior 
 service credit 

Amortization of prior 
 unrecognized loss 

Loss on divestiture 

Settlements or 
 curtailments cost 

Net changes recognized in 
 Total other comprehensive 
 (income) loss (1) 

million, a tax provision of less than million, and a tax benefit of million for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 , respectively. 
 
 In fiscal 2019, the Company adjusted the assumptions in its U.K. plan to calculate accrued benefits for a portion of the plan s participants. As a result of this change, a prior service cost of million was recorded in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Settlements of Employee Benefit Plans 
 In fiscal 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved a resolution to terminate the U.S. pension plan. The Company commenced the U.S. plan termination process during the third quarter of 2019 and completed the transfer of the U.S. plan s assets in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. The pension liability was settled through a combination of lump-sum payments and purchased annuities, neither of which required an additional cash contribution. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company recognized a settlement loss of million related to lump-sum payments made to participants who elected this option, which was recorded in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In fiscal 2021, the company recognized an additional million settlement loss in Other income (expense) related to the final asset transfers through purchased annuities. 
 In fiscal 2019, the Company transferred the majority of the defined benefit obligations and pension plan assets in of its foreign defined benefit plans to a multi-employer plan. This action moved the administrative, asset custodial, asset investment, actuarial, communication and benefit payment obligations to the multi-employer fund administrator. As a result of the transfer, a pre-tax gain of million was recorded in fiscal 2019, which is included in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, as part of the transfer, the Company recorded a million charge in fiscal 2019 reflecting the Company s agreement to fund the actuarial loss gap between the terminated plan and the multi-employer plan. This charge is included Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In fiscal 2021 and 2020, Cabot s pension benefit obligations decreased by million and million, respectively, which was driven by the U.S. pension plan termination and settlement discussed above. 
 63 

Debt securities 

Real estate 

Cash and other securities 

Total 

To develop the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, the Company used a capital asset pricing model. The model considers the current level of expected returns on risk-free investments comprised of government bonds, the historical level of the risk premium associated with the other asset classes in which the portfolio is invested, and the expectations for future returns for each asset class. The expected return for each asset class was then weighted based on the target asset allocation to develop the expected long-term rate of return for each plan. 
 Cabot s investment strategy for each of its foreign defined benefit plans is generally based on a set of investment objectives and policies that cover time horizons and risk tolerance levels consistent with plan liabilities. Periodic studies are performed to determine the asset mix that will meet pension obligations at a reasonable cost to the Company. The assets of the defined benefit plans are comprised principally of investments in equity and high-quality fixed income securities, which are broadly diversified across the capitalization and style spectrum and are managed using both active and passive strategies. The weighted average target asset allocation for the foreign plans is in equity, in fixed income, in real estate, and in cash and other securities. 
 For pension plan assets classified as Level 1 measurements (measured using quoted prices in active markets), total fair value is either the price of the most recent trade at the time of the market close or the official close price, as defined by the exchange on which the asset is most actively traded on the last trading day of the period, multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. 
 For pension plan assets classified as Level 2 measurements, where the security is frequently traded in less active markets, fair value is based on the closing price at the end of the period where the security is less frequently traded, fair value is based on the price a dealer would pay for the security or similar securities, adjusted for any terms specific to that asset or liability. Market inputs are obtained from well-established and recognized vendors of market data and subjected to tolerance/quality checks. 64 

Direct investments: 

U.S government bonds 

U.S. corporate bonds 

Non-U.S. equities 

Non-U.S. government bonds 

Non-U.S. corporate bonds 

Mortgage backed securities 

Other fixed income 

Total direct investments 

Investment funds: 

Equity funds 1) 

Fixed income funds 2) 

Real estate funds 3) 

Cash equivalent funds 

Total investment funds 

Alternative investments: 

Insurance contracts 4) 

Other alternative investments 

Total alternative investments 

Total pension plan assets 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

Defined Contribution Plans 
 In addition to benefits provided under the defined benefit and postretirement benefit plans, the Company provides benefits under defined contribution plans. Cabot recognized expenses related to these plans of million in fiscal 2021, million in fiscal 2020, and million in fiscal 2019. 
 
 shares of common stock. It is the only equity incentive plan under which the Company may grant equity awards to employees. 
 65 
 of the market price of Cabot s common stock on the date of grant, generally vest over a period on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant and on the third anniversary of the date of grant) and have a ten-year term. The restricted stock units generally vest from the date of the grant. The number of shares issuable, if any, when a performance-based restricted stock unit award vests will depend on the degree of achievement of the corporate performance metrics for each year within the three-year performance period of the award. Accordingly, future compensation costs associated with outstanding awards of performance-based restricted stock units may increase or decrease based on the probability of the Company achieving the performance metrics. 
 Stock-based employee compensation expense was million, million and million, after tax, for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Selling and administrative expenses 

Research and technical expenses 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Income tax benefit 

Net stock-based compensation expense 

As of September 30, 2021, Cabot had million and million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units and options, respectively, granted under the Company s equity incentive plans. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately for restricted stock units and options. 
 Equity Incentive Plan Activity 

Granted 

Performance-based adjustment 2) 

Exercised / Vested 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 (3) 

Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 
 
 years . 

(4) 
 
 and at September 30, 2021 and 2020 and their weighted average grant date fair values were and , respectively. 

66 

Stock Options 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value for all options outstanding and options exercisable was million. The intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million , nominal and million, respectively, and the Company received cash of million, million and million, respectively, from these exercises. The Company recognized immaterial tax benefits in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 from the exercise of stock options which were included in (Provision) benefit for income taxes within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of the options at the grant date. The weighted average grant date fair values of options granted during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , , and per option, respectively. 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected life of options (years) 

6 

6 

6 

Expected annual dividends per year 

The expected stock price volatility assumption was determined using the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the expected life of the option. The expected term reflects the anticipated time period between the measurement date and the exercise date or post-vesting cancellation date. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The value of restricted stock unit awards is the closing stock price at the date of the grant. The weighted average grant date fair values of restricted stock unit awards granted during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , , and , respectively. The intrinsic value of restricted stock units (meaning the fair value of the units on the date of vesting) that vested during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Supplemental 401(k) Plan 
 Cabot s Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan SERP 401(k) provides benefits to highly compensated employees when the retirement plan limits established under the Internal Revenue Code prevent them from receiving all of the Company matching and retirement contributions that would otherwise be provided under the qualified 401(k) plan. The SERP 401(k) is non-qualified and unfunded. Contributions under the SERP 401(k) are treated as if invested in Cabot common stock. The majority of the distributions made under the SERP 401(k) are required to be paid with shares of Cabot common stock. The remaining distributions, which relate to certain grandfathered accounts, will be paid in cash based on the market price of Cabot common stock at the time of distribution. The aggregate value of the accounts that will be paid out in stock, which is equivalent to approximately and shares of Cabot common stock as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is reflected at historic cost in stockholders equity, and the aggregate value of the accounts that will be paid in cash, which was immaterial as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, was included in Other liabilities and marked-to-market quarterly. 

Selling and administrative expenses 

Research and technical expenses 

Total 

67 

Charges (gain) 

Costs charged against assets 

Cash (paid) received 

Reserve at September 30, 2019 

Charges (gain) 

Costs charged against liabilities 

Cash paid 

Reserve at September 30, 2020 

Charges (gain) 

Costs charged against assets 

Cash (paid) received 

Reserve at September 30, 2021 

Cabot s severance and employee benefit reserves and other closure related reserves are reflected in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cabot s environmental remediation reserves related to restructuring activities are reflected in Other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Reorganization Actions 
 Beginning in fiscal 2020, the Company has undertaken various actions that it believes will enable the Company to perform certain activities more effectively. These actions have primarily consisted of the reorganization of Cabot s leadership structure, the creation of a Global Business Services function and other operational efficiency initiatives. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had recorded total charges of million, of which million was recorded in fiscal 2020, primarily related to severance costs, and also had million of accrued severance charges in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to these actions. The Company expects to record additional restructuring charges of approximately million in fiscal 2022 and million thereafter, primarily related to severance and site demolition costs associated with the reorganization. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had paid a total of million in cash, of which million was paid in fiscal 2020, and expects to have future cash outlays of approximately million in fiscal 2022 and million thereafter related to the reorganization. 
 Purification Solutions Transformation Plan 
 In December 2018, the Company initiated a transformation plan to improve the long term performance of the Purification Solutions segment. The purpose of the plan was to focus the business s product portfolio, optimize its manufacturing assets, and streamline its organizational structure to support the new focus. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had recorded total charges of million for this plan, of which million was recorded in prior fiscal years, primarily related to severance costs, and also had million of accrued severance and other charges in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to this plan. The Company expects to record additional restructuring charges million in fiscal 2022 and thereafter primarily related to decommissioning costs associated with the business s manufacturing facility in Marshall, Texas. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had paid a total of million in cash for this plan, of which million was paid in prior fiscal years, and expects to have future cash outlays of approximately million in fiscal 2022 and million thereafter. 

68 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI 

Adoption of accounting standards 

Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to 
 noncontrolling interests 

Balance at September 30, 2020 attributable to 
 Cabot Corporation 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI 

Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to 
 noncontrolling interests 

Balance at September 30, 2021 attributable to 
 Cabot Corporation 

(Gains) losses excluded from effectiveness 
 testing and amortized to interest expense 

Interest expense 

Pension and other postretirement benefit 
 liability adjustment 

Amortization of actuarial losses and prior service cost (credit) 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost - see 
 Note M for details 

Settlement and curtailment loss (gain) 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost - see 
 Note M for details 

Specialty Fluids divestiture 

Specialty Fluids loss on sale and asset impairment - see Note D for details 

Total before tax 

69 

Less: Dividends and dividend equivalents to participating 
 securities 

Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to participating 
 securities 1) 

Earnings (loss) allocated to common shareholders (numerator) 

Weighted average common shares and participating 
 securities outstanding 

Less: Participating securities 1) 

Adjusted weighted average common shares 
 (denominator) 

Per share amounts basic: 

Net income (loss) attributable to Cabot Corporation 

Diluted EPS: 

Earnings (loss) allocated to common shareholders 

Plus: Earnings allocated to participating securities 

Less: Adjusted earnings allocated to participating 
 securities 2) 

Earnings (loss) available to common shares (numerator) 

Adjusted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Common shares issuable 3) 

Adjusted weighted average common shares 
 (denominator) 

Per share amounts diluted: 

Net income (loss) attributable to Cabot Corporation 

(1) 
 
 Participating securities consist of shares underlying all outstanding and achieved performance-based restricted stock units and all unvested time-based restricted stock units. The holders of these units are entitled to receive dividend equivalents payable in cash to the extent dividends are paid on the Company s outstanding common stock and equal in value to the dividends that would have been paid in respect of the shares underlying such units. 
 
 70 

Less: Dividends declared on common stock 

Less: Dividends and dividend equivalents to participating 
 securities 

Undistributed earnings (loss) 

Allocation of undistributed earnings: 

Undistributed earnings (loss) allocated to common 
 shareholders 

Undistributed earnings allocated to participating 
 securities 

Undistributed earnings (loss) 

(2) 
 
 Undistributed earnings (loss) are adjusted for the assumed distribution of dividends to the dilutive securities, which are described in (3) below, and then reallocated to participating securities. 

(3) 
 
 Represents incremental shares of common stock from the (i) assumed exercise of stock options issued under Cabot s equity incentive plans and (ii) assumed issuance of shares to employees pursuant to the Company s Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan. For fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, , , and incremental shares of common stock were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the inclusion of these shares would have been antidilutive. 

Foreign 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes and 
 equity in earnings of affiliated companies 

Deferred 

Total 

Foreign: 

Current 

Deferred 

Total 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

71 

Foreign impact of taxation at different rates, repatriation, 
 valuation allowance, and other 

Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (GILTI) 

Impact of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic 
 Security ("CARES") Act of 2020 

Impact of increase (decrease) in valuation allowance on 
 U.S. deferred taxes 

U.S. and state benefits from research and experimentation 
 activities 

Provision (settlement) of unrecognized tax benefits 

Permanent differences, net 

State taxes, net of federal effect 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Intangible assets 

Inventory 

Operating lease liability 

Other 

Pension and other benefits 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Foreign tax credit carryforwards 

R&D credit carryforwards 

Other business credit carryforwards 

Subtotal 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

September 30 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Right of use asset 

Unremitted earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Subsequent to the filing of the Company s financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company identified a misstatement related to the disclosure of the previously reported net operating loss carryforwards, other deferred tax assets and the offsetting valuation allowance associated with certain non-U.S. subsidiaries for the year ended, September 30, 2020. As a result, the Company included an additional million in net operating loss carryforwards, million of other deferred tax assets, and million of valuation allowance for the year ended September 30, 2020, in the Deferred tax assets table above to reflect the correct presentation. The Company had previously reported net operating loss carryforwards of million, other deferred tax assets of million, and a valuation allowance of million at September 30,2020, prior to this correction. This 
 72 
 million during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. The Company has maintained a valuation allowance on all of its US deferred tax assets at September 30, 2021. The Company expects to continue to record a valuation allowance against these assets until sufficient positive evidence exists to support its reversal. 
 The valuation allowance decreased by million in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the expiration of NOLs. The valuation allowance increased in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to the recording of a valuation allowance charge against all of the Company s U.S. net deferred tax assets of million as of September 30, 2020. 
 After the valuation allowance, approximately million of foreign NOLs and less than million of other tax credit carryforwards remained at September 30, 2021. The benefits of these carryforwards are dependent upon taxable income during the carryforward period in the jurisdictions in which they arose. 
 - 

and thereafter 

Indefinite carryforwards 

Total 

As of September 30, 2021, provisions have not been made for non-U.S. withholding taxes or other applicable taxes on million of undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries, as these earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. It is not practicable to calculate the unrecognized deferred tax liability on undistributed earnings. Cabot continually reviews the financial position and forecasted cash flows of its U.S. consolidated group and foreign subsidiaries in order to reaffirm the Company s intent and ability to continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings of its foreign subsidiaries or whether such earnings will need to be repatriated in the foreseeable future. Such review encompasses operational needs and future capital investments. From time to time, however, the Company s intentions relative to specific indefinitely reinvested amounts change because of certain unique circumstances. These earnings could become subject to non-U.S. withholding taxes and other applicable taxes if they were remitted to the U.S. 
 Cabot has filed its tax returns in accordance with the tax laws in each jurisdiction and recognizes tax benefits for uncertain tax positions when the position would more likely than not be sustained based on its technical merits and recognizes measurement adjustments when needed. As of September 30, 2021, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was million, of which million was recorded in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and million was offset against deferred tax assets. In addition, accruals of million have been recorded for penalties and interest, as of September 30, 2021. Total penalties and interest recorded in the tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Operations was million in both fiscal 2021 and 2020, and million in 2019. If the unrecognized tax benefits were recognized as of September 30, 2021, there would be million favorable impact on the Company s tax provision before consideration of the impact of the potential need for valuation allowances. 
 73 

Additions based on tax provisions related to the current 
 year 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Reductions of tax provisions of prior years 

Reductions related to settlements 

Reductions from lapse of statute of limitations 

Balance at end of the year 

Cabot and certain subsidiaries are under audit in a number of jurisdictions. In addition, certain statutes of limitations are scheduled to expire in the near future. It is reasonably possible that a further change in the unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months related to the settlement of one or more of these audits or the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations however, an estimated range of the impact on the unrecognized tax benefits cannot be quantified at this time. 
 Cabot files U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The through tax years generally remain subject to examination by the IRS and various tax years from through remain subject to examination by the respective state tax authorities. In significant non-U.S. jurisdictions, various tax years from through remain subject to examination by their respective tax authorities. As of September 30, 2021, Cabot s significant non-U.S. jurisdictions include Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the Netherlands. 
 and , some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to or options to terminate the leases. The Company s land leases have remaining lease terms up to . 
 Some lease arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage, output, or index-based adjustments. The Company does not have material variable lease payments. 
 The Company has elected not to recognize short-term leases on the balance sheet for all underlying asset classes. Short-term leases are leases that, at the commencement date, have a lease term of twelve months or less and do not include a purchase option that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise. Short-term leases are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Finance lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Included within operating lease costs are short-term lease costs, which were million and million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and variable lease costs, which were million in both fiscal 2021 and 2020. 
 74 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 

Finance 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Total lease ROU assets 

Lease liabilities: 

Current: 

Operating 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Finance 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term: 

Operating 

Other liabilities 

Finance 

Long-term debt 

Total lease liabilities 

Finance leases 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

75 
 million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Included in those raw materials purchased are purchases from noncontrolling shareholders of consolidated subsidiaries of million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities owed to noncontrolling shareholders as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, were million and million, respectively. 

Performance Chemicals 

Purification Solutions 

Total 

The Company has also entered into long-term purchase agreements primarily for services related to information technology, which are not included in the table above, that total million as of September 30, 2021, the majority of which is expected to be paid within the next years. 
 
 Guarantee Agreements 
 Cabot has provided certain indemnities pursuant to which it may be required to make payments to an indemnified party in connection with certain transactions and agreements. In connection with certain acquisitions and divestitures, Cabot has provided routine indemnities with respect to such matters as environmental, tax, insurance, product and employee liabilities. In connection with various other agreements, including service and supply agreements with customers, Cabot has provided indemnities for certain contingencies and routine warranties. Cabot is unable to estimate the maximum potential liability for these types of indemnities as a maximum obligation is not explicitly stated in most cases and the amounts, if any, are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be reasonably estimated. The duration of the indemnities vary, and in many cases are indefinite. Cabot has not recorded any liability for these indemnities in the consolidated financial statements, except as otherwise disclosed. 
 Self-Insurance and Retention for Certain Contingencies 
 The Company is partially self-insured for certain third-party liabilities globally, as well as workers compensation and employee medical benefits in the United States. The third-party and workers compensation liabilities are managed through a wholly-owned insurance captive and the related liabilities are included in the consolidated financial statements. The employee medical obligations are managed by a third-party provider and the related liabilities are included in the consolidated financial statements. To limit Cabot s potential liabilities for these risks, however, the Company purchases insurance from third-parties that provides stop-loss protection. The self-insured liability in fiscal 2021 for third-party liabilities was per accident for auto, million per occurrence for all other, million per accident for U.S. workers compensation, and the retention for medical costs in the United States is at most per person per annum. 
 Contingencies 
 Cabot is a defendant, or potentially responsible party, in various lawsuits and environmental proceedings wherein substantial amounts are claimed or at issue. 
 Environmental Matters 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, Cabot had million and million, respectively, reserved for environmental matters. These environmental matters mainly relate to former operations. The Company s reserves for environmental matters represent Cabot s best estimates of the probable costs to be incurred at those sites where costs are reasonably estimable based on the Company s analysis of the extent of clean up required, alternative clean-up methods available, abilities of other responsible parties to contribute and its interpretation of laws and regulations applicable to each site. In fiscal 2021 and 2020, there was million and million, respectively, in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for environmental matters. In both fiscal 2021 and 2020, there was million in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for environmental matters. Cabot reviews the adequacy of the reserves as circumstances change at individual sites and adjusts the reserves as appropriate. Almost all of Cabot s environmental issues relate to sites that are mature and have been investigated and studied and, in many cases, are subject to agreed upon remediation plans. However, depending on the results of future testing, changes in risk assessment practices, remediation techniques and regulatory requirements, newly discovered conditions, and other factors, it is reasonably possible that the Company could incur additional costs in excess of environmental reserves currently recorded. Management estimates, based on the latest available information, that any such future environmental remediation costs that are reasonably possible to be in excess of amounts already recorded would be immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 76 
 million in fiscal 20 2 1 and million in both fiscal 2020 and fiscal 201 9 and are included in Cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Cash payments related to these environmental matters were million in fiscal 20 2 1 , million in fiscal 20 20 and million in fiscal 201 9 . The Company anticipates that expenditures related to these environmental matters will be made over a number of years. 
 The operation and maintenance component of the million reserve for environmental matters was million at September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2020, the operation and maintenance component of the million reserve for environmental matters was million. 
 In November 2013, Cabot entered into a Consent Decree with the EPA and the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality LDEQ regarding Cabot s three carbon black manufacturing facilities in the U.S. This settlement is related to EPA s national enforcement initiative focused on the U.S. carbon black manufacturing sector alleging non-compliance with certain regulatory and permitting requirements under The Clean Air Act, including the New Source Review NSR construction permitting requirements. Pursuant to this settlement, Cabot is in the process of installing technology controls for the reduction of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions at these plants. 
 Respirator Liabilities 
 Cabot has exposure in connection with a safety respiratory products business that a subsidiary acquired from American Optical Corporation AO in an April 1990 asset purchase transaction. The subsidiary manufactured respirators under the AO brand and disposed of that business in July 1995. In connection with its acquisition of the business, the subsidiary agreed, in certain circumstances, to assume a portion of AO s liabilities, including costs of legal fees together with amounts paid in settlements and judgments, allocable to AO respiratory products used prior to the 1990 purchase by the Cabot subsidiary. In exchange for the subsidiary s assumption of certain of AO s respirator liabilities, AO agreed to provide to the subsidiary the benefits of: (i) AO s insurance coverage for the period prior to the 1990 acquisition and (ii) a former owner s indemnity of AO holding it harmless from any liability allocable to AO respiratory products used prior to May 1982. 
 Generally, these respirator liabilities involve claims for personal injury, including asbestosis, silicosis and coal worker s pneumoconiosis CWP ), allegedly resulting from the use of respirators that are alleged to have been negligently designed and/or labeled. At no time did this respiratory product line represent a significant portion of the respirator market. 
 The subsidiary transferred the business to Aearo Corporation Aearo in July 1995. Cabot agreed to have the subsidiary retain certain liabilities associated with exposure to asbestos and silica while using respirators prior to the 1995 transaction so long as Aearo paid, and continues to pay, Cabot an annual fee of 400,000. Aearo can discontinue payment of the fee at any time, in which case it will assume the responsibility for and indemnify Cabot against those liabilities which Cabot s subsidiary had agreed to retain. The Company anticipates that it will continue to receive payment of the 400,000 fee from Aearo and thereby retain these liabilities for the foreseeable future. Cabot has no liability in connection with any products manufactured by Aearo after 1995. 
 In addition to Cabot s subsidiary and as described above, other parties are responsible for significant portions of the costs of respirator liabilities, leaving Cabot s subsidiary with a portion of the liability in only some of the pending cases. These parties include Aearo, AO, AO s insurers, another former owner and its insurers and a third-party manufacturer of respirators formerly sold under the AO brand and its insurers (collectively, with the Company s subsidiary, the Payor Group ). 
 Cabot has contributed to the Payor Group s defense and settlement costs with respect to a percentage of pending claims depending on several factors, including the period of alleged product use. In order to quantify Cabot s estimated share of liability for pending and future respirator liability claims, Cabot has engaged, through counsel, the assistance of Gnarus Advisors, LLC Gnarus ), a consulting firm in the field of tort liability valuation. The methodology used to estimate the liability addresses the complexities surrounding Cabot s potential liability by making assumptions about Cabot s likely exposure based on various factors, including the Payor Group s historical experience with these claims, the number of future claims and the cost to resolve pending and future claims. Using those and other assumptions, the Company estimates the costs that would be incurred in defending and resolving both currently pending and future claims. 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company recorded a charge of million related to the respirator liability which was included in Selling and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The charge is primarily due to an increase in the number of CWP claims filed in 2021. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had million and million, respectively, 
 77 
 . The reserve is included in Other liabilities and Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, the Company recorded charges of million and million, respectively related to the respirator liability which was included in Selling and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Approximately million of the fiscal 2020 charge related to a February 2020 settlement agreement in which Cabot, with certain members of the Payor Group, resolved a large group of claims, including claims alleging serious injury, brought by coal workers in Kentucky and West Virginia represented by common legal counsel. The Company s share of the liability for this settlement was million. 
 The Company made payments related to its respirator liability of million in both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 and million in fiscal 2019. The majority of the payments in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 relate to the settlement noted above. 
 The Company s current estimate of the cost of its share of existing and future respirator liability claims is based on facts and circumstances existing at this time, including the number and nature of the remaining claims. Developments that could affect the Company s estimate include, but are not limited to, (i) significant changes in the number of future claims, (ii) changes in the rate of dismissals without payment of pending claims, (iii) significant changes in the average cost of resolving claims, including potential settlements of groups of claims, (iv) significant changes in the legal costs of defending these claims, (v) changes in the nature of claims received or changes in our assessment of the viability of these claims, (vi) trial and appellate outcomes, (vii) changes in the law and procedure applicable to these claims, (viii) the financial viability of the parties that contribute to the payment of respirator claims, (ix) exhaustion or changes in the recoverability of the insurance coverage maintained by certain members of the Payor Group, or a change in the availability of the indemnity provided by a former owner of AO, (x) changes in the allocation of costs among the various parties paying legal and settlement costs, and (xi) a determination that the assumptions that were used to estimate Cabot s share of liability are no longer reasonable. The Company cannot determine the impact of these potential developments on its current estimate of its share of liability for existing and future claims. Because reserves are limited to amounts that are probable and estimable as of a relevant measurement date, and there is inherent difficulty in projecting the impact of potential developments on Cabot s share of liability for these existing and future claims, it is reasonably possible that the liabilities for existing and future claims could change in the near term and that change could be material. 
 Value-added Tax VAT Matter 
 The Company has received assessments from a non-U.S. taxing authority for VAT related to certain sales made and services provided by certain of the Company s subsidiaries from 2014 through 2019. The Company believes these transactions are exempt from VAT and has filed legal actions challenging the taxing authority s application of VAT to them. Hearings on these matters are ongoing and it could potentially be a number of years before they are resolved. The Company believes its interpretation of these VAT rules is appropriate, and that it will be successful in its challenge against the taxing authority s assessments. Accordingly, the Company does not believe it is probable that it will incur a loss related to these matters. However, the interpretation and application of these VAT rules is an unsettled issue, and the resolution of tax and regulatory matters is unpredictable. If it is determined in these proceedings that VAT applies to some or all of these various transactions, the Company could incur a charge that ranges between nil and million for these matters, with the amount impacted by any interest and penalties associated with these matters and the amount, if any, of VAT the Company might subsequently recover from its customers. 
 Brazil Indirect Tax Settlements 
 The Company previously filed claims with the Brazilian tax authorities challenging the calculation of certain indirect taxes related to local social contributions for the years 2012 through 2019. During the third quarter of fiscal 2021, the Brazilian Federal Supreme Court rendered a final unappealable decision that clarified the methodology companies should use in the calculation. As a result of this decision, the Company is entitled to recover credits and associated interest related to the historical periods for overpayment of these indirect taxes to be used to offset future Brazilian tax liabilities. As such, the Company recorded a million benefit during fiscal 2021 of which million, related to the credit recovery was included in Net sales and other operating revenues and million, related to interest income was included in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Other Matters 
 The Company has various other lawsuits, claims and contingent liabilities arising in the ordinary course of its business and with respect to its divested businesses. The Company does not believe that any of these matters will have a material adverse effect on its financial position however, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Cabot could incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise its expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material impact on its results of operations in the period in which the amounts are accrued or its cash flows in the period in which the amounts are paid. 
 
 78 
 
 reportable segments: Reinforcement Materials, Performance Chemicals and Purification Solutions. The Company s former Specialty Fluids business was a separate reporting segment prior to divestiture in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. On November 25, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to sell the Purification Solutions business, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the agreement. The Company expects to close the transaction in the second quarter of fiscal 2022, and upon consummation of this transaction the Company will be organized into reportable segments. 
 The Reinforcement Materials segment combines the reinforcing carbons and engineered elastomer composites product lines. 
 The Performance Chemicals segment combines the specialty carbons, fumed metal oxides and aerogel product lines into the Performance Additives business, and combines the specialty compounds and inkjet colorants product lines into the Formulated Solutions business. These businesses are similar in terms of economic characteristics, nature of products, processes, customer class and product distribution methods, and therefore have been aggregated into reportable segment. 
 The Purification Solutions segment represents the Company s activated carbon business. 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes Segment EBIT is presented for each reportable segment in the financial information by the reportable segment table below on the line entitled Income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes. Segment EBIT excludes certain items, meaning items management does not consider representative of on-going operating segment results. In addition, Segment EBIT includes Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax, the full operating results of a contractual joint venture in Purification Solutions, royalties, Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax, and discounting charges for certain Notes receivable, but excludes Interest expense, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, interest income, dividend income, unearned revenue, general unallocated expense and unallocated corporate costs. Segment assets exclude cash, short-term investments, cost investments, income taxes receivable, deferred taxes and headquarters assets, which are included in unallocated and other. Expenditures for additions to long-lived assets include total equity and other investments (including available-for-sale securities) and property, plant and equipment. 
 Reinforcement Materials 
 Carbon black is a form of elemental carbon that is manufactured in a highly controlled process to produce particles and aggregates of varied structure and surface chemistry, resulting in many different performance characteristics for a wide variety of applications. Reinforcing carbons (a class of carbon blacks manufactured by Cabot) are used to enhance the physical properties of the systems and applications in which they are incorporated. 
 The Company s reinforcing carbons products are used in tires and industrial products. Reinforcing carbons have traditionally been used in the tire industry as a rubber reinforcing agent to increase tread durability and are also used as a performance additive to reduce rolling resistance and improve traction. In industrial products such as hoses, belts, extruded profiles and molded goods, reinforcing carbons are used to improve the physical performance of the product, including the product s physical strength, fluid resistance, conductivity and resistivity. 
 In addition to its reinforcing carbons products, the Company manufactures engineered elastomer composites E2C solutions that are composites of reinforcing carbons and rubber made using the Company s patented elastomer composites manufacturing process. These composites improve abrasion/wear resistance, reduce fatigue of rubber parts and reduce rolling resistance compared to reinforcing carbons/rubber compounds made entirely by conventional rubber mix methods enabling rubber product manufacturers to reduce the need to make performance trade-offs. 
 Performance Chemicals 
 Performance Chemicals is organized into businesses: the Company s Performance Additives business and its Formulated Solutions business. The Company s Performance Additives business combines its specialty carbons, including battery materials, fumed metal oxides and aerogel product lines, and its Formulated Solutions business combines its specialty compounds and inkjet 
 79 

Formulated Solutions 

Total Performance Chemicals 

Performance Additives Business 
 The Company s specialty carbons are used to impart color, provide rheology control, enhance conductivity and static charge control, provide UV protection, enhance mechanical properties, and provide formulation flexibility through surface treatment. These specialty carbon products are used in a wide variety of applications, such as inks, coatings, cables, plastics, adhesives, toners, batteries and displays. 
 Fumed silica is an ultra-fine, high-purity particle used as a reinforcing, thickening, abrasive, thixotropic, suspending or anti-caking agent in a wide variety of products for the automotive, construction, microelectronics, batteries, and consumer products industries. These products include adhesives, sealants, cosmetics, batteries, inks, toners, silicone elastomers, coatings, polishing slurries and pharmaceuticals. Fumed alumina, also an ultra-fine, high-purity particle, is used as an abrasive, absorbent or barrier agent in a variety of products, such as inkjet media, lighting, coatings, cosmetics and polishing slurries. 
 Aerogel is a hydrophobic, silica-based particle with a high surface area that is used in a variety of thermal insulation and specialty chemical applications. In the building and construction industry, the product is used in insulative sprayable plasters and composite building products, as well as translucent skylight, window, wall and roof systems for insulating eco-daylighting applications. In the specialty chemicals industry, the product is used to provide matte finishing, insulating and thickening properties for use in a variety of applications. 
 Formulated Solutions Business 
 Cabot s masterbatch and conductive compound products, which Cabot refers to as specialty compounds , are formulations derived from specialty carbons mixed with polymers and other additives. These products are generally used by plastic resin producers and converters in applications for the automotive, industrial, packaging, infrastructure, agricultural, consumer products, and electronics industries. As an alternative to directly mixing specialty carbon blacks, these formulations offer greater ease of handling and help customers achieve their desired levels of dispersion and color and manage the addition of small doses of additives. In addition, Cabot s electrically conductive compound products generally are used to help ensure uniform conductive performance and reduce risks associated with electrostatic discharge in plastics applications. 
 The Company s inkjet colorants are high-quality pigment-based black and color dispersions and inks. The Company s dispersions are based on patented pigment surface modification technology and polymer encapsulation technology. The dispersions are used in aqueous inkjet inks to impart color, sharp print characteristics and durability, while maintaining high printhead reliability. These products are used in various inkjet printing applications, including traditional work-from-home and corporate office settings, and, increasingly, in commercial and corrugated packaging printing, that all require a high level of dispersibility and colloidal stability. Our inkjet inks, which utilize our pigment-based colorant dispersions, are used in the commercial printing segment for digital print. 
 Purification Solutions 
 The Company s activated carbon products are used for the purification of water, air, food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and other liquids and gases, as either a colorant or a decolorizing agent in the production of products for food and beverage applications and as a chemical carrier in slow release applications. In gas and air applications, one of the uses of activated carbon is for the removal of mercury in flue gas streams. In certain applications, used activated carbon can be reactivated for further use by removing the contaminants from the pores of the activated carbon product. The most common applications for the Company s reactivated carbon are water treatment and food and beverage purification. In addition to activated carbon production and reactivation, the Company also provides activated carbon solutions through on-site equipment and services, including delivery systems for activated carbon injection in coal-fired utilities, mobile water filter units and carbon reactivation services. 
 80 

Depreciation and amortization 

Equity in earnings of affiliated companies 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 before income taxes 4) 

Assets 5) 

Total expenditures for additions to long-lived 
 assets 6) 

2020 

Revenues from external customers 3) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Equity in earnings of affiliated companies 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 before income taxes 4) 

Assets 5) 

Total expenditures for additions to long-lived 
 assets 6) 

2019 

Revenues from external customers 3) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Equity in earnings of affiliated companies 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 before income taxes 4) 

Assets 5) 

Total expenditures for additions to long-lived 
 assets 6) 

(1) 
 
 Cabot divested its Specialty Fluids business on June 28, 2019. Refer to Note D for the terms of this transaction. 

(2) 
 
 Unallocated and Other includes certain items and eliminations necessary to reflect management s reporting of operating segment results. These items are reflective of the segment reporting presented to the CODM. 

3 
 
 Consolidated Total Revenues from external customers reconciles to Net sales and other operating revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Revenues from external customers that are categorized as Unallocated and Other reflects royalties, external shipping and handling fees, the impact of unearned revenue, the removal of of the sales of an equity method affiliate, discounting charges for certain Notes receivable, and indirect tax settlement credits. Details are provided in the table below. 

Years Ended September 30 

2021 

2020 

2019 

(In millions) 

Shipping and handling fees 

By-product sales 

Other 

Total 

81 

Certain items: (a) 

Indirect tax settlement credits 

- 

Legal and environmental matters and reserves (Note T) 

Global restructuring activities (Note O) 

Acquisition and integration-related charges (Note C) 

Employee benefit plan settlement and other charges (Note M) 

Marshall Mine loss on sale and asset impairment charge (Note D) 

Inventory reserve adjustment 

Specialty Fluids loss on sale and asset impairment charge (Note D) 

Equity affiliate investment impairment charge 

Executive transition costs 

Other certain items 

Total certain items, pre-tax 

Unallocated corporate costs (b) 

General unallocated income (expense) (c) 

Less: Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax (d) 

Total 

(a) 
 
 Certain items are items that management does not consider representative of operating segment results and they are, therefore, excluded from Segment EBIT. 

(b) 
 
 Unallocated corporate costs are not controlled by the segments and primarily benefit corporate interests. 

(c) 
 
 General unallocated income (expense) consists of gains (losses) arising from foreign currency transactions, net of other foreign currency risk management activities, interest income, dividend income, the profit or loss related to the corporate adjustment for unearned revenue, and the impact of including the full operating results of a contractual joint venture in Purification Solutions Segment EBIT. 

(d) 
 
 Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax is included in Segment EBIT and is removed from Unallocated and other to reconcile to income (loss) from operations before taxes. 

5 
 
 Unallocated and Other assets includes cash, marketable securities, cost investments, income taxes receivable, deferred taxes, headquarters assets, and current and non-current assets held for sale. 

6 
 
 Expenditures for additions to long-lived assets include total equity and other investments (including available-for-sale securities) and property, plant and equipment. 
 
 Geographic Information 

China 

Other countries 

Total 

82 

Asia Pacific 

Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Segment revenues from external customers 

Unallocated and other 

Net sales and other operating revenues 

Year Ended September 30, 2020 

Reinforcement 
 Materials 

Performance 
 Chemicals 

Purification 
 Solutions 

Specialty 
 Fluids 

Consolidated Total 

(In millions) 

Americas 

Asia Pacific 

Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Segment revenues from external customers 

Unallocated and other 

Net sales and other operating revenues 

Year Ended September 30, 2019 

Reinforcement 
 Materials 

Performance 
 Chemicals 

Purification 
 Solutions 

Specialty 
 Fluids 

Consolidated Total 

(In millions) 

Americas 

Asia Pacific 

Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Segment revenues from external customers 

Unallocated and other 

Net sales and other operating revenues 

China 

Other countries 

Total 

83 
 million, which is subject to customary closing adjustments and is expected to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 Sale of Purification Solutions Business 
 On November 25, 2021 Cabot and an affiliate of funds advised by One Equity Partners OEP entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement for the sale of Cabot s Purification Solutions business (the Business ), subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Agreement. 
 Under the terms of the Agreement, OEP will acquire the Business on a cash-free and debt-free basis in a transaction valued at approximately million, subject to certain debt-like and other closing adjustments, including a customary working capital adjustment and costs related to the closure of the Business s former lignite mine as disclosed in Note D. The net cash proceeds from the transaction are expected to be approximately million and are to be paid when the transaction is closed. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 The Company will begin to account for the assets and liabilities of the Business as held for sale for the quarter ending December 31, 2021. Based on the carrying value of the Business as of September 30, 2021 and an estimate of the net cash proceeds from the sale, Cabot estimates a pre-tax impairment charge in the range of million to million to be recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 

84 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cabot Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cabot Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 29, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Commitments and Contingencies Respirator Liabilities Refer to Note T to the consolidated financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company has exposure in connection with a safety respiratory products business previously owned by one of its subsidiaries. The Company has a 44 million reserve as of September 30, 2021 for respirator liabilities. The respirator liabilities are estimated based on management s assumptions, which include the number of future claims and the estimated cost to resolve pending and future claims. 
 We identified respirator liabilities related to coal worker s pneumoconiosis CWP as a critical audit matter because there is significant uncertainty related to the number of future claims and the estimate of the cost to resolve pending and future claims. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the recorded CWP respirator liabilities as of September 30, 2021. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to CWP respirator liabilities included the following, among others: 
 85 

We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s review of the work performed by the Company s tort liability consultants, the assumptions utilized, claims data, and the calculation of the respirator liabilities. 

We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the CWP respirator liabilities by: 

Utilizing our actuarial specialists to assist with testing the assumptions regarding future claims and the cost to resolve pending and future claims. 

Utilizing our actuarial specialists to assist with the calculation of an independent estimate of the CWP respirator liabilities and comparing our estimate to the Company s estimate. 

We assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures in the financial statements. 

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007. 
 
 86 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cabot Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Cabot Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021, of the Company and our report dated November 29, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 29, 2021 

87 

PART II 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Cabot carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its principal executive officer and its principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of September 30, 2021. Based on that evaluation, Cabot s principal executive officer and its principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective with respect to the recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, of information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Cabot s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Cabot. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Cabot s management assessed the effectiveness of Cabot s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, Cabot s management concluded that Cabot s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 Cabot s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report above. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of our employees have been working remotely and certain manufacturing sites have been operating with limited personnel on-site. We have not identified any material changes in our internal control over financial reporting as a result of these changes to the working environment. We are continually monitoring and assessing the COVID-19 situation to determine any potential impacts on the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

 On November 25, 2021 Cabot and an affiliate of funds advised by One Equity Partners OEP entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement for the sale of Cabot s Purification Solutions business (the Business ), subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Agreement. 
 88 
 
 Under the terms of the Agreement, OEP will acquire the Business on a cash-free and debt-free basis in a transaction valued at approximately 111 million, subject to certain debt-like and other closing adjustments, including a customary working capital adjustment and costs related to the closure of the Business s former lignite mine as disclosed in Note D . The net cash proceeds from the transaction are expected to be approximately 80 million and are to be paid when the transaction is closed. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 The Company will begin to account for the assets and liabilities of the Business as held for sale for the quarter ending December 31, 2021. Based on the carrying value of the Business as of September 30, 2021 and an estimate of the net cash proceeds from the sale, Cabot estimates a pre-tax impairment charge in the range of 155 million to 165 million to be recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 89 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 Certain information regarding our executive officers is included at the end of Part I of this annual report under the heading Information about our Executive Officers. 
 Cabot has adopted a Code of Business Ethics that applies to all of the Company s employees and directors, including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller and other senior financial officers. The Code of Business Ethics is posted on our website, www.cabotcorp.com (under the About Cabot caption under Company ). We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the Code of Business Ethics applicable to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller or other senior financial officers by posting such information on our website. 
 The other information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proxy Statement and is herein incorporated by reference. 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following table provides information as of September 30, 2021 about: (i) the number of shares of common stock that may be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and vesting of restricted stock units (ii) the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options and (iii) the number of shares of common stock available for future issuance under our active plans: the Amended and Restated 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the 2015 Directors Stock Compensation Plan. All of our equity compensation plans have been approved by our stockholders. 

Plan category 

Number of securities to 
 be issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 (a) (1) 

Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding option, 
 warrants and rights 
 (b) (2) 

Number of securities remaining 
 available for future issuance under 
 equity compensation plans 
 (excluding securities reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 (c) (3) 

Equity compensation plans approved by 
 security holders 

2,479,206 

48.36 

5,529,715 

Equity compensation plans not approved by 
 security holders 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

(1) 
 
 Includes (i) 1,476,408 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options, (ii) 474,450 shares issuable upon vesting of time-based restricted stock units, (iii) 241,848 shares issuable upon vesting of performance-based restricted stock units based upon the achievement of the annual financial performance metrics for the three years within the three-year performance period of the fiscal 2019 awards, the first two years within the three-year performance period of the fiscal 2020 awards, and the first year within the three-year performance period of the fiscal 2021 awards and (iv) 286,500 shares issuable upon vesting of the performance-based stock units attributable to year three of the 2020 awards and years two and three of the 2021 awards, assuming Cabot performs at the maximum performance level in each of those years. If, instead, Cabot performs at the target level of performance in those years, a total of 143,250 shares would be issuable for year three of the 2020 awards and years two and three of the 2021 awards. 

(2) 
 
 The weighted-average exercise price includes all outstanding stock options but does not include restricted stock units which do not have an exercise price. 

(3) 
 
 Of these shares, (i) 5,315,424 shares remain available for future issuance under the Amended and Restated 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and (ii) 214,291 remain available for future issuance under the 2015 Directors Stock Compensation Plan. 

The other information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 90 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 
 Financial Statements . 

 See Index to Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

(b) 
 
 Schedules . 

 The Schedules have been omitted since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. 

(c) 
 
 Exhibits . (Certain exhibits not included in copies of the Form 10-K sent to stockholders.) 

 The exhibit numbers in the Exhibit Index correspond to the numbers assigned to such exhibits in the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Cabot will furnish to any stockholder, upon written request, any exhibit listed in the Exhibit Index, upon payment by such stockholder of the Company s reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit. 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

3(a) 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cabot Corporation effective January 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2008, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2009). 

3(b) 

The By-laws of Cabot Corporation as amended January 7, 202 1 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Cabot s Corporation s Cu rrent Report on Form 8-K, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on J anuary 12 , 202 1 ). 

4(a) 

Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1987, between Cabot Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee (the Indenture ). (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(i) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017). 

4(a)(i) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 1992, to the Indenture. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(ii) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017). 

4(a)(ii) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 1997, between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 1996, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 14, 1997). 

4(a)(iii) 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 1998, between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 20, 1998, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 20, 1998). 

4(a)(iv) 

Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2009, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Registration Statement on Form S-3 ASR, Registration Statement No. 333-162021, filed with the SEC on September 21, 2009). 

4(a)(v) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2012 between Cabot Corporation, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, including the form of Global Note attached as Annex A thereto, supplementing the Indenture dated as of September 21, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 9, 2012, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on July 12, 2012). 

4(a)(vi) 

Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on September 15, 2016). 

91 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

4(a)(vii) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, including the form of Global Note attached as Annex A thereto, supplementing the Indenture dated as of September 15, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on September 15, 2016). 

4(a)(viii) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 20, 2019, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, including the form of Global Note attached as Annex A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 20, 2019, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on June 20, 2019) . 

4(b) 

Description of Cabot Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b) of Cabot Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 201 9 , file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2019). 

10(a) 

Credit Agreement, dated A ugust 6 , 2021, among Cabot Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citibank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., TD Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 

10(b) 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, among certain subsidiaries of Cabot Corporation, guaranteed by Cabot Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, PNC Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., and the other lenders party thereto. 

10(c) 

2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of Cabot s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2012). 

10(c)(i) 

2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2017). 

10(c)(ii) 

Amended and Restated 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2021). 

10(c)(iii) 

2015 Directors Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of Cabot s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2015). 

10(c)(iivi) 

Cabot Corporation 2018 Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2018 file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 8, 2019). 

10(d) 

Summary of Compensation for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2018, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 8, 2019). 

10(e) 

Cabot Corporation Amended and Restated Senior Management Severance Protection Plan, dated March 9, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012). 

10(f) 

Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(e) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 

92 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

10( g 

Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(f) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 

10(h) 

Form of Stock Option Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(g) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018). 

10(i) 

Cabot Corporation Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan, amended and restated January 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2013, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014). 

10(j) 

Cabot Corporation Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan, amended and restated January 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2013, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014). 

10(k) 

Offer Letter dated February 12, 2021 between Cabot Corporation and Jeff Zhu, as amended by letter agreement dated February 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2020, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2021). 

21 

Subsidiaries of Cabot Corporation. 

23 

Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 

31(i) 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

31(ii) 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

32 

Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

 None. 
 93 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CABOT CORPORATION 

BY: 

/ S / SEAN D. KEOHANE 

Sean D. Keohane 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 29, 2021 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 

Title 

Date 

/s/ SEAN D. KEOHANE 

Director, President and 

November 29, 2021 

Sean D. Keohane 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ ERICA MCLAUGHLIN 

Senior Vice President and 

November 29, 2021 

Erica McLaughlin 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

/s/ LISA M. DUMONT 

Vice President and Controller 

November 29, 2021 

Lisa M. Dumont 

(principal accounting officer) 

/s/ SUE H. RATAJ 

Director, Non-Executive 

November 29, 2021 

Sue H. Rataj 

Chair of the Board 

/s/ CYNTHIA A. ARNOLD 

Director 

November 29, 2021 

Cynthia A. Arnold 

/s/ DOUGLAS DEL GRASSO 

Director 

November 29, 2021 

Douglas Del Grasso 

/s/ JUAN ENRIQUEZ 

Director 

November 29, 2021 

Juan Enriquez 

/s/ WILLIAM C. KIRBY 

Director 

November 29, 2021 

William C. Kirby 

/s/ MICHAEL M. MORROW 

Director 

November 29, 2021 

Michael M. Morrow 

/s/ FRANK A. WILSON 

Director 

November 29, 2021 

Frank A. Wilson 

/s/ MATTHIAS L. WOLFGRUBER 

Director 

November 29, 2021 

Matthias L. Wolfgruber 

/s/ CHRISTINE Y. YAN 

Director 

November 29, 2021 

Christine Y. Yan 

94 

<EX-10.(B)>
 2
 cbt-ex10b_195.htm
 EX-10.(B)

cbt-ex10b_195.htm

Exhibit 10(b) 
 Execution Version 

300,000,000 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of October 19, 2021, 
 
 by and among 
 
 CABOT CORPORATION , as the Company and the Guarantor, 
 
 Cabot Luxembourg TC S.a.r.l., LUXEMBOURG, SCHAFFHAUSEN Branch, Cabot Gmbh, Cabot Switzerland Gmbh, Cabot Carbon LIMITED, PT Cabot Indonesia, PT Cabot Asia Pacific South, 
 CERTAIN OTHER SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, as the Borrowers, 
 
 The Lenders referred to herein, as Lenders, 
 
 and 
 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender 
 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, 
 
 PNC Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association , as Co-Syndication Agents 
 and 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. , as Documentation Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions 
 
 2 

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms 
 
 2 

SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 
 42 

SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally 
 
 42 

SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP 
 
 43 

SECTION 1.05 Interest Rates 
 
 43 

SECTION 1.06 Divisions 
 
 43 

SECTION 1.07 Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification 
 
 43 

ARTICLE II The Credits 
 
 45 

SECTION 2.01 Commitments 
 
 45 

SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings 
 
 45 

SECTION 2.03 Requests for Revolving Borrowings 
 
 46 

SECTION 2.04 Determination of Euro Amounts 
 
 47 

SECTION 2.05 Swingline Loans 
 
 47 

SECTION 2.06 [Reserved] 
 
 49 

SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings 
 
 49 

SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections 
 
 50 

SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 
 
 52 

SECTION 2.10 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 
 
 52 

SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans 
 
 53 

SECTION 2.12 Fees 
 
 54 

SECTION 2.13 Interest 
 
 55 

SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest 
 
 56 

SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs 
 
 60 

SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments 
 
 61 

SECTION 2.17 Taxes 
 
 62 

SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 
 
 70 

SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 
 71 

SECTION 2.20 Defaulting Lenders 
 
 72 

SECTION 2.21 [Reserved] 
 
 74 

SECTION 2.22 Judgment Currency 
 
 74 

SECTION 2.23 Designated Borrowers 
 
 74 

SECTION 2.24 Designation of Company as the Agent for the Borrowers 
 
 77 

SECTION 2.25 Foreign Obligor Obligations 
 
 77 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 
 77 

SECTION 3.01 Organization; Powers 
 
 77 

SECTION 3.02 Authorization; Enforceability 
 
 78 

SECTION 3.03 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 
 
 78 

SECTION 3.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change 
 
 78 

SECTION 3.05 Litigation and Environmental Matters 
 
 78 

SECTION 3.06 Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default 
 
 79 

SECTION 3.07 Investment Company Status; Margin Regulations 
 
 79 

SECTION 3.08 Taxes 
 
 79 

SECTION 3.09 ERISA 
 
 80 

i 

SECTION 3.10 Disclosure 
 
 80 

SECTION 3.11 Subsidiaries 
 
 80 

SECTION 3.12 Representations as to Foreign Obligors 
 
 80 

SECTION 3.13 Swiss Non-Bank Rules 
 
 82 

SECTION 3.14 Intragroup Payments/Loans 
 
 82 

SECTION 3.15 Use of Proceeds 
 
 82 

SECTION 3.16 Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions 
 
 82 

SECTION 3.17 EEA Financial Institutions 
 
 83 

SECTION 3.18 Solvency 
 
 83 

ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 
 83 

SECTION 4.01 Effective Date 
 
 83 

SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event 
 
 84 

SECTION 4.03 Initial Credit Event for each Additional Borrower 
 
 84 

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 
 85 

SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information 
 
 85 

SECTION 5.02 Notices of Material Events 
 
 86 

SECTION 5.03 Existence; Conduct of Business 
 
 87 

SECTION 5.04 Payment of Obligations 
 
 87 

SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 
 
 88 

SECTION 5.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights 
 
 88 

SECTION 5.07 Compliance with Laws 
 
 88 

SECTION 5.08 Use of Proceeds 
 
 89 

SECTION 5.09 Swiss Non-Bank Rules 
 
 89 

SECTION 5.10 Indonesian Translation; Indonesian Statement Letters 
 
 89 

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 
 90 

SECTION 6.01 Liens 
 
 90 

SECTION 6.02 Fundamental Changes 
 
 91 

SECTION 6.03 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 
 
 92 

SECTION 6.04 Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 92 

SECTION 6.05 Financial Covenant 
 
 92 

SECTION 6.06 Organization Documents 
 
 92 

SECTION 6.07 Use of Proceeds 
 
 92 

SECTION 6.08 Subsidiary Indebtedness 
 
 92 

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 
 93 

SECTION 7.01 Events of Default 
 
 93 

ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 
 95 

SECTION 8.01 Appointment and Authority 
 
 95 

SECTION 8.02 Rights as a Lender 
 
 96 

SECTION 8.03 Exculpatory Provisions 
 
 96 

SECTION 8.04 Reliance by the Administrative Agent 
 
 97 

SECTION 8.05 Delegation of Duties 
 
 97 

SECTION 8.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent 
 
 98 

SECTION 8.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 
 
 99 

SECTION 8.08 No Other Duties, Etc 
 
 99 

SECTION 8.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 
 99 

SECTION 8.10 Certain ERISA Matters 
 
 100 

-ii- 

ARTICLE IX Guaranty 
 
 101 

SECTION 9.01 Guaranty 
 
 101 

SECTION 9.02 Bankruptcy Limitations on the Guarantor 
 
 102 

SECTION 9.03 No Subrogation 
 
 102 

SECTION 9.04 Nature of Guaranty 
 
 103 

SECTION 9.05 Waivers 
 
 104 

SECTION 9.06 Modification of Loan Documents, etc 
 
 105 

SECTION 9.07 Demand by the Administrative Agent 
 
 106 

SECTION 9.08 Remedies 
 
 106 

SECTION 9.09 Benefits of Guaranty 
 
 106 

SECTION 9.10 Termination; Reinstatement 
 
 106 

SECTION 9.11 Payments 
 
 107 

SECTION 9.12 Injunctive Relief 
 
 108 

SECTION 9.13 No Waiver by Course of Conduct 
 
 108 

SECTION 9.14 Subordination of Intercompany Indebtedness 
 
 108 

ARTICLE X Miscellaneous 
 
 109 

SECTION 10.01 Notices 
 
 109 

SECTION 10.02 Waivers; Amendments 
 
 111 

SECTION 10.03 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
 
 113 

SECTION 10.04 Successors and Assigns 
 
 114 

SECTION 10.05 Survival 
 
 118 

SECTION 10.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 
 
 119 

SECTION 10.07 Severability 
 
 119 

SECTION 10.08 Right of Setoff 
 
 119 

SECTION 10.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process; Language Choice 
 
 120 

SECTION 10.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 
 121 

SECTION 10.11 Headings 
 
 121 

SECTION 10.12 Confidentiality 
 
 121 

SECTION 10.13 Interest Rate Limitation 
 
 123 

SECTION 10.14 USA PATRIOT Act 
 
 123 

SECTION 10.15 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 
 123 

SECTION 10.16 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 
 
 124 

SECTION 10.17 Erroneous Payments 
 
 125 

SECTION 10.18 Restatement of Original Credit Agreement 
 
 126 

-iii - 

SCHEDULES : 
 
 Schedule 2.01 Commitments 
 Schedule 6.01 Existing Liens 
 
 EXHIBITS : 
 Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 Exhibit C Form of Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement 
 Exhibit D Form of Designated Borrower Notice 
 Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit F-1 Form of Revolving Credit Note 
 Exhibit F-2 Form of Swingline Note 
 Exhibit G Form of Notice of Account Designation 

-iv - 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement is entered into as of October 19, 2021, among CABOT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), as the Guarantor, Cabot Luxembourg TC S.a.r.l., Luxembourg, Schaffhausen Branch, a Luxembourg private limited liability company (soci t responsabilit limit e), existing under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen L - 2411 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B 186143 and registered with the commercial register of the Canton of Schaffhausen under number CHE-378.778.759 with a registered office at M hlentalstrasse 36/38 8200 Schaffhausen Cabot Luxembourg ), Cabot GmbH, a German limited liability company Cabot Germany ), Cabot Switzerland GmbH, a Swiss limited liability company registered with the commercial register of the Canton of Schaffhausen under number CHE-115.488.533 with a registered office at M hlentalstrasse 36/38 8200 Schaffhausen Cabot Switzerland ), Cabot Carbon Limited, an English limited liability company with registered number 00462857 Cabot Carbon ), PT Cabot Indonesia , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Republic of Indonesia Cabot Indonesia ), PT Cabot Asia Pacific South , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Republic of Indonesia Cabot Asia Pacific ), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party hereto pursuant to Section 2.23 (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with Cabot Luxembourg, Cabot Germany, Cabot Switzerland, Cabot Carbon, Cabot Indonesia, and Cabot Asia Pacific, collectively, the Borrowers and each, a Borrower ), the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. 
 WITNESSETH 
 Whereas , the Company and the Borrowers entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2019 (as amended by the First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated June 8, 2020, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Original Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the Borrowers, each lender from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent thereunder; 
 Whereas , pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement, the Lenders (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) committed to extend credit to the Borrowers in the form of and pursuant to Commitments (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not in excess of 300,000,000 ; 
 Whereas , the Company and the Borrowers have requested that the Lenders, and the Lenders have agreed to, amend and restate the Original Credit Agreement in its entirety to read as set forth in this Agreement to make the modifications evidenced hereby, and the Lenders have indicated their willingness to so amend and restate the Original Credit Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; 
 1 

Whereas , the Company , the Borrowers and the Lenders have agreed to amend and restate the Original Credit Agreement in its entirety to read as set forth in this Agreement; and it has been agreed by such parties that the Loans and any other Obligations under (and each as defined therein) the Original Credit Agreement shall be governed by and deemed to be outstanding under this Agreement with the intent that this Agreement shall supersede the terms of the Original Credit Agreement which shall hereafter have no further effect upon the parties thereto (other than the indemnification, expense and other provisions of the Original Credit Agreement that expressly survive pursuant to the terms set forth therein) and which shall be amended and restated by this Agreement; and all references to the Credit Agreement in any Loan Document (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) delivered in connection with the Original Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement and the provisions hereof; provided that it is agreed and understood that this Agreement does not constitute a novation, satisfaction, payment or reborrowing of any Obligation under the Original Credit Agreement or any other such Loan Document, nor does it operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender under any Loan Document. 
 Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Acquisition , by any Person, means the acquisition by such Person (other than a transaction that would be classified as a capital expenditure in accordance with GAAP), in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of all or any substantial portion (constituting a separate business unit) of the assets of another Person or at least a majority of the Equity Interests with ordinary voting power of another Person, in each case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person and whether for cash, property, services, assumption of Indebtedness, securities or otherwise. 
 Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.14 . 
 Adjusted EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 
 Adjusted LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1 equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 
 -2 - 

Administrative Agent means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including its subsidiaries and Affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.03(c) . 
 Agent Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.01(d)(ii) . 
 Agreed Currencies means (a) U.S. Dollars, (b) Euro, (c) Pounds Sterling, (d) Swiss Francs, and (e) any other Foreign Currency acceptable to all of the Lenders. 
 Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 , provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the LIBO Interpolated Rate) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b) ), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as so determined would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means any and all laws, statutes, regulations or obligatory government orders, decrees, ordinances or rules related to terrorism financing or money laundering, including any applicable provision of the Patriot Act and The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959). 
 Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.12(a) . 
 -3 - 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment; provided that in the case of Section 2.20 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Revolving Credit Exposure then in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan, Eurocurrency Loan, RFR Loan or CBR Loan, or with respect to the facility fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread , Eurocurrency/RFR/CBR Spread or Facility Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the ratings by Moody s and S P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt: 

Tier 
 
 Ratings 
 
 Eurocurrency/RFR/CBR Spread 
 
 ABR Spread 
 
 Facility Fee Rate 

I 
 
 A2 / A 
 
 0.680 
 
 0 
 
 0.070 

II 
 
 A3 / A- 
 
 0.900 
 
 0 
 
 0.100 

III 
 
 Baa1 / BBB+ 
 
 1.000 
 
 0 
 
 0.125 

IV 
 
 Baa2 / BBB 
 
 1.100 
 
 0.100 
 
 0.150 

V 
 
 Baa3 / BBB- 
 
 1.200 
 
 0.200 
 
 0.175 

For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if either Moody s or S P shall not have in effect a rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then such rating agency shall be deemed to have established a rating equivalent to the Moody s or S P, as applicable, rating then in effect (unless the absence of any such rating is due to the termination of the rating engagement by the Company with Moody s or S P, as applicable, in which case the applicable rating shall be deemed to be Tier V); (ii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S P for the Index Debt shall fall within different Tiers, the Applicable Rate shall be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more Tiers lower than the other, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the Tier next above that of the lower of the two ratings; and (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S P for the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody s or S P), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Company to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 

 -4 - 

5.01 or otherwise. Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody s or S P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. 

 For the avoidance of doubt, for periods prior to the Effective Date, the Applicable Rate shall be as defined in the Original Credit Agreement. 
 Applicant Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b) . 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Arranger means, collectively, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, in its capacity as sole bookrunner and sole lead arranger hereunder. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.04 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Original Closing Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (f) of Section 2.14 . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 
 -5 - 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy , as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (ii) Eurocurrency Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of Section 2.14 . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent after consultation with the Company for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency or in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in clause (3 below: 
 (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 (2) in the case of any Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 (3) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 -6 - 

provided that, in the case of clause (1) , such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, in the case of clause (3) , when such clause is used to determine the Benchmark Replacement in connection with the occurrence of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the alternate benchmark rate selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company shall be the term benchmark rate that is used in lieu of a LIBO R -based rate in the relevant other U.S. Dollar -denominated syndicated credit facilities; provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar Loans shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above) . 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) , (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: 
 (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and 
 (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) 
 -7 - 

any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States ; 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion after consultation with the Company. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides, after consultation with the Company, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines, after consultation with the Company, that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides, after consultation with the Company, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date; 
 -8 - 

(3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Company pursuant to Section 2.14(c) ; or 
 (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that , at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that , at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 -9 - 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 CFR 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Borrower and Borrowers each has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. 
 Borrower DTTP Filing means an HM Revenue Customs Form DTTP2, duly completed and filed by the relevant Borrower within the applicable time limit, which contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence provided by the applicable Lender to the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(d). 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type and currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 -10 - 

Borrowing Request means a request by the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 . 
 Business Day means, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City; provided that (i) in relation to the calculation or computation of LIBOR, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in London, (ii) in relation to Loans denominated in Euro and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR, any day which is a TARGET Day or (iii) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only an RFR Business Day . 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Equivalents of any Person means cash equivalents as classified or accounted for as cash equivalents on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP. 
 CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 Central Bank Rate means, (A) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (c) Swiss Francs, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) as published by the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, and (d) any other Foreign Currency, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (ii) 0 ; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in: 
 (a) Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (x) the average of SONIA for the five (5) most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest 
 -11 - 

and the lowest SONIA applicable during such period of five (5) RFR Business Days) minus (y) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, 
 (b) Swiss Francs, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (x) the average of SARON for the five (5) most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SARON was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest SARON applicable during such period of five (5) RFR Business Days) minus (y) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Swiss Francs in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, 
 (c) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (x) the average of the EURIBO Rate for the five (5) most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBO Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBO Rate applicable during such period of five (5) Business Days) minus (y) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, and 
 (d) any other Foreign Currency, an adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) each Relevant Rate on any day shall be based on the Relevant Screen Rate (if applicable to such Relevant Rate) in respect of such Relevant Rate, as applicable, on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Foreign Currency for a maturity of one month (or, in the event the applicable Relevant Screen Rate for deposits in the applicable Foreign Currency is not available for such maturity of one month, shall be based on the Relevant Interpolated Rate for such Foreign Currency as of such time); provided that if any such Relevant Rate or Relevant Screen Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Change in Control means an event or series of events by which: 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding members of the Cabot family, any employee benefit plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire (such right, an option right ), whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of twenty-five percent (25 or more of the equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Company on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or 
 -12 - 

(b) during any period of twenty-four (24) consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Company cease to be composed of individuals i who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause i above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses i and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body; or 
 (c) the Company ceases to own, directly or indirectly, greater than 90 of the Equity Interests in each Borrower, or any Borrower ceases to be a consolidated Subsidiary of the Company. 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, or treaty (including any rules or regulations issued under or implementing any existing law) after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender (or by any applicable lending office of such Lender) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States of America or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case under Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.13 . 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.04 . The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 , or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. As of the Effective Date, the initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Commitments is 300,000,000. 
 Company has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. 
 -13 - 

Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E . 
 Computation Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04 . 
 Consolidated or consolidated means, with reference to any term defined herein, that term as applied to the accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries, consolidated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, with reference to any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (a) without duplication, to the extent deducted from revenues in determining such Consolidated Net Income, (i) interest expense (including capitalized interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with all Indebtedness, including for the deferred purchase price of assets and services, and fees and charges incurred under any Securitization Transactions), (ii) the provision for federal, state, local, foreign or other income taxes payable, (iii) depreciation expense, (iv) amortization expense, (v) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (vi) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring expenses, losses and charges, including (A) impairment charges, (B) any restructuring charges or restructuring reversals, (C) any loss from the sales of assets outside the ordinary course of business, (D) costs related to acquisitions and dispositions, including transaction costs (whether or not the transaction is consummated), charges for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and in-process research and development acquired, and the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and (E) amortization or write-off of debt discount and debt issuance costs and commissions, discounts, debt refinancing costs and commissions and other fees and charges associated with Indebtedness, and (vii) other non-cash charges and expenses, minus (b) to the extent included in such Consolidated Net Income, (i) all non-cash income or gains, (ii) interest income, (iii) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring income or gains (including any gain from the sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business), and (iv) income tax credits (to the extent not netted from income tax expense), all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis. For the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period, if during such period the Company or any Subsidiary shall have made a Permitted Acquisition or sale of any business or Subsidiary permitted hereunder, Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be calculated after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition (and all associated Indebtedness) or such sale of any business or Subsidiary on a Pro Forma Basis as if such Permitted Acquisition or sale of any business or Subsidiary occurred on the first day of such period. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, with reference to any period, the net income (or loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis (without duplication) for such period. 
 Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date minus (ii) Liquidity as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Reference Period ended on such date. 
 Consolidated Tangible Net Worth means, as of any date, (i) the consolidated stockholders equity of the Company as of such date (calculated excluding adjustments to translate foreign assets and liabilities for changes in foreign exchange rates made in accordance 
 -14 - 

with Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement Nos. 52 and 133), minus (ii) to the extent reflected in determining such consolidated stockholders equity as of such date, the amount of Intangible Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount as of such date of all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Consolidated Total Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of all assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis other than Intangible Assets. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor . 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lenders or any other Lender. 
 CTA means the Corporation Tax Act 2009. 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to (a) for any RFR Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, the greater of (i) SONIA for the day that is five (5) Business Days prior to (x) if such RFR Interest Day is a Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (y) if such RFR Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, and (ii) 0 , and (b) for any RFR Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, the greater of (i) SARON for the day that is five (5) Business Days prior to (x) if such RFR Interest Day is a Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (y) if such RFR Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, and (ii) 0 . Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in the applicable RFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the RFR without notice to the Company or the Borrowers. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent, after consultation with the Company, may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 -15 - 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days after the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified any Loan Party or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has, or has a Lender Parent that has, become the subject of a (A) Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 Designated Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. 
 Designated Borrower Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b) . 
 Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b) . 
 Disclosed Litigation has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.05(a) . 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States of America. 
 Dollar Amount of any amount of any currency means, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in U.S. Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in U.S. Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of U.S. Dollars with such Foreign Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of 
 -16 - 

exchange for the purchase of U.S. Dollar s with such Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in U.S. Dollar s as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, using any reasonable method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in U.S. Dollar s as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, using any reasonable method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate. 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then current Benchmark with respect to U.S. Dollars is the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of: 
 (1) an alternative benchmark rate being the evolving market convention that could reasonably be expected to become the prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated broadly syndicated credit facilities, and 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Company and the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent . 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution . 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.02 ). 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating to pollution and the protection of the environment, or the release of any Hazardous Material. 
 -17 - 

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. 
 Equivalent Amount of any currency with respect to any amount of U.S. Dollars at any date means the equivalent in such currency of such amount of U.S. Dollars, calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate for such other currency at 11:00 a.m. London time on the date on or as of which such amount is to be determined. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with any Loan Party, is treated as a single employer under subsections (b) and (c) of Section 414 of the Code (and, solely for the purposes of Section 412 of the Code, including subsections (m) and (o) of Section 414 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Multiemployer Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Sections 412 and 431 of the Code or Sections 302 and 304 of ERISA), whether or not waived, or the determination that any Multiemployer Plan is in either endangered status or critical status (as defined in Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA), or the failure of any Plan that is not a Multiemployer Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards of Sections 412 and 430 of the Code or Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA, or the determination that any Plan that is not a Multiemployer Plan is in at-risk status (as defined in Section 430(i) of the Code or Section 303(i) of ERISA) or the imposition of any lien on any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or Section 303(k) of ERISA; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 303(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan; (g) the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any 
 -18 - 

Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (h) the withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA); i the engagement by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate in a transaction that could reasonably be expected to be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (j) the engagement by any Loan Party in a non-exempt prohibited transaction (as defined under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) or a breach of a fiduciary duty under ERISA that could reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Company or any Subsidiary; (k) notification by the IRS of the failure of any Plan (and any related trust) that is intended to be qualified under Sections 401 and 501 of the Code to be so qualified; (l) the commencement, existence or threatening of a claim, action, suit or audit or other regulatory examination with respect to any Plan, other than a routine claim for benefits; or (m) the occurrence of an event with respect to any employee benefit plan described in Section 3(2) of ERISA that results in the imposition of an excise tax or any other liability on any Loan Party or of the imposition of a Lien on the assets of any Loan Party . 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time . 
 EURIBO Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the EURIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the EURIBO Screen Rate is available for Euro) that is shorter than the Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period; and (b) the EURIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the EURIBO Screen Rate is available for Euro) that exceeds the Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time; provided that, if any EURIBO Interpolated Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro and for any Interest Period, the EURIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two (2) TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that, if the EURIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period with respect to Euro then the EURIBO Rate shall be the EURIBO Interpolated Rate. 
 EURIBO Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro and for any Interest Period, the Euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of such rate) for Euro for the relevant period displayed on page EURIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. 
 -19 - 

If the EURIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 EURIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.07 . 
 Euro or means the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union. 
 Euro Amount of any currency at any date means (a) if such currency is Euro, the amount of such currency, or (b) with respect to any amount in any currency other than Euro, the equivalent in Euro of such amount, calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate for such currency on or as of the most recent Computation Date provided for in Section 2.04 . 
 Eurocurrency , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate. 
 Eurocurrency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to each Borrower (or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers) and each Lender. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII . 
 Exchange Rate means on any day, for purposes of determining the Equivalent Amount or Euro Amount of any currency, the rate at which such currency may be exchanged into Dollars or Euro, respectively, as set forth at approximately 11:00 a.m., Local Time, on such date on the Reuters World Currency Page for such currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Currency Page, the Exchange Rate with respect to such currency shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent or, in the event no such service is selected, such Exchange Rate shall instead be calculated on the basis of the arithmetical average of the spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent for such currency on the London market at 11:00 a.m., Local Time, on such date for the purchase of U.S. Dollars or Euro with such currency, for delivery two (2) Business Days later; provided , that if at the time of any such determination, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the Administrative Agent may use any reasonable method it deems appropriate to determine such rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by the United States of America, (ii) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office, or having a permanent establishment for Tax purposes (other than any permanent establishment that arises solely as a result of the actions contemplated by this Agreement), or in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (iii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. 
 -20 - 

Federal and United Kingdom withholding Taxes (excluding, in the case of United Kingdom withholding Taxes, (x) United Kingdom withholding Taxes with respect to which the applicable Lender as at the date of this Agreement is a UK Treaty Lender , and (y) United Kingdom withholding Taxes on payments made by any guarantor under any guarantee of the obligations) that are or would be required to be withheld on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which i such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrowers under Section 2.19(b) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (g) , (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, (e) any cost, loss or liability incurred in Luxembourg as a result of a voluntary registration or in accordance with a contractual obligation, or other action by a Credit Party with the Luxembourg Administration de l Enregistrement , des Domaines et de la TVA , where such registration or action is not necessary to enforce, maintain, perfect or protect the rights of any Credit Party under the Loan Documents, (f) any part of any cost, expense or liability which represents Recoverable VAT and (g) Swiss Withholding Tax imposed as a result of a Recipient i making an incorrect declaration of its status as to whether or not it is a Swiss Qualifying Bank or (ii) failing to comply with its obligations under Section 10.04 . 
 Existing Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 10.18 . 
 FATCA means (a) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and any other jurisdiction with the purpose (in either case) of facilitating the implementation of clause (a) above, or (c) any agreement pursuant to the implementation of clauses (a) or (b) above with the IRS, the United States government or any governmental or taxation authority in the United States. 
 FCA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.07 . 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate, provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Financial Officer means, with respect to any Loan Party, the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Loan Party. 
 -21 - 

Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the LIBO Rate, the EURIBO Rate, or each Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. 
 Foreign Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than U.S. Dollars. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Obligor means a Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States of America, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied, or if the Company adopts the International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS ), IFRS, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the holder of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 9.01 . 
 Guarantor means the Company. 
 -22 - 

Guaranty means Article IX of this Agreement. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 HMRC DT Treaty Passport Scheme means the administrative simplification scheme designed to assist certain non-UK lenders in accessing reduced withholding tax rates on interest that are available within the UK s tax treaties with other territories and which is administered by HM Revenue and Customs. 
 Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of EURIBO Rate . 
 Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of LIBO Rate . 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary practices), (e) all Indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed or is limited in recourse, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of another Person, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person arising under letters of credit, letters of guaranty, bankers acceptances and similar instruments (other than (i) commercial letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business to the extent there is no overdue reimbursement obligation in respect thereof, (ii) solely for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio, standby letters of credit and letters of guaranty issued in the ordinary course of business to the extent there is no overdue reimbursement obligation in respect thereof, and (iii) endorser liability with respect to bankers acceptances received by such Person as payment for goods or services in the ordinary course of business, so long as such Person is not the account party or drawer of the underlying draft), and (i) the outstanding principal amount of any Securitization Transaction of such Person, after taking into account reserve accounts. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other Person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Borrower under any 
 -23 - 

Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Index Debt means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company that is not guaranteed by any other Person (other than a Subsidiary that is a Borrower or guarantor of the obligations under the JPM Credit Agreement) or subject to any other credit enhancement. 
 Indonesian Borrower means (i) Cabot Indonesia, (ii) Cabot Asia Pacific and (iii) any other Borrower which is incorporated in Indonesia. 
 Ineligible Assignee means (a) a natural person, (b) any Loan Party or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of a Loan Party, or (c) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or a relative thereof; provided that such company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Assignee if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Intangible Assets means the amount of all unamortized debt discount and expense, goodwill, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, anticipated future benefit of tax loss carry-forwards, copyrights, organization or developmental expenses and other assets treated as intangible assets under GAAP (but not in any event including deferred taxes). 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrowers or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08 . 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such RFR Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the Maturity Date , (c) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three (3) months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three (3) months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Maturity Date, and (c) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any 
 -24 - 

Agreed Currency) , as the Borrowers or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, may elect; provided , that i if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day , (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or guaranty of any obligation or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 ITA means the Income Tax Act 2007. 
 JPM Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 6, 2021, by and among the Company, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended, amended and restated, extended, modified or supplemented from time to time, or replaced or refinanced, in each case, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, from time to time. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lenders. 
 -25 - 

LIBO Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for U.S. Dollars) that is shorter than the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period; and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for U.S. Dollars) that exceeds the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time; provided that if any LIBO Interpolated Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any Interest Period, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period ; provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period with respect to U.S. Dollars then the LIBO Rate shall be the LIBO Interpolated Rate. 
 
 LIBO Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for the relevant currency) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 LIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.07 . 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Liquidity means at any time, the lesser of (i) the amount of unrestricted and unencumbered (other than Permitted Encumbrances) cash and Cash Equivalents of the Company and its Subsidiaries at such time and (ii) 150,000,000. 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, each Note delivered pursuant to this Agreement, and any other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and delivered to or in favor of the Credit Parties concurrently 
 -26 - 

herewith or hereafter in connection with the Transactions hereunder, including any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto or waivers thereof. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrowers and the Guarantor, and the term Loan Party shall mean any one of them or all of them individually, as the context may require. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Local Time means (a) in the case of a Loan or Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, New York City time, and (b) in the case of a Loan or Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency, local time (it being understood that such local time shall mean London, England time unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent). 
 Material Acquisition means any Permitted Acquisition where the aggregate cash consideration exceeds 500,000,000. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, property or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (b) the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or the rights or remedies of the Credit Parties thereunder. 
 Maturity Date means the earlier of (i) May 22, 2024 and (ii) the date of maturity, termination or expiration of the JPM Credit Agreement. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.13 . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Notes means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Notes and the Swingline Note. 
 Notice of Account Designation has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.07 . 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 -27 - 

Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any debtor relief laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-United States jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Benchmark Rate Election means, with respect to any Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, if the then-current Benchmark is the LIBO Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the occurrence of: 
 (a) a request by the Company to the Administrative Agent to notify each of the other parties hereto that, at the determination of the Company, U.S. Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed), in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, a term benchmark rate as a benchmark rate, and 
 (b) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 Original Closing Date means May 22, 2019. 
 Original Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, enforced, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document) and which shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated as Excluded Taxes. 
 -28 - 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19 ). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, an overnight rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(c) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(c) . 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.17(a) . 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.17(b) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Company or any Subsidiary that satisfies the following conditions: 
 (a) in the case of an Acquisition of the Equity Interests of any Person, the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of such other Person shall have approved the Acquisition; and 
 (b) i) no Default shall exist and be continuing immediately before or immediately after giving effect thereto, (ii) the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in any Loan Document (other than the representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.04(b), 3.05 and 3.09) shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation or warranty is already qualified by concepts of materiality) on and as of the date of such Acquisition (after giving effect thereto), and (iii) in the case of an Acquisition of any Person where the aggregate cash consideration exceeds 200,000,000, the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such Acquisition on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio covenant set forth in Section 6.05 as of the most recent fiscal quarter for which the Loan Parties have delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01 (a) or (b) . 
 -29 - 

Permitted Encumbrances means: 
 (a) Liens imposed by law (other than Liens imposed under ERISA) for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04(a); 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s, lessors and other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04(a); 
 (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations (other than any Lien imposed under ERISA ); 
 (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
 (e) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under clause (j) of Article VII; and 
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances affecting real property that do not secure any substantial amount and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the applicable Person; 
 provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 
 Permitted Investments means (i) cash and Cash Equivalents and (ii) any Investment by the Company or any Subsidiary that satisfies the following conditions: (a) no Default shall exist and be continuing immediately before or immediately after giving effect thereto, (b) the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in any Loan Document (other than the representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.04(b) , 3.05 and 3.09 shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation or warranty is already qualified by concepts of materiality) on and as of the date of such Investment (after giving effect thereto), and (c) in the case of an Investment in any Person (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) where the aggregate amount of such Investment exceeds 200,000,000, the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such Investment on a Pro Forma Basis, the Company and its Subsidiaries would be in compliance with the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio covenant set forth in Section 6.05 as of the most recent fiscal quarter for which the Loan Parties have delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) . 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of 
 -30 - 

ERISA, and in respect of which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 
 Pounds Sterling or means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Prime Rate means, at any time, the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective as of the opening of business on the day such change in such prime rate occurs. The parties hereto acknowledge that the rate announced publicly by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate is an index or base rate and shall not necessarily be its lowest or best rate charged to its customers or other banks. 
 Pro Forma Basis means, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio covenant set forth in Section 6.05 , that any Acquisition, Investment or any sale of any business or Subsidiary shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the most recent four (4) fiscal quarter period preceding the date of such transaction for which the Company has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) . In connection with the foregoing, (a) income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the Person or property acquired, or business or Subsidiary sold, shall be included to the extent relating to any period applicable in such calculations to the extent (i) such items are not otherwise included in such income statement items for the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP or in accordance with any defined terms set forth in Section 1.01 and (ii) such items are supported by audited financial statements or other information reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Company or any Subsidiary (including the Person or property acquired) in connection with such transaction and any Indebtedness of the Person or property acquired which is not retired in connection with such transaction shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable period. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Recipient means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any Lender. 
 Recoverable VAT means any amount of VAT in respect of which the relevant Recipient is entitled to credit or repayment in the relevant jurisdiction. 
 Reference Period means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company and its Subsidiaries ending on such date. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is the LIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m., London time, on the day that is two (2) London 
 -31 - 

banking days preceding the date of such setting, (ii) if such Benchmark is the EURIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m. , Brussels time two (2) TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (iii if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then five (5) Business Days prior to such setting, i v) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SARON, then five (5) Business D ays prior to such setting or (v if such Benchmark is none of the LIBO Rate, the EURIBO Rate, SONIA or SARON, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion after consultation with the Company . 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Adjusted Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Adjusted LIBO Rate or (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euro, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Swiss Francs, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (v with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof . 
 Relevant Interpolated Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the LIBO Interpolated Rate or (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro, the EURIBO Interpolated Rate . 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the LIBO Rate, (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro, the EURIBO Rate, (iii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds 
 -32 - 

Sterling, SONIA or (iv) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, SARON. 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the LIBO Screen Rate or (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro, the EURIBO Screen Rate . 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.20 , at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than fifty percent (50 of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time; provided that (i) if there are two or three Lenders at such time (Lenders that are Affiliates of one another being considered as one Lender for the purposes of this clause (i )), Required Lenders shall mean at least two Lenders holding such minimum percentage, (ii) for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VII, and for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments expire or terminate, then, as to each Lender, clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable for purposes of determining its Revolving Credit Exposure to the extent such Lender shall have funded its participation in the outstanding Swingline Loans, and (iii) for the purpose of determining the Required Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent, any Lender that is a Borrower, or any Affiliate of a Borrower shall be disregarded. For the avoidance of doubt, assignments to any Borrower, or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any Borrower shall not be permitted hereunder in accordance with Section 10.04(b) . 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a Lender evidencing the Revolving Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit F-1 , and any substitutes therefor, and any replacements, restatements, renewals or extension thereof, in whole or in part. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.03 . 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, SONIA and (b) Swiss Francs, SARON. 
 RFR Administrator means the SONIA Administrator or the SARON Administrator. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (b) Swiss Francs, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich. 
 -33- 

RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple RFR. 
 S P means Standard Poor s. 
 Sanctioned Country means at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself (or whose government is) the subject or target of any Sanctions (including, as of the Effective Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC (including OFAC s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List and OFAC s Consolidated Non-SDN List) , the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European member state, Her Majesty s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in clauses (a) and (b) . 
 SARON means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator s Website. 
 SARON Administrator means the SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ). 
 SARON Administrator s Website means SIX Swiss Exchange AG s website, currently at https://www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. 
 Sanctions means any and all economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes and anti-terrorism laws imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. government (including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority in any jurisdiction. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission. 
 Securitization Transaction means any financing transaction or series of financing transactions (including factoring arrangements) pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary may sell, convey or otherwise transfer, or grant a security interest in, accounts, payments, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment to a special purpose subsidiary or affiliate of the Company. 
 Significant Subsidiary means each Domestic Subsidiary of the Company now existing or hereafter acquired or formed, and each successor thereto, with respect to which, after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition or formation, or at any other time thereafter: 
 -34 - 

(a) the Company s and its other Subsidiaries Investments in such Domestic Subsidiary exceed ten percent (10 of the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; 
 (b) the Company s and its other Subsidiaries proportionate share of the total assets (after intercompany eliminations) of such Domestic Subsidiary exceeds ten percent (10 of the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; or 
 (c) the Company s and its other Subsidiaries equity in the income from continuing operations before income taxes, extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle of such Domestic Subsidiary exceeds ten percent (10 of such income of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 -35 - 

Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the applicable Relevant Adjusted Rate for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D of the Board) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board. Eurocurrency Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage . 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than fifty percent (50 of the equity or more than fifty percent (50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than fifty percent (50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 Swingline Commitment means, as to any Lender, (a) the applicable amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or (b) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Assumption, the amount set forth for such Lender as its Swingline Commitment in the Register. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time other than with respect to any Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a 
 -36 - 

Swingline Lender and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as a Swingline Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans). 
 Swingline Lenders means, collectively, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and any Lender that assumes all or any portion of another Lender s Swingline Commitment in accordance with Section 2.05(a)(ii) , each in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05 . 
 Swingline Note means a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of the Swingline Lender evidencing the Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit F-2 , and any substitutes therefor, and any replacements, restatements, renewals or extension thereof, in whole or in part. 
 Swiss 10 Non-Bank Rule means the rule that the aggregate number of Lenders under the Loan Documents which are not Swiss Qualifying Banks must not at any time exceed ten (10), all in accordance with the meaning of the Swiss Guidelines or legislation or explanatory notes addressing the same issues that are in force at such time. 
 Swiss 20 Non-Bank Rule means the rule that the aggregate number of creditors (including the Lenders under this Agreement), other than Swiss Qualifying Banks, of a Swiss Borrower under all its outstanding debts relevant for classification as debenture Kassenobligation (within the meaning of the applicable Swiss Guidelines and Swiss Tax laws), such as (intragroup) loans (if and to the extent intragroup loans are not exempt in accordance with article 14(a) of the Swiss Federal Ordinance on Swiss Withholding Tax), facilities and/or private placements (including under the Loan Documents) must not at any time exceed twenty (20), all in accordance with the meaning of the Swiss Guidelines or legislation or explanatory notes addressing the same issues that are in force at such time. 
 Swiss Borrower means (i) Cabot Switzerland, (ii) Cabot Luxembourg (if acting via its Swiss branch), and (iii) any other Borrower which is incorporated in Switzerland or, if different, is considered to be tax resident in Switzerland for Swiss Withholding Tax purposes. 
 Swiss Federal Tax Administration means the tax authorities referred to in article 34 of the Swiss Withholding Tax Act. 
 Swiss Francs means the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
 Swiss Guidelines means, together, guideline S-02.123 in relation to interbank loans of 22 September 1986 (Merkblatt "Verrechnungssteuer auf Zinsen von Bankguthaben, deren Gl ubiger Banken sind (Interbankguthaben)" vom 22. September 1986), guideline S-02.122.1 in relation to bonds of April 1999 (Merkblatt "Obligationen" vom April 1999), guideline S-02.130.1 in relation to money market instruments and book claims of April 1999 (Merkblatt vom April 1999 betreffend Geldmarktpapiere und Buchforderungen inl ndischer Schuldner), guideline S-02.128 in relation to syndicated credit facilities of January 2000 (Merkblatt "Steuerliche Behandlung von Konsortialdarlehen, Schuldscheindarlehen, Wechseln und 
 -37 - 

Unterbeteiligungen " vom Januar 2000), circular letter No. 34 of 26 July 2011 (1-034-V-2011) in relation to deposits Kreisschreiben Nr. 34 " Kundenguthaben " vom 26. Juli 2011) and the circular letter No. 15 of 3 October 2017 (1-015-DVS-2017) in relation to bonds and derivative financial instruments as subject matter of taxation of Swiss federal income tax, Swiss withholding tax and Swiss stamp taxes Kreisschreiben Nr. 15 " Obligationen und derivative Finanzinstrumente als Gegenstand der direkten Bundessteuer , der Verrechnungssteuer und der Stempelabgaben " vom 3. Oktober 2017), in each case as issued, amended or replaced from time to time, by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration or as substituted or superseded and overruled by any law, statute, ordinance, court decision, regulation or the like as in force from time to time. 
 Swiss Non-Bank Rules means, together, the Swiss 10 Non-Bank Rule and the Swiss 20 Non-Bank Rule. 
 Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Bank means a Lender under this Agreement which is not a Swiss Qualifying Bank. 
 Swiss Qualifying Bank means: (a) any bank as defined in the Swiss Federal Act for Banks and Savings Banks dated 8 November 1934 (Bundesgesetz ber die Banken und Sparkassen); or (b) a person or entity which effectively conducts banking activities with its own infrastructure and staff as its principal purpose and which has a banking license in full force and effect issued in accordance with the banking laws in force in its jurisdiction of incorporation, or if acting through a branch, issued in accordance with the banking laws in the jurisdiction of such branch, all and in each case within the meaning of the Swiss Guidelines. 
 Swiss Withholding Tax means taxes imposed under the Swiss Withholding Tax Act. 
 Swiss Withholding Tax Act means the Swiss Federal Act on the Withholding Tax of 13 October 1965 (Bundesgesetz ber die Verrechnungssteuer). 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system that utilizes a single shared platform, which was launched on November 19, 2007. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro . 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 -38 - 

Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body , (b) the Administrative Agent and the Company agree (which agreement of the Company shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) that Term SOFR has become the then-prevailing market convention or an evolving market convention that could reasonably be expected to become the prevailing market convention for U.S. dollar-denominated broadly syndicated credit facilities, (c) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (d) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election), has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement for Loans in U.S. Dollars in accordance with Section 2.14 that is not Term SOFR. 
 Total Capitalization means, as of any date, Consolidated Total Debt plus the consolidated stockholders equity of the Company and its Subsidiaries (calculated excluding adjustments to translate foreign assets and liabilities for changes in foreign exchange rates made in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement Nos. 52 and 133), all as would be presented according to GAAP in a consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of such date. 
 Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of all Lenders Revolving Loans and their Swingline Exposure at such time; provided , that, clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable to the extent Lenders shall have funded their respective participations in the outstanding Swingline Loans. 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is a party, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to a Relevant Adjusted Rate, the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate. 
 UK Borrower means any Borrower (a) that is organized or formed under the laws of the United Kingdom or (b) payments from which under this Agreement or any other Loan Document are subject to withholding Taxes imposed by the laws of the United Kingdom. 
 UK Non-Bank Lender means a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender by a UK Borrower in respect of an advance under this Agreement and is a Lender which is: 
 (a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes; 
 (b) a partnership each member of which is: i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or (ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any 
 -39 - 

share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA; 
 (c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company. 
 UK Qualifying Lender means: 
 (a) a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable by a UK Borrower to that Lender in respect of an advance under this Agreement and is: 
 (i) a Lender: 

(A) 
 
 which is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) making an advance under this Agreement and is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or would be within such charge as respects such payments apart from section 18A of the CTA; or 

(B) 
 
 in respect of an advance made under this Agreement by a person that was a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) at the time that that advance was made and within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance; or 

 (ii) a Lender which is: 

(A) 
 
 a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes; 

(B) 
 
 a partnership each member of which is: 

a. 
 
 a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or 

b. 
 
 a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA; 

(C) 
 
 a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company; or 

 -40 - 

(iii) a UK Treaty Lender; or 
 (b) a Lender which is a building society (as defined for the purpose of section 880 of the ITA) making an advance under this Agreement. 
 UK Tax Confirmation means a confirmation by a Lender that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender by a UK Borrower in respect of an advance under this Agreement is either: 
 (i) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes; 
 (ii) a partnership each member of which is: 

(A) 
 
 a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or 

(B) 
 
 a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA; or 

 (iii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company. 
 UK Treaty Lender means 

(a) 
 
 in respect of a payment by a UK Borrower under this Agreement, a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable by that UK Borrower in respect of an advance under this Agreement and: 

i 
 
 is treated as a resident of a UK Treaty State for the purposes of the UK Treaty; 

(ii) 
 
 does not carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Lender s participation in the Loan is effectively connected; and 

(iii) 
 
 fulfils any other conditions which must be fulfilled by that Lender under the UK Treaty in order to benefit from full exemption from Tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest payments such that any payment of interest may be made by the UK Borrower to that Lender without incurring a Tax Deduction, including the completion of any necessary procedural formalities (but such Lender will have completed all necessary procedural formalities for this purpose if it complies with Section 2.17(g)(ii) ). 

 -41 - 

UK Treaty State means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a UK Treaty with the United Kingdom which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 U.S. Dollars or means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3) . 
 VAT means any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112) as amended; and any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, or imposed elsewhere. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule . 
 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e . g ., a Revolving Loan or by Type e . g ., a Eurocurrency Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type e . g ., a Eurocurrency Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e . g ., a Revolving Borrowing or by Type e . g ., a Eurocurrency Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing or by Class and Type e . g ., a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , 
 -42- 

and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) any reference to any law, rule or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Such amendment, regardless of whether requested by the Company or the Required Lenders, shall be negotiated in good faith by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein. 
 SECTION 1.05 Interest Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of LIBO Rate or with respect to any comparable or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 
 SECTION 1.06 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 SECTION 1.07 Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be 
 -43- 

permanently discontinued, and/or the basis on which they are calculated may change . The London interbank offered rate LIBOR is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA publicly announced that: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, publication of all seven Euro LIBOR settings, all seven Swiss Franc LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Pound Sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease; immediately after June 30, 2023, publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease; immediately after December 31, 2021, and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Pound Sterling LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to consultation by the FCA, be provided on a changed methodology (or synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; and immediately after June 30, 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to the FCA s consideration of the case, be provided on a synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. There is no assurance that dates announced by the FCA will not change or that the administrator of LIBOR and/or regulators will not take further action that could impact the availability, composition, or characteristics of LIBOR or the currencies and/or tenors for which LIBOR is published. Each party to this agreement should consult its own advisors to stay informed of any such developments . Public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of LIBOR. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Even t, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election , Section 2.14 (b) and Section 2.14 (c) provide a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company , pursuant to Section 2.14 (e) , of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission , performance or any other matter related to the D aily Simple RFR, LIBOR, EURIBOR, or other rates in the definition of LIBO Rate (or EURI BO Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, i any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.14 (b) or Section 2.14 (c) , whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Even t, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election , and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.14 (d) ), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Daily Simple RFR, the LIBO Rate (or the EURIBO Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did LIBOR (or the Euro interbank offered rate EURIBOR prior to its discontinuance or unavailability . The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any Daily Simple RFR, any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any RFR, Daily Simple RFR or Relevant Rate, any component thereof, or rates 
 -44- 

referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower s , any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service . 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10 in, subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(c) , (a) the Euro Amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment or (b) the Euro Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the total Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14 , each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised (i) in the case of Borrowings in U.S. Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans, (ii) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Eurocurrency Loans (in the case of Borrowings in Euro) or RFR Loans (in the case of Borrowings in Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs), as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, may request in accordance herewith, provided that ABR Loans shall be only available in U.S. Dollars. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan to any Borrower, by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing or RFR Revolving Borrowing (as applicable), such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is (i) an integral multiple of (A) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, 1,000,000, (B) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Euro, 1,000,000, (C) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, 1,000,000, (D) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, 1,000,000 CHF, and (E) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any other Foreign Currency, the smallest amount of such Foreign Currency that has an Equivalent Amount in excess of 1,000,000, and (ii) not less than (A) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, 1,000,000, (B) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Euro, 1,000,000, (C) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, 1,000,000, (D) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, 1,000,000 CHF, and (E) in the case of a 
 -45 - 

Borrowing denominated in any other Foreign Currency, the smallest amount of such Foreign Currency that has an Equivalent Amount in excess of 1,000,000. At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is not less than 250,000; provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments. Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is not less than 250,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of fifteen (15 Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowings or RFR Revolving Borrowings outstanding , collectively . 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Revolving Borrowings . To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by submitting a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers (or, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, by telephone confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers) (a) in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro, not later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (c) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs, not later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, or (d) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 : 
 (i) the Borrower requesting such Borrowing; 
 (ii) the currency and aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing in such currency; 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 
 (iv) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Eurocurrency Borrowing, or an RFR Borrowing, as applicable; and 
 -46 - 

(v) in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If no currency is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Borrowing, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then, (A) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing, (B) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any Foreign Currency (other than Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs), the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be a Eurocurrency Borrowing, and (C) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs, the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an RFR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, then the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.04 Determination of Euro Amounts . The Administrative Agent will determine the Euro Amount of: 
 (a) each Eurocurrency Borrowing as of the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such Borrowing or, if applicable, the date of conversion or continuation of any Borrowing as a Eurocurrency Borrowing; and 
 (b) all outstanding Revolving Loans on and as of the last Business Day of each calendar quarter and, during the continuation of an Event of Default, on any other Business Day elected by the Administrative Agent in its discretion or upon instruction by the Required Lenders. 
 Each day upon or as of which the Administrative Agent determines Euro Amounts as described in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) is herein described as a Computation Date with respect to each Borrowing for which a Euro Amount is determined on or as of such day. 
 SECTION 2.05 Swingline Loans . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Swingline Lender may in its sole discretion (and without any obligation to do so) make Swingline Loans in U.S. Dollars to the Borrowers from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans made by such Swingline Lender exceeding such Swingline Lender s Swingline Commitment, (ii) the Euro Amount of such Swingline Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment (such Commitment to be calculated without giving effect to any assignment of any portion of the initial Swingline Lender s original Commitment as of the Original Closing Date, unless such Swingline Lender also assigns a proportional amount of its Swingline Commitment to the assignee or to another Lender with a Commitment at least equal to the Commitment amount being assigned), or (iii) the Euro Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the total Commitments; provided that a Swingline Lender 
 -47 - 

shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone or electronic mail not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the applicable Borrower requesting such Swingline Loan, the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lenders of any such notice received from the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers. Each Swingline Lender shall make its ratable portion of the requested Swingline Loan (such ratable portion to be calculated based upon such Swingline Lender s Swingline Commitment in proportion to the total Swingline Commitments of all of the Swingline Lenders) available to the applicable Borrower by means of a credit to an account of the applicable Borrower with the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (c) The failure of any Swingline Lender to make its ratable portion of a Swingline Loan shall not relieve any other Swingline Lender of its obligation hereunder to make its ratable portion of such Swingline Loan on the date of such Swingline Loan, but no Swingline Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Swingline Lender to make the ratable portion of a Swingline Loan to be made by such other Swingline Lender on the date of any Swingline Loan. 
 (d) Any Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of its Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, then no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Business Day, and if received after 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, then no later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to such Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such 
 -48 - 

Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to such Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by a Swingline Lender from the Borrowers (or other party on behalf of the Borrowers) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to such Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to such Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrowers for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrowers of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (e) Any Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company (on behalf of the Borrowers), the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of a Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers (or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers) shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(a) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (f) Subject to the prior appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, any Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company (on behalf of the Borrowers) and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(e) above. 
 SECTION 2.06 [Reserved] . 
 SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, by 12:00 noon, New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders, and (ii) in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, by 12:00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Payment Office for such Foreign Currency and at such Eurocurrency Payment Office; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05 . The Borrowers hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds of each borrowing requested pursuant to this Section in 
 -49 - 

immediately available funds by crediting or wiring such proceeds to the deposit account of the Borrowers identified in the most recent notice substantially in the form attached as Exhibit G (a Notice of Account Designation delivered by the Borrowers (or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers) to the Administrative Agent or as may be otherwise agreed upon by the Borrowers (or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers) and the Administrative Agent from time to time. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the applicable Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to (x) in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, an account of such Borrower designated in the Notice of Account Designation , and (y) in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, an account of such Borrower designated in the Notice of Account Designation . 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing (or in the case of an ABR Borrowing, prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the applicable Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans, or in the case of Foreign Currencies, in accordance with relevant market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections . 
 (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrowers or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrowers or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrowers or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by electronic mail of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative 
 -50 - 

Agent and signed by the Borrowers or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers (or, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, by telephone confirmed promptly by hand delivery or electronic mail to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrowers or the Company , on behalf of the Borrowers) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrowers or the Company , on behalf of the Borrowers, were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, the Borrowers or the Company shall not be permitted to i change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Eurocurrency Loans that does not comply with Section 2. 0 2(d) or (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available to the applicable Borrower for such Borrowing when it was made. 
 (c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 : 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or Eurocurrency Borrowing, as applicable; and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing, but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrowers and the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month s duration. 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) If the Borrowers or the Company fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period (i) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing, and (ii) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Euro, such Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Eurocurrency Borrowing in Euro with an Interest Period of one (1) month. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the 
 -51- 

Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (x) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing, and (y) unless repaid, i each Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and (ii each Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Euro shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Euros plus the Applicable Rate; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Euros cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Loans deno minated in Euros shall either be (A) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount for Euros at the end of the Interest Period therefor or (B) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period in full; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Eurocurrency Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above . 
 SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) The Borrowers may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 1,000,000 and (ii) the Borrowers shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11 , the Euro Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the total Commitments. 
 (c) The Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Company pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 SECTION 2.10 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) Each Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made to such Borrower on the Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan and (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lenders the then unpaid 
 -52 - 

principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the fifth (5 th Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made to the Borrowers, the Borrowers shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding, and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made to such Borrower by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register pursuant to Section 10.04(b)(iv) in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of each Borrower to repay the Loans made to such Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a Note. In such event, the Borrowers shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 10.04 be represented by one or more Notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a) The Borrowers shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that each prepayment shall be in an aggregate amount that is (i) an integral multiple of (A) in the case of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, 100,000, (B) in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, 1,000,000, and (C) in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing denominated in any Foreign Currency, the smallest amount of such Foreign Currency that has an Equivalent Amount in excess of 1,000,000, and (ii) not less than (A) in the case of a Swingline Borrowing, 100,000, (B) in the case of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, 1,000,000, (C) in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, 1,000,000, and (D) in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing denominated in any Foreign Currency, the smallest amount of such Foreign Currency that has an Equivalent Amount in excess of 1,000,000. 
 -53 - 

(b) The Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of Swingline Loans, the Company shall notify the Swingline Lenders) by telecopy or electronic mail of a written notice signed by the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers (or, in the case of a prepayment of a Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, by telephone confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy or electronic mail to the Administrative Agent of a written notice signed by the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers) of any prepayment hereunder i in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency, not later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, four (4) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iii) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs, not later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time (5) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iv) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment or (v) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such telephonic and written notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09 , then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09 . Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2. 0 2 . Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and break funding payments to the extent required by Section 2.16 . 
 (c) If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate principal Euro Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposures (calculated, with respect to Revolving Loans denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Revolving Loans) exceeds the total Commitments or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the aggregate principal Euro Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposures (so calculated), as of the most recent Computation Date, exceeds one hundred five percent (105 of the total Commitments, then the Borrowers shall, in each case, immediately repay Borrowings in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause the Euro Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposures (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the total Commitments. 
 SECTION 2.12 Fees . 
 (a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether used or unused) during the period from and including the Original Closing Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates; provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of 
 -54 - 

such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Accrued facility fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty (360) days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For the avoidance of doubt, for time periods prior to the Effective Date, the facility fee shall accrue as set forth in the Original Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger, for its own respective accounts, currency, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between such Borrower, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent or the Arranger, on the other. 
 (c) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Euros and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 2.13 Interest . 
 (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Borrowing shall bear interest at the applicable Relevant Adjusted Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrowers hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, two percent (2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, two percent (2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Loan prior to the end 
 -55 - 

of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. All interest shall be payable in the currency in which the applicable Loan is denominated. 
 (f) Interest computed by reference to the LIBO Rate, the EURIBO Rate or Daily Simple RFR with respect to Swiss Francs hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. Interest computed by reference to the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Pounds Sterling or the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five (365) days (or three hundred sixty-six (366) days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Relevant Adjusted Rate, Relevant Rate, or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b) , (c) , (d) , (e) , (f) and (g) of this Section 2.14 : 
 (i) if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Relevant Adjusted Rate or Relevant Rate (including because the applicable Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency ; or 
 (ii) if the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the applicable Relevant Adjusted Rate or Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency , 
 then the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, which the Administrative Agent agrees promptly to do, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Borrowing shall be ineffective, (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing in U.S. Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing, and (iii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing or an RFR 
 -56- 

Borrowing for the relevant rate above in a Foreign Currency, then such request shall be ineffective; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan or RFR Loan, then until the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (1) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in U.S. Dollar s, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Eurocurrency Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated i n U.S. Dollars on such day, (2) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in Euros , then such Eurocurrency Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the Applicable Rate; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines , in consultation with the Company, that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Loans denominated Euro shall, at the Company s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower in full immediately or (B) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount for Euros immediately , or 3 if such RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than U.S. Dollar s, then such RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the Applicable Rate; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines , in consultation with the Company, that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency, at the Company s election, shall either (x) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in U.S. Dollar s (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (y) be prepaid in full immediately . 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to U.S. Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action (other than any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes made pursuant to clause (d) below) or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action (other than any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes made pursuant to clause (d) below) or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other 
 -57 - 

Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders . 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, with respect to a Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that , this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Company a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion . 
 (d) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that the Administrative Agent shall deliver a copy of any such amendment to the Company for consultation at least five (5) Business Days prior to the effectiveness thereof (or such shorter period as agreed by the Company) . 
 (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14 . 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or any Relevant Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion after consultation with the Company or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or 
 -58- 

publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause i above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor . 
 (g) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Company may revoke any request for a Eurocurrency Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Company will be deemed to have converted any request for a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans or (y) any request for a Eurocurrency Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14 , (i) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in U.S. Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Eurocurrency Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars on such day, and (ii) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in Euros, then such Eurocurrency Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the Applicable Rate; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines, in consultation with the Company, that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Euros shall, at the Company s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower in full immediately or (B) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount for Euros) immediately, or (iv) if such RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than U.S. Dollars, then such RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the Applicable Rate; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines, in consultation with the Company, that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, at the Company s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately . 
 -59 - 

SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs . 
 (a) If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the applicable Relevant Adjusted Rate); 
 (ii) impose on any Lender any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting any Loan Document or Loans made by such Lender; or 
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than Indemnified Taxes or Excluded Taxes; provided , however , that Other Connection Taxes imposed specifically with respect to banks, financial institutions, or financial transactions by any national or international taxing authority shall not be treated as Excluded Taxes for purposes of this Section 2.15(a)(iii) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan (including pursuant to any conversion of any Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency to a Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise (including pursuant to any conversion of any Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency to a Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency), then the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of any Loan Document or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the applicable Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrowers and shall be conclusive absent 
 -60 - 

manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than two hundred seventy (270) days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrowers of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the two hundred seventy (270) day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments . 
 (a) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11 ), (ii) the conversion of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurocurrency Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iv) the assignment of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.19 or (v) the failure by the applicable Borrower to make any payment of any Loan (or interest due thereof) on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Company shall compensate (or cause the applicable Borrower to compensate) each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. Such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred at the applicable Relevant Adjusted Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the applicable offshore market for such Agreed Currency, whether or not such Eurocurrency Loan was in fact so funded. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay (or cause the applicable Borrower to pay) such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11 ), 
 -61 - 

(ii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or (iv) the failure by the applicable Borrower to make any payment of any Loan (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event . A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay (or cause the applicable Borrower to pay) such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 2.17 Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment, then the person required by law to make such deduction or withholding shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . The Borrowers shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 (c) Evidence of Payment . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17 , such Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Borrowers . Subject to Section 9.11 , each Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, with several liability, to the extent on account of such Borrower or Loans made to such Borrower, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the applicable Borrower by a Lender (with a 
 -62 - 

copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e) . 
 (f) Status of Lenders. 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any applicable withholding Tax, under the law of the jurisdiction imposing such withholding tax or under any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation (including any Tax confirmations) reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender, (it being understood that providing any information currently required by any U.S. federal income tax withholding form shall not be considered prejudicial to the position of a Recipient). 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 -63 - 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) 
 
 in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(2) 
 
 in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) 
 
 in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of such Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E; or 

(4) 
 
 to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 or Exhibit B-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the 

 -64 - 

Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) Additional United Kingdom Withholding Tax Matters or Swiss Withholding Tax Matters. 
 (i) Subject to clause (ii) below, each Lender, each UK Borrower and each Swiss Borrower which makes a payment to such Lender shall cooperate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for such UK Borrower and such Swiss Borrower to obtain authorization to make such payment without withholding or deduction for Taxes imposed under the laws of the United Kingdom or Switzerland. 

(ii) 

-65 - 

(ii) 
 (A) A Lender which at any time (x) holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and (y) wishes such scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall: (i) in the case of any Lender which is a party to this Agreement on the day on which this Agreement is entered into, confirm for the benefit of each UK Borrower and Administrative Agent its valid scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence opposite its name in the signature page to this Agreement; and (ii) in the case of any Lender which becomes a party to this Agreement after the date of this Agreement, confirm for the benefit of each UK Borrower and the Administrative Agreement its valid scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in the Assignment and Assumption or other document which it executes on becoming a party. 
 (B) Upon satisfying clause (A) above, such Lender shall have satisfied its obligation under paragraph (g)(i) above in respect of any withholding or deduction for Taxes imposed under the laws of the United Kingdom. 

(iii) 
 
 If a Lender has confirmed its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (g)(ii) above, the UK Borrower(s) shall make a Borrower DTTP Filing with respect to such Lender, and shall promptly provide such Lender with a copy of such filing; provided that, if: 

 (A) each UK Borrower making a payment to such Lender has not made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of such Lender; or 
 (B) each UK Borrower making a payment to such Lender has made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of such Lender but: 

(1) 
 
 such Borrower DTTP Filing has been rejected by HM Revenue Customs; or 

(2) 
 
 HM Revenue Customs has not given such UK Borrower authority to make payments to such Lender without a deduction for tax within sixty (60) days of the date of such Borrower DTTP Filing; or 

(3) 
 
 HM Revenue Customs has given authority for the Borrower to make payment to that Lender without a Tax Deduction and that authority expires or is withdrawn by HM Revenue Customs; or 

 (C) that Lender s HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme passport has expired, and in each case, such UK Borrower has notified that Lender in writing of either (A) , (B) or (C) above, then such Lender and such UK Borrower shall co-operate in completing any additional procedural formalities necessary for such UK Borrower to obtain authorization to make that payment without withholding or deduction for Taxes imposed under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
 -66 - 

(iv) 
 
 If a Lender has not confirmed its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (g)(ii) above, no UK Borrower shall make a Borrower DTTP Filing or file any other form relating to the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme in respect of that Lender s Commitment or its participation in any Loan unless the Lender otherwise agrees. 

(v) 
 
 Each UK Borrower shall, promptly on making a Borrower DTTP Filing, deliver a copy of such Borrower DTTP Filing to the Administrative Agent for delivery to the relevant Lender. 

(vi) 
 
 Each Lender which becomes a party to this Agreement after the date of this Agreement and which is a UK Non-Bank Lender in respect of a UK Borrower, shall provide a UK Tax Confirmation to each UK Borrower and Administrative Agent in the Assignment and Assumption or other document which it executes on becoming a Party as Lender. 

(vii) 
 
 A UK Non-Bank Lender shall promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent if there is any change in the position from that set out in the UK Tax Confirmation. 

(viii) 
 
 Each Lender which becomes a party to this Agreement by transfer or assignment under Section 10.04 after the day on which this Agreement is entered into shall indicate, in the Assignment and Assumption or other document which it executes on becoming a party, and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and each UK Borrower and each Swiss Borrower, which of the following categories it falls in: 

 (A) in respect of a UK Borrower: 
 (i) a UK Qualifying Lender; 
 (ii) a UK Qualifying Lender (other than a UK Treaty Lender); or 
 (iii) a UK Treaty Lender; and 

(B) 
 
 in respect of a Swiss Borrower: 

i 
 
 a Swiss Qualifying Bank; or 

(ii) 
 
 not a Swiss Qualifying Bank 

(ix) 
 
 If a Lender which becomes a party after the day on which this Agreement is entered into fails to indicate its status in accordance with Section 2.17(g)(viii) then such Lender shall be treated for the purposes of this Agreement as if it is not a UK Qualifying Lender and not a Swiss Qualifying Bank until such time as it notifies the Administrative Agent which category applies (and the Administrative Agent, upon receipt of 

 -67 - 

such notification, shall inform the Company for the benefit of each UK Borrower and each Swiss Borrower). For the avoidance of doubt, an Assignment and Assumption shall not be invalidated by any failure of a Lender to comply with Section 2.17(g)(viii) . 

(x) 
 
 A copy of the Assignment and Assumption or other document executed by a relevant Lender and containing the confirmations or indications (as applicable) relating to UK Tax and Swiss Withholding Tax as set out in this Section 2.17(g) shall be delivered to the Company (for the benefit of each UK Borrower and each Swiss Borrower) by such Lender on the same day such document is delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

(xi) 
 
 Each Lender shall notify the Company and Administrative Agent if it determines in its sole discretion that it is ceases to be (a) entitled to claim the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United Kingdom is a party with respect to payments made by any UK Borrower hereunder or (b) a Qualifying Lender (other than a UK Treaty Lender) in respect of a UK Borrower or (c) a Swiss Qualifying Bank in respect of a Swiss Borrower. 

(xii) 
 
 If a Lender assigns or transfers any of its rights or obligations under the Loan Documents or changes its lending office, and as a result of circumstances existing at the date the assignment, transfer or change occurs, a Borrower not incorporated in the U.S. would be obligated to make a payment to the new Lender or Lender acting through its new lending office under Section 2.17 , then a new Lender or Lender acting through its new lending office is only entitled to receive payment under this Section 2.17 to the same extent as the assigning Lender or Lender acting through its previous lending office would have been if the assignment, transfer or change had not occurred. 

 (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been 
 -68 - 

deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (i) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (j) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid or payable by a Recipient pursuant to Section 2.17(d) incurred more than two hundred seventy (270) days prior to the date that such Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Company of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the two hundred seventy (270) day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 (k) Minimum Interest Rates and Payments Recalculation. When entering into this Agreement, the parties have assumed in bona fide that the interest payments are minimum interest payments not subject to any Swiss Withholding Tax. Nevertheless, if a Tax deduction is required by Swiss law to be made by a Swiss Borrower in respect of any interest payable by it under this Agreement and should it be unlawful for such Swiss Borrower to comply with Section 2.17(a) the applicable interest rate in relation to that interest payment shall be: (i) the interest rate which would have applied to that interest payment in the absence of this Section 2.17(k) divided by (ii) one (1) minus the rate at which the relevant Tax deduction is required to be made (where the rate at which the relevant Tax deduction is required to be made is for this purpose expressed as a fraction of one (1) rather than as a percentage) and (a) that the Swiss Borrower shall be obliged to pay the relevant interest at the adjusted rate in accordance with this Section 2.17(k) , (b) that the Swiss Borrower shall make the Tax deduction on the interest so recalculated and (c) all references to a rate of interest in this Agreement shall be construed accordingly. No recalculation of interest shall be made under this Section 2.17(k) if the Tax deduction on such interest is due as a result of a breach of the Swiss Non-Bank Rules and such breach is the result of a Lender, which is not a Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Bank, (i) ceasing to be a Swiss Qualifying Bank other than as a result of any change of law after the date it became a Lender or (ii) having failed to comply with its obligations under Section 10.04 . For the avoidance of doubt, no Swiss Borrower shall be required to pay any additional amounts under this Section 2.17 if a recalculation of interest is made pursuant to this Section 2.17 . The relevant Swiss Borrower shall provide the Lenders with such documents and information required for applying for a refund of any Swiss Withholding Tax paid. In the event that Swiss Withholding Tax is refunded to a Lender by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, the relevant Lender shall forward, after deduction of corresponding and reasonable costs, such amount to the relevant Swiss Borrower, unless an Event of Default is continuing. Nothing in this Section 2.17(k) shall interfere with each Lender's right to arrange its tax affairs in whatever manner it thinks fit and, without limiting the 
 -69 - 

foregoing, no Lender shall be under any obligation to claim any Swiss Withholding Tax refund in priority to any other claims, relieves, credits or deductions available to it . 
 (l) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17 , the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs . 
 (a) Each Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 , or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon, Local Time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at (x) in the case of payments denominated in U.S. Dollars, its offices at 1525 W W.T. Harris Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28262, and (y) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency, its Eurocurrency Payment Office for such Foreign Currency, in each case except payments to be made directly to the Swingline Lenders as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 10.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder of principal or interest in respect of any Loan shall, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, be made in the currency of such Loan, and all other payments hereunder and under each other Loan Document shall be made in Euro or such other currency otherwise agreed. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Borrowing in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such Foreign Currency with the result that such Foreign Currency no longer exists or the applicable Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Foreign Currency, then all payments to be made by such Borrower hereunder in such Foreign Currency shall instead be made when due in Euros in an amount equal to the Euro Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that such Borrower takes all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 
 (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans 
 -70 - 

or participations in Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in Swingline Loans; provided that i if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from any Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 (e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(d) , 2.07(b) , 2.18(d) or 10.03(c) , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, and/or (ii) hold such amounts in a segregated account over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section, in the case of each of clause (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 , or if any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any 
 -71 - 

Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment i would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17 , as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay (or cause the applicable Borrower to pay) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 , (ii) any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.04 ), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17 and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (x) the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Swingline Lenders), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (y) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts) and (z) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 SECTION 2.20 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) ; 
 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Swingline Lender hereunder; 
 -72 - 

third, as the Borrowers may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fourth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement; fifth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or Swingline Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or Swingline Lenders against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; sixth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and seventh, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (c) the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders or the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 10.02 ); provided that any waiver, amendment or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender disproportionately when compared to the other affected Lenders, or increases or extends the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender, shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; 
 (d) if any Swingline Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

i 
 
 all or any part of the Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only (A) to the extent that the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments, (B) to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the 

 -73 - 

Revolving Credit Exposure of any non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment, and (C) if the conditions set forth in Section 4. 0 2 are satisfied at such time; and 

(ii) 
 
 if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent prepay such Swingline Exposure; 

 (e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Swingline Lender shall be required to fund any Swingline Loan unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be one hundred percent (100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders; 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, and each Swingline Lender each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 SECTION 2.21 [Reserved] . 
 SECTION 2.22 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due from any Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agent s main New York City office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non-appealable judgment is given. The obligations of any Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Credit Party hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Credit Party of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Credit Party may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Credit Party in the specified currency, the applicable Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Credit Party against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Credit Party in the specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 2.18 , such Credit Party agrees to remit such excess to such Borrower. 
 SECTION 2.23 Designated Borrowers . 
 (a) [Reserved]. 
 -74 - 

(b) The Company may at any time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), designate any additional Subsidiary that the Company owns, directly or indirectly, greater than 90 of the Equity Interest of such Subsidiary (an Applicant Borrower ), as a Designated Borrower to receive Revolving Loans hereunder by delivering to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each Lender) a duly executed notice and agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit C (a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement ). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the credit facilities provided for herein the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have (i) received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as may be required by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion, and (ii) received promissory notes signed by such new Borrowers to the extent any Lenders so require. Furthermore, no Subsidiary of the Company shall become a Designated Borrower if (i) any Lender is not licensed to make Loans to such Subsidiary in the jurisdiction of its organization or (ii) it is otherwise unlawful for such Subsidiary to become a Designated Borrower or for any Lender to make Loans to such Subsidiary as provided herein. No Lender shall be obligated to make Loans to any Applicant Borrower or Designated Borrower if making such Loans by such Lender would (i) be unlawful, or (ii) cause additional costs (including Taxes) to be incurred by such Lender that would not otherwise be reimbursable under Section 2.17 or the other provisions of this Agreement. If the foregoing conditions have been satisfied, then promptly following receipt of all such requested resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit D (a Designated Borrower Notice to the Company and the Lenders specifying the effective date upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes hereof, whereupon each of the Lenders agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Revolving Loans hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Designated Borrower otherwise shall be a Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that no Borrowing Request may be submitted on behalf of such Designated Borrower until the date that is five (5) Business Days after such effective date. 
 (c) The Obligations of each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary shall be joint and several in nature regardless of which Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary actually borrows Revolving Loans hereunder or the amount of such Revolving Loans borrowed or the manner in which the Administrative Agent or any Lender accounts for such Revolving Loans on its books and records. The Obligations of all Foreign Obligors shall be several in nature. All provisions in this Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be interpreted and applied consistently with this Section 2.23(c) , and if and where other provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document conflict with the provisions of this Section 2.23(c) , the provisions of this Section 2.23(c) shall apply. 
 (d) In accordance with Section 2.24 , each Subsidiary that becomes a Designated Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.23 hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent for all purposes relevant to the Loan Documents, including (i) the giving and receipt of notices and (ii) the execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates 
 -75 - 

contemplated herein and all modifications hereto. Any acknowledgment, consent, direction, certification or other action which might otherwise be valid or effective only if given or taken by all Borrowers, or by each Borrower acting singly, shall be valid and effective if given or taken only by the Company, whether or not any such other Borrower joins therein. Any notice, demand, consent, acknowledgement, direction, certification or other communication delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered to each Borrower. 
 (e) The Company may from time to time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), terminate a Designated Borrower s status as such, provided that there are no outstanding Revolving Loans payable by such Designated Borrower, or other amounts payable by such Designated Borrower on account of any Revolving Loans made to it, as of the effective date of such termination. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such termination of a Designated Borrower s status. 
 (f) If the selection of a particular Designated Borrower results (or is reasonably anticipated to result) in amounts becoming payable under Section 2.17 , the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, may make a written request to the Administrative Agent for an amendment to this Agreement that would create a separate tranche of Lenders to provide credit to such Designated Borrower in a manner that would eliminate or minimize amounts payable under Section 2.17 . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to consider such amendment request in good faith. The Company and the applicable Designated Borrower hereby agree to pay (or to cause the applicable Borrower to pay) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with any such amendment, subject to compliance by the Lenders with the applicable provisions of Section 2.17(f) . 
 (g) Illegality . If, in any applicable jurisdiction, the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines that any law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for the Administrative Agent or any Lender to (i) perform any of its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (ii) to fund or maintain its participation in any Loan or (iii) issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any Loan, in each of the foregoing cases to any Designated Borrower who is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States, a state thereof or the District of Columbia, such Person shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, then, upon the Administrative Agent notifying the Company, and until such notice by such Person is revoked, any obligation of such Person to issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such Loan shall be suspended, and to the extent required by applicable law, cancelled. Upon receipt of such notice, the Loan Parties shall (A) repay that Person s participation in the Loans or other applicable Obligations on the last day of the Interest Period for each Loan or other Obligation occurring after the Administrative Agent has notified the Company or, if earlier, the date specified by such Person in the notice delivered to the Administrative Agent (being no earlier than the last day of any applicable grace period permitted by applicable law) and (B) take all reasonable actions requested by such Person to mitigate or avoid such illegality. 
 -76 - 

SECTION 2.24 Designation of Company as the Agent for the Borrowers . For purposes of this Agreement, each of the Borrowers hereby designates the Company as its agent and representative for all purposes hereunder (including with respect to i any notices, demands, communications or requests under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (ii) the execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates contemplated herein and all modifications hereto) and the Company hereby accepts each such appointment. The Administrative Agent and each Lender may regard any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document from the Company as a notice or communication from all the Borrowers, and may give any notice or communication required or permitted to be given to any Borrower or the Borrowers hereunder to the Company on behalf of such Borrower or the Borrowers , with a copy to the applicable Borrower . Each Borrower agrees that each notice, election, representation and warranty, covenant, agreement and undertaking made on its behalf by the Company shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower. The Borrowers hereby empower and authorize the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the Loan Documents and all related agreements, certificates, documents, or instruments as shall be necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of the Loan Documents, including, without limitatio n, the Compliance Certificat es. Each Borrower agrees that any action taken by the Company or the Borrowers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Company of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Borrowers. 
 SECTION 2.25 Foreign Obligor Obligations . The obligations of each Foreign Obligor shall be several and not joint with respect to any other Foreign Obligor. 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 The Company (and each Borrower, solely as to itself and solely with respect to Sections 3.01 , 3.02 , 3.03 , 3.06(b) , 3.12 , 3.13 , 3.15 and 3.16 (solely with respect to the penultimate sentence therein and limited to such laws applicable to such Borrower individually and its Subsidiaries)) represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 SECTION 3.01 Organization; Powers . It (a) is duly organized or incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is licensed and in good standing under the laws of, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c) , to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 -77- 

SECTION 3.02 Authorization; Enforceability . The Transactions are within its corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action and, if required, stockholder action. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by it and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 SECTION 3.03 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts . The Transactions do not and will not (a) require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority (other than the required reporting to the Bank Indonesia by each Indonesian Borrower, which shall be obtained or completed prior to any applicable Indonesian Borrower submitting a Borrowing Request) or any other Person, (b) violate any applicable law, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority or any Organization Document of it, and (c) conflict with or result in any material breach or contravention of, or the creation of any material Lien under, or require any material payment to be made under (i) any material Contractual Obligation to which it is a party or affecting it or its properties or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which it or its properties or any of its Subsidiaries is subject. 
 SECTION 3.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change . 
 (a) The Company has heretofore furnished to the Lenders (i) its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, reported on by Deloitte and Touche LLP, independent public accountants, (ii) its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and (iii) the internally prepared consolidating balance sheet and statement of income or operations (which shall not be required to be in accordance with GAAP) of Cabot Luxembourg, Cabot Germany Cabot Switzerland, Cabot Carbon and Cabot Indonesia as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, certified by the Company s chief financial officer. Such financial statements in clauses (i) and (ii) above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 
 (b) Since September 30, 2018, there has been no development, event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.05 Litigation and Environmental Matters . 
 (a) There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Company after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the 
 -78 - 

Company or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that i except as described in the Company s 20 18 Form 10-K or any subsequent Form 10-Q or Form 8-K filing prior to the Original Closing Date (the Disclosed Litigation ), could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) purport to affect or pertain to any Loan Document or the Transactions. 
 (b) The Company and its Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Company and its Subsidiaries have reasonably concluded that, except for the Disclosed Litigation, violation of such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.06 Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default . 
 (a) Each of the Loan Parties and their Significant Subsidiaries is in compliance with the requirements of all laws, rules and regulations and orders, writs and decrees of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its properties, except to the extent that (i) failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) such requirement is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted. Each Loan Party is in compliance with all material Contractual Obligations to which such Loan Party is a party or affecting such Loan Party or the properties of such Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries, except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the Transactions. 
 SECTION 3.07 Investment Company Status; Margin Regulations . 
 (a) Neither the Loan Parties, nor any Person Controlling the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 (b) No Loan Party is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. 
 SECTION 3.08 Taxes . Each of the Loan Parties and their Significant Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, state and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and have paid or caused to be paid all federal, state and other material Taxes required to have been paid by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which such Loan Party or such Significant Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves. There is no proposed Tax 
 -79- 

assessment against any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.09 ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by an amount that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans by an amount that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.10 Disclosure . All information heretofore furnished by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of or in connection with the Loan Documents or the Transactions is, and all such information hereafter furnished by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent or any Lender will be, true and accurate in all material respects on the date as of which such information is stated or certified. The Loan Parties have disclosed to the Lenders in writing any and all facts known to the Company s management and known in good faith to the Loan Parties management which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Company, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date is true and correct. 
 SECTION 3.11 Subsidiaries . Each Significant Subsidiary (a) is duly organized or incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation, and (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to own or lease its assets and carry on its business, except in each case referred to in this clause (b) to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.12 Representations as to Foreign Obligors . Each of the Company and each Borrower (solely as to itself) represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 (a) Such Borrower is subject to civil and commercial laws, rules and regulations with respect to its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party (collectively, the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents ), and the execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower of the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents constitute and will constitute private and commercial acts and not public or governmental acts. Neither any Borrower nor any of its property has any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Borrower is organized or incorporated and existing in respect of its obligations under the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents. 
 -80 - 

(b) The Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents are in proper legal form under the laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdiction in which such Borrower is organized or incorporated and existing for the enforcement thereof against such Borrower under the laws, rules and regulations of such jurisdiction, and to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents. It is not necessary to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents that the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents be filed, registered or recorded with, or executed or notarized before, any court or other authority in the jurisdiction in which any Borrower is organized or incorporated and existing or that any registration charge or stamp or similar tax be paid on or in respect of the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents or any other document, except for i any such filing, registration, recording, execution or notarization as has been made or is not required to be made until the Applicable Foreign Borrower Document or any other document is sought to be enforced and (ii) any charge or tax as has been timely paid . 
 (c) Subject to compliance with Section 3.13 (Swiss Non-Bank Rules), there is no Tax imposed by any Governmental Authority in or of the jurisdiction in which such Borrower is organized and existing either (i) on or by virtue of the execution or delivery of the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents or (ii) on any payment to be made by such Borrower pursuant to the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents, except (A) as has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent or (B) for Luxembourg, in case where (i) the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents are subject to mandatory registration within a fixed cut-off date (d lai de rigueur) and are referred to in a public deed or used before a Luxembourg official authority or any autorit constitu e or before Luxembourg court, notably by being referred to in a writ; (ii) where the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents are physically attached (annex (s)) to a public deed or any other document(s) that require mandatory registration; (iii) in case where the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents are subject to registration in accordance with a contractual agreement, where a fixed or an ad valorem registration duty will become payable; (C) Taxes imposed by Governmental Authorities of Indonesia on payments to be made by any Indonesian Borrower; or (D) a deduction or withholding for or on account of Taxes imposed by the United Kingdom may be required from any payment a UK Borrower may make under any Loan Document to a Lender unless such Lender is: 
 (A) a UK Qualifying Lender: 
 (i) falling within paragraph (a)(i)(A) of the definition of "UK Qualifying Lender"; or 
 (ii) except where a direction has been given under section 931 of the ITA in relation to the payment concerned, falling within paragraph (a)(i)(B) of the definition of "UK Qualifying Lender"; or 
 (iii) falling within paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "UK Qualifying Lender"; or 
 (B) a UK Treaty Lender and the payment is one specified in a direction given by the Commissioners of Revenue Customs under Regulation 2 
 -81 - 

of the Double Taxation Relief (Taxes on Income) (General) Regulations 1970 (SI 1970/488) . 
 (d) The execution, delivery and performance of the Applicable Foreign Borrower Documents executed by such Borrower are, under applicable foreign exchange control regulations of the jurisdiction in which such Borrower is organized or incorporated and existing, not subject to any notification or authorization except (i) such as have been made or obtained or (ii) such as cannot be made or obtained until a later date provided that any notification or authorization described in clause (ii) shall be made or obtained as soon as is reasonably practicable). 
 SECTION 3.13 Swiss Non-Bank Rules . Each Swiss Borrower is in compliance with the Swiss Non-Bank Rules; provided that, no Swiss Borrower shall be in breach of this representation if its number of creditors that are not Swiss Qualifying Banks in respect of either the Swiss 10 Non-Bank Rule or the Swiss 20 Non-Bank Rule is exceeded solely because a Recipient has (i) made an incorrect declaration of its status as to whether or not it is a Swiss Qualifying Bank, (ii) failed to comply with its obligations under Section 10.04 , or (iii) ceased to be a Swiss Qualifying Bank other than as a result of any change in Applicable Law after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement. For the purposes of compliance with this representation, each Swiss Borrower shall assume that at any time during the term of this Agreement there may be up to ten Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Banks as Lenders (whether or not there are, at any time, any or less of such Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Banks as Lenders). 
 SECTION 3.14 Intragroup Payments/Loans . Neither the Company nor any of the Borrowers are a Swiss Qualifying Bank. 
 SECTION 3.15 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans will be used only for the purposes specified in Section 5.08 . 
 SECTION 3.16 Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions . The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions. The Company, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, their respective employees, officers, directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects (except to the extent that (i) such noncompliance does not involve any executive officer or similar member of senior management of the Company or such Subsidiary and does not represent a systemic failure of compliance controls, (ii) the Company or such Subsidiary is diligently taking steps to cure such noncompliance and (iii) such noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Company or such Subsidiary or result in a violation of Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or applicable Sanctions by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or their Affiliates) and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Loan Party being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (a) the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective officers or employees or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any of their respective directors, or (b) to the knowledge 
 -82- 

of the Loan Parties , any agent of such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person so as to result in a violation of Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions. The Transactions will not violate any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 3.17 EEA Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
 SECTION 3.18 Solvency . The Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are Solvent. 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 SECTION 4.01 Effective Date . The amendment and restatement of the Original Credit Agreement on the Effective Date and the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall, in each case, be subject to the following conditions (unless waived in accordance with Section 10.02 ): 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party to the Loan Documents either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic mail transmission of a signed signature page of each Loan Document to which such Person is a party) that such Person has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization or incorporation, existence and good standing of each Loan Party, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents and the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel . 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Company, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 . 
 (d) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable pursuant to this Agreement on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrowers hereunder. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company, the Borrowers, and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 -83 - 

SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents (other than the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.04(b) , 3.05 and 3.09 with respect to any Borrowing after the Original Closing Date) shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation or warranty is already qualified by concepts of materiality) on and as of the date of such Borrowing. 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request in accordance with Section 2.03 , or Section 2.08 , as applicable. 
 (d) In the case of a Borrowing by an Indonesian Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall have received from such Indonesian Borrower documents evidencing the filing of reports on the borrowings as contemplated by this Agreement with: (i) Bank Indonesia, as required under Bank Indonesia Regulation No. 21/2/PBI/2019 concerning Foreign Exchange Flow and (ii) Coordination of Team of PKLN as required under Presidential Decree No. 39 of 1991 concerning Coordination of Management of Offshore Commercial Loans, and (iii) Department of Finance, as required under Ministry of Finance Regulation No.261/MK/IV/5/1973 concerning the Guidelines in Receiving Offshore Borrowings, as lastly amended by Ministry of Finance Regulation No. 279/KMK.01/1991. 
 (e) In the case of a Borrowing by an Indonesian Borrower, the Indonesian version of this Agreement has been executed by the parties to this Agreement. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Account Designation specifying the account or accounts to which the proceeds of any Loans made on or after the Original Closing Date are to be disbursed. 
 Each Borrowing shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Loan Parties on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 
 SECTION 4.03 Initial Credit Event for each Additional Borrower . The obligation of each Lender to make Loans to any Designated Borrower that becomes a Designated Borrower after the Original Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received such Designated Borrower s Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents (including such legal opinions) as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the formation, existence and good standing of such Designated Borrower, the authorization of the Transactions insofar as they relate to such Designated Borrower and any other legal matters relating to such Designated Borrower, its Designated Borrower Request and Assumption 
 -84 - 

Agreement or such Transactions, including, with respect to any Designated Borrower organized under the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, a legal opinion from such Designated Borrower s counsel in such jurisdiction, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received (i) all documentation and other information reasonably requested by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under applicable know your customer and any Anti-Money Laundering Laws , including the Act and (ii) a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Designated Borrower (or a certification that such Designated Borrower qualifies for an express exclusion from the legal entity customer definition under the Beneficial Ownership Regulations). 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full, the Company (and each Borrower, solely as to itself and solely with respect to Sections 5.05(b) , 5.06(b), 5.08 , 5.09 and 5.10 covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 
 SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information . The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 
 (a) within seven (7) Business Days following the date such information is filed with the SEC, and in any event not later than ninety-seven (97) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; 
 (b) within seven (7) Business Days following the date such information is filed with the SEC, and in any event not later than fifty-two (52) days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, (i) its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, and (ii) the internally prepared consolidating balance sheets and statements of income or operations for each of Cabot Luxembourg, Cabot Germany, Cabot Switzerland, Cabot Carbon, Cabot Indonesia and Cabot Asia Pacific, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as presenting fairly in all material respects, and, in the case of clause (i) above, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in 
 -85 - 

accordance with GAAP, as of such dates and for such periods, in each case, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes ; 
 (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Financial Officer of the Company; 
 (d) promptly after the same become available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Company to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; 
 (e) promptly, and in any event within seven (7) Business Days after receipt thereof by the Company or any Subsidiary, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable foreign jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of the Company or any Subsidiary; and 
 (f) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a) , (b) or (d) of this Section (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company s website on the Internet; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Company s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (x) the Company shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Company to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (y) the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 SECTION 5.02 Notices of Material Events . The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following: 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default; 
 -86 - 

(b) the occurrence of any ERISA Event (other than an ERISA Event under any of clauses (j) , (l) or (m) of the definition thereof that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect); 
 (c) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any Subsidiary not otherwise reported in the Company s SEC filings; 
 (d) any published announcement by Moody s or S P of any change or possible change in the rating established or deemed to have been established for the Index Debt; 
 (e) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary; (ii) any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between the Company or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority; and (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Company or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws; 
 (f) promptly upon the request thereof, such other information and documentation required under applicable know your customer rules and regulations, the PATRIOT Act or any applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws, in each case as from time to time reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender; and 
 (g) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in parts (c) or (d) of such certification. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Company setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 5.03 Existence; Conduct of Business . It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (b) preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation except as permitted under Section 6.02 , (c) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (d) preserve and renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, sale, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.02 . 
 SECTION 5.04 Payment of Obligations . It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its material obligations and liabilities, including (a) all Tax liabilities, except where (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently 
 -87- 

conducted and (ii) such Loan Party or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, (b) all lawful material claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property (other than Liens permitted by Section 6.01 ), and (c) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness. 
 SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Properties; Insurance . 
 (a) It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (ii) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that nothing in this Section 5.05(a) shall prevent the Company or any Subsidiary from discontinuing the operations and maintenance of any of its properties or those of its Subsidiaries if such discontinuance is, in the judgment of the Company or such Subsidiary, desirable in the conduct of its or their business and which do not in the aggregate cause a Material Adverse Effect. Except as provided above, the Company shall maintain direct ownership of the majority of the tangible and intangible assets employed in connection with the Company s United States domestic carbon black business. 
 (b) It will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of the Company, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses. 
 SECTION 5.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights . 
 (a) It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP are made of all financial dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. 
 (b) It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives and independent contractors designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers and independent accountants, all at the expense of the Borrowers and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and not more than once each fiscal year; provided that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such representatives and independent contractors may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrowers at any time during normal business hours and without prior notice. 
 SECTION 5.07 Compliance with Laws . It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules and regulations and orders, injunctions, writs and decrees of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where (a) the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (b) the requirement to do so is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure 
 -88- 

compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 5.08 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans will be used (i) for the repatriation of earnings of the Company s Foreign Subsidiaries to the United States, (ii) the repayment of Indebtedness of any Borrower or Subsidiary of a Borrower owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) for working capital and general corporate purposes (including capital expenditures). No Borrower will request any Borrowing, and no Borrower shall use the proceeds of any Borrowing, and each Loan Party shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use the proceeds of any Borrowing (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or in a European Union member state, or (c) in any other manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 SECTION 5.09 Swiss Non-Bank Rules . Each Swiss Borrower will ensure that it remains at all times in compliance with the Swiss Non-Bank Rules; provided that a Swiss Borrower shall not be in breach of this representation if its number of creditors that are not Swiss Qualifying Banks in respect of either the Swiss 10 Non-Bank Rule or the Swiss 20 Non-Bank Rule is exceeded solely because a Recipient has (i) made an incorrect declaration of its status as to whether or not it is a Swiss Qualifying Bank, (ii) failed to comply with its obligations under Section 10.04 , or (iii) ceased to be a Swiss Qualifying Bank other than as a result of any change in Applicable Law after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement. For the purposes of compliance with this covenant, each Swiss Borrower shall assume that at any time during the term of this Agreement there may be up to ten Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Banks as Lenders (whether or not there are, at any time, any or less of such Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Banks as Lenders) . 
 SECTION 5.10 Indonesian Translation; Indonesian Statement Letters . This Agreement is executed in a text using the English language and the Indonesian language. Both texts are the same and effective as of the execution of this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto agrees that if there is any conflict between the English language text and the Indonesian language text of this Agreement, the English language text shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, prevail. Each of the parties hereto confirms that it has read and understood the content and consequences of this Agreement and has no objection if the English language text prevails in the event of any such conflict. Each Indonesian Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Administrative Agent, within 30 days of the Original Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), with statement letters (surat keterangan) from the relevant district court, Indonesian National Arbitration Board, and commercial court having jurisdiction over the Indonesian Borrowers stipulating that the Indonesian Borrowers are not undergoing legal proceeding and the process of suspension of payments of creditor liabilities (known as Penundaan Kewajiban Pembayaran Utang or PKPU) or bankruptcy proceedings (known as Kepailitan) as a defaulting borrower, respectively. 
 -89 - 

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 
 SECTION 6.01 Liens . It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property, asset or revenue now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except: 
 (a) Permitted Encumbrances; 
 (b) Liens on any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 ; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; 
 (c) any Lien existing on any property or asset of a Person prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or any Subsidiary or prior to merger or consolidation of such Person into the Company or any Subsidiary, or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that, in each case, (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger or consolidation or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may; 
 (d) Liens securing purchase money Indebtedness; provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness and (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition; 
 (e) any interest of title of a lessor under, and Liens arising from UCC financing statements (or equivalent filings, registrations or agreements in foreign jurisdictions) relating to, leases permitted by this Agreement; 
 (f) leases or subleases granted to others not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company or any Subsidiary; 
 (g) Liens created or deemed to exist in connection with a Securitization Transaction (including any related filings of any UCC financing statements (or equivalent filings, registrations or agreements in foreign jurisdictions)) securing Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed 200,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, but only to the extent that any such Lien relates to the applicable property actually sold, contributed, financed or otherwise conveyed or pledged pursuant to such transaction; 
 -90 - 

(h) normal and customary rights of setoff upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions; 
 (i) Liens on commodities subject to any arrangement permitted under Section 6.03 ; 
 (j) Liens securing Indebtedness (for working capital purposes) of any Foreign Subsidiary, but only to the extent that any such Lien relates to the property or assets of such Foreign Subsidiary; 
 (k) Liens arising pursuant to any Swap Agreement; 
 (l) any Lien arising out of the refinancing, extension, renewal or refunding of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien permitted by any of the foregoing clauses of this Section, provided that such Indebtedness is not increased and is not secured by any additional assets; 
 (m) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that (i) do not secure Indebtedness, (ii) do not secure any single obligation exceeding 50,000,000 and (iii) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of its business; 
 (n) Liens on cash collateral created hereunder in favor of any Credit Party; and 
 (o) Liens not otherwise permitted by the foregoing clauses of this Section securing Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed ten percent (10 of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth at any time. 
 SECTION 6.02 Fundamental Changes . It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or divide, liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing: 
 (a) any Subsidiary (i) that is not a Borrower may merge with the Company, provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving Person, (ii) may merge with any Borrower, provided that such Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (iii) that is not a Borrower may merge with or into any other Subsidiary that is not a Borrower; 
 (b) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or to another Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Borrower, then the transferee must be a Borrower; and 
 (c) the Company may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets, or any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its 
 -91 - 

assets, so long as the aggregate net book value of all such assets sold, transferred, leased or otherwise disposed of by the Company and its Subsidiaries in all transactions occurring from and after the date of this Agreement shall not exceed an amount equal to twenty-five percent (25 of Consolidated Total Tangible Assets, measured as the sum of the percentages for each such transaction, in each case based upon the Consolidated Total Tangible Assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year prior to the applicable sale, transfer, lease or other disposition. 
 SECTION 6.03 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Investment where the aggregate consideration for such Investment exceeds 200,000,000, other than Permitted Investments and Permitted Acquisitions. 
 SECTION 6.04 Transactions with Affiliates . It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Company, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than (a) reasonable and customary fees paid to members of the board of directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (b) transactions otherwise expressly permitted hereunder between the Company or any Subsidiary and any such Affiliate or (c) on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Company or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate. 
 SECTION 6.05 Financial Covenant . It will not permit the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any Reference Period to be greater than 3.50:1.00, commencing with the Reference Period ending September 30, 2021 and tested for all quarters thereafter; provided , however, that at the election of the Company (prior written notice of which shall be given to the Administrative Agent), following the consummation of any Material Acquisition, the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (x) as at the end of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and the three fiscal quarters immediately thereafter, shall not be greater than 4.00:1.00 and (y) as at the end of any fiscal quarter thereafter, shall not be greater than 3.50:1.00. 
 SECTION 6.06 Organization Documents . It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, amend, modify or change its Organization Documents in any manner which could materially adversely affect the rights of the Credit Parties under the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 6.07 Use of Proceeds . It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use any part of the proceeds of any Loan to be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board (including Regulations T, U and X), including to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U) other than stock of the Company or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 SECTION 6.08 Subsidiary Indebtedness . It will not permit, at any time, the aggregate Indebtedness of all Subsidiaries (excluding Indebtedness of a Subsidiary owing to a Borrower or to another Subsidiary but including the Indebtedness under this Agreement) to exceed 30 of Total Capitalization. 
 -92- 

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 SECTION 7.01 Events of Default . If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur: 
 (a) any Loan Party shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or otherwise; 
 (b) any Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) days; 
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation or warranty is already qualified by concepts of materiality) when made or deemed made; 
 (d) (i) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.03(a) , 5.06(b) , 5.08, 5.09 or 5.10 or in Article VI applicable to such Loan Party, or (ii) the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.01 or 5.02 and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days after the earlier of any of the chief executive officer, president or any Financial Officer of the Company becoming aware of such failure or notice thereof by the Administrative Agent; 
 (e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement applicable to such Loan Party contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a) , (b) or (d) of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Administrative Agent; 
 (f) any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary (i) shall fail to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than any Indebtedness or Guarantee in connection with the JPM Credit Agreement) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than 50,000,000, or (ii) shall fail to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than any Indebtedness or Guarantee in connection with the JPM Credit Agreement) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or 
 -93 - 

syndicated credit arrangement) of more than 50,000,000 or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; 
 (g) any event of default shall occur under the terms of the JPM Credit Agreement, including as a result of the failure to make any payment when due or upon the date of maturity, termination or expiration of the JPM Credit Agreement (other than any such event of default under the JPM Credit Agreement which is cured or waived (including as a result of any amendment) under or with respect to the JPM Credit Agreement; provided that such cure or waiver under or with respect to JPM Credit Agreement shall not be deemed to cure or waive any Event of Default arising under the other provisions of this Section 7.01 ); 
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 
 (i) any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 
 (j) any Loan Party or any Significant Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 (k) one or more final judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 50,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary and (i) the same shall remain undischarged for a period of ten (10) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed by reason or pending appeal or 
 -94 - 

otherwise, or (ii) any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; 
 (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding 50,000,000 from and after the Original Closing Date; 
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur; or 
 (n) any material provisions of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, shall cease to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person shall contest in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party shall deny that it has any or further liability or obligation under any material provisions of any Loan Document, or shall purport to revoke, terminate or rescind any material provision of any Loan Document; 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to any Loan Party described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the written request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrowers and the Company, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments (including the Swingline Commitments), and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers; and in case of any event with respect to any Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 SECTION 8.01 Appointment and Authority . Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Wells Fargo to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Except as provided in Section 8.06(b) the provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and no Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof shall have 
 -95- 

rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 SECTION 8.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 SECTION 8.03 Exculpatory Provisions . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder and thereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 

i 
 
 shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(ii) 
 
 shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may affect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 

(iii) 
 
 shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 

 -96 - 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it i with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 7.01 and Section 10.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final non-appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent by a Loan Party or a Lender. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 8.04 Reliance by the Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 SECTION 8.05 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Credit Facility as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non- 
 -97- 

appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub agents. 
 SECTION 8.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrowers (or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers). Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrowers (or the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, and such Person, remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable), (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrowers and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken 
 -98 - 

by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Any resignation by, or removal of, Wells Fargo as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as a Swingline Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swingline Lender, and (ii) the retiring Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 8.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 8.08 No Other Duties, Etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the syndication agents, documentation agents, co-agents, arrangers or bookrunners listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. 
 SECTION 8.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Loan Party) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 , 2.13 , 2.15 , 2.17 and 10.03 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 -99 - 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 10.03 ). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 SECTION 8.10 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of any Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

i 
 
 such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans or the Commitments; 

(ii) 
 
 the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement; 

(iii) 
 
 (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of 

 -100 - 

and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 

(iv) 
 
 such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 ARTICLE IX Guaranty 
 SECTION 9.01 Guaranty . The Guarantor hereby absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Credit Parties, and their respective permitted successors, endorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt payment and performance of all Obligations of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, whether primary or secondary (whether by way of endorsement or otherwise), whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether or not from time to time reduced or extinguished (except by payment thereof) or hereafter increased or incurred, whether enforceable or unenforceable as against the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries, whether or not discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by any Debtor Relief Law or proceeding thereunder, whether created directly with the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party or acquired by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party through assignment or endorsement or otherwise, whether matured or unmatured, whether joint or several, as and when the same become due and payable (whether at maturity or earlier, by reason of acceleration, mandatory repayment or otherwise), in accordance with the terms of any such instruments evidencing any such obligations, including all renewals, extensions or modifications thereof (all of the foregoing being hereafter collectively referred to as the Guaranteed Obligations ). 
 -101- 

SECTION 9.02 Bankruptcy Limitations on the Guarantor . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 9.01, it is the intention of the Guarantor and the Credit Parties that, in any proceeding involving the bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debts, relief of debtors, dissolution or insolvency or any similar proceeding with respect to the Guarantor or its assets, the amount of the Guarantor s obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations of the Guarantor to the Credit Parties) shall be equal to, but not in excess of, the maximum amount thereof not subject to avoidance or recovery by operation of Debtor Relief Laws. To that end, the Guarantor s obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations of the Guarantor to the Credit Parties) or any payment made pursuant to such Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations of the Guarantor to the Credit Parties) would, but for the operation of the first sentence of this Section 9.02 , be subject to avoidance or recovery in any such proceeding under Debtor Relief Laws, the amount of the Guarantor s obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations of the Guarantor to the Credit Parties) shall be limited to the largest amount which, after giving effect thereto, would not, under Debtor Relief Laws, render the Guarantor s obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations of the Guarantor to the Credit Parties) unenforceable or avoidable or otherwise subject to recovery under Debtor Relief Laws. To the extent any payment actually made pursuant to the Guaranteed Obligations exceeds the limitation of the first sentence of this Section 9.02 and is otherwise subject to avoidance and recovery in any such proceeding under Debtor Relief Laws, the amount subject to avoidance shall in all events be limited to the amount by which such actual payment exceeds such limitation and the Guaranteed Obligations as limited by the first sentence of this Section 9.02 shall in all events remain in full force and effect and be fully enforceable against the Guarantor. The first sentence of this Section 9.02 is intended solely to preserve the rights of the Credit Parties hereunder against the Guarantor in such proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by Debtor Relief Laws and neither the Guarantor, the Borrowers, any other Guarantor nor any other Person shall have any right or claim under such sentence that would not otherwise be available under Debtor Relief Laws in such proceeding. 
 SECTION 9.03 No Subrogation . Notwithstanding any payment or payments by the Guarantor hereunder, or any setoff or application of funds of the Guarantor by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party, or the receipt of any amounts by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantor shall not be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party against the Borrowers or against any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations nor shall the Guarantor seek any reimbursement or contribution from the Borrowers in respect of payments made by the Guarantor in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations, until all amounts owing to the Administrative Agent and the Credit Parties on account of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) are indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments are terminated . If any amount shall be paid to the Guarantor on account of such subrogation reimbursement or contribution rights at any time when all of such Guaranteed Obligations shall not have been indefeasibly paid in full, such amount shall be held by the Guarantor in trust for the Administrative Agent, segregated from other funds of the Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by the Guarantor, be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by the Guarantor (duly endorsed by the 
 -102- 

Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, if required) to be applied against the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as set forth in this Agreement . 
 SECTION 9.04 Nature of Guaranty . 
 (a) The Guarantor agrees that this Guaranty is a continuing, unconditional guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection, and that its obligations under this Guaranty shall be primary, absolute and unconditional, irrespective of, and unaffected by: 

i 
 
 the genuineness, legality, validity, regularity, enforceability or any future amendment of, or change in, or supplement to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any other agreement, document or instrument to which the Borrowers, the Guarantor or any of its respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates is or may become a party, (including any increase in the Obligations resulting from any extension of additional credit or otherwise); 

(ii) 
 
 any action under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document in the exercise of any remedy, power or privilege contained therein or available to any of them at law, in equity or otherwise, or waiver or refraining from exercising any such remedies, power or privileges (including any manner of sale, disposition or any application of any sums by whomever paid or however realized to any Guaranteed Obligations owing by the Borrowers or the Guarantor to the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party in such manner as the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party shall determine in its reasonable discretion); 

(iii) 
 
 the absence of any action to enforce this Guaranty, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document or the waiver or consent by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party with respect to any of the provisions of this Guaranty, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 

(iv) 
 
 the existence, value or condition of, or failure to perfect its Lien against, any security for, if any, or other guaranty of the Guaranteed Obligations or any action, or the absence of any action, by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party in respect of such security, if any, or guaranty (including, without limitation, the release of any such security or guaranty); 

(v) 
 
 any structural change in, restructuring of or other similar organizational change of the Borrowers, the Guarantor, any other guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates; or 

(vi) 
 
 any other action or circumstances which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor; 

 -103 - 

(vii) 
 
 it being agreed by the Guarantor that, subject to the first sentence of Section 9.02 , its obligations under this Guaranty shall not be discharged until the final indefeasible payment and performance, in full, of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) and the termination of the Commitments . 

 (b) The Guarantor represents, warrants and agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations and its obligations under this Guaranty are not and shall not be subject to any counterclaims, offsets or defenses of any kind (other than the defense of payment) against the Administrative Agent, the other Credit Parties or the Borrowers whether now existing or which may arise in the future. 
 (c) The Guarantor hereby agrees and acknowledges that the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon this Guaranty, and all dealings among the Borrowers and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guaranty. 
 SECTION 9.05 Waivers . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Guarantor expressly waives all of the following rights and defenses (and agrees not to take advantage of or assert any such right or defense): 
 (a) any rights it may now or in the future have under any statute, or at law or in equity, or otherwise, to compel the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party to proceed in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations against the Borrowers or any other Person or against any security for or other guaranty of the payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations before proceeding against, or as a condition to proceeding against, the Guarantor; 
 (b) any defense based upon the failure of the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party to commence an action in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations against the Borrowers, the Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person or any security for the payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
 (c) any right to insist upon, plead or in any manner whatever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any appraisal, valuation, stay, extension, marshalling of assets or redemption laws, or exemption, whether now or at any time hereafter in force, which may delay, prevent or otherwise affect the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under, or the enforcement by the Administrative Agent or the other Credit Parties of this Guaranty; 
 (d) any right of diligence, presentment, demand, protest and notice (except as specifically required herein or in the other Loan Documents) of whatever kind or nature with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any requirement that any Credit Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien or any property subject thereto and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the benefit of all provisions of applicable law which are or might be in conflict with the terms of this Guaranty, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment; 
 -104 - 

(e) any failure of any Credit Party to disclose to any Loan Party any information relating to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any other Loan Party now or hereafter known to such Credit Party; the Guarantor waiving any duty of the Credit Party to disclose such information; 
 (f) any and all right to notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party upon, or acceptance of, this Guaranty; and 
 (g) any right of setoff or recoupment or counterclaim against or in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations 
 The Guarantor agrees that any notice or directive given at any time to the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party which is inconsistent with any of the foregoing waivers shall be null and void and may be ignored by the Administrative Agent or such Credit Party, and, in addition, may not be pleaded or introduced as evidence in any litigation relating to this Guaranty for the reason that such pleading or introduction would be at variance with the written terms of this Guaranty, unless the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders have specifically agreed otherwise in writing. The foregoing waivers are of the essence of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and, but for this Guaranty and such waivers, the Administrative Agent and other Credit Parties would decline to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 9.06 Modification of Loan Documents, etc . Neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Credit Party shall incur any liability to the Guarantor as a result of any of the following, and none of the following shall impair or release this Guaranty or any of the obligations of the Guarantor under this Guaranty: 
 (a) any change or extension of the manner, place or terms of payment of, or renewal or alteration of all or any portion of, the Guaranteed Obligations; 
 (b) any action under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document in the exercise of any remedy, power or privilege contained therein or available to any of them at law, in equity or otherwise, or waiver or refraining from exercising any such remedies, powers or privileges; 
 (c) any amendment to, or modification of, in any manner whatsoever, any Loan Document; 
 (d) any extension or waiver of the time for performance by the Guarantor, any other guarantor, the Borrowers or any other Person of, or compliance with, any term, covenant or agreement on its part to be performed or observed under a Loan Document, or waiver of such performance or compliance or consent to a failure of, or departure from, such performance or compliance; 
 (e) the taking and holding of security or collateral for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations or the sale, exchange, release, disposal of, or other dealing with, any property pledged, mortgaged or conveyed, or in which the Administrative Agent or the other 
 -105 - 

Credit Parties have been granted a Lien, to secure any Indebtedness of the Guarantor, any other guarantor or the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent or the other Credit Parties; 
 (f) the release of anyone who may be liable in any manner for the payment of any amounts owed by the Guarantor, any other guarantor or the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party; 
 (g) any modification or termination of the terms of any intercreditor or subordination agreement pursuant to which claims of other creditors of the Guarantor, any other guarantor or the Borrowers are subordinated to the claims of the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party; or 
 (h) any application of any sums by whomever paid or however realized to any Guaranteed Obligations owing by the Guarantor, any other guarantor or the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party in such manner as the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party shall determine in its reasonable discretion. 
 SECTION 9.07 Demand by the Administrative Agent . In addition to the terms set forth in this Article IX and in no manner imposing any limitation on such terms, if all or any portion of the then outstanding Guaranteed Obligations are declared to be immediately due and payable, then the Guarantor shall, upon demand in writing therefor by the Administrative Agent to the Guarantor, pay all or such portion of the outstanding Guaranteed Obligations due hereunder then declared due and payable. 
 SECTION 9.08 Remedies . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, enforce against the Guarantor its obligations and liabilities hereunder and exercise such other rights and remedies as may be available to the Administrative Agent hereunder, under this Agreement , the other Loan Documents or otherwise. 
 SECTION 9.09 Benefits of Guaranty . The provisions of this Guaranty are for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties and their respective permitted successors, transferees, endorsees and assigns, and nothing herein contained shall impair, as between the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties, the obligations of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries under the Loan Documents. In the event all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations are transferred, endorsed or assigned by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party to any Person or Persons as permitted under this Agreement, any reference to an Administrative Agent , or Credit Party herein shall be deemed to refer equally to such Person or Persons. 
 SECTION 9.10 Termination; Reinstatement . 
 (a) Subject to clause (c) below, this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect until all the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) and all the obligations of the Guarantor shall have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments terminated. 
 -106 - 

(b) No payment made by the Borrowers, the Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person received or collected by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party from the Borrowers, the Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any setoff or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of the Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than any payment made by the Guarantor in respect of the obligations of the Guarantor or any payment received or collected from the Guarantor in respect of the obligations of the Guarantor), remain liable for the obligations of the Guarantor up to the maximum liability of the Guarantor hereunder until the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) and all the obligations of the Guarantor shall have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments terminated. 
 (c) The Guarantor agrees that, if any payment made by the Borrowers or any other Person applied to the Guaranteed Obligations is at any time avoided, annulled, set aside, rescinded, invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential or otherwise required to be refunded or repaid, or is repaid in whole or in part pursuant to a good faith settlement of a pending or threatened avoidance claim, or the proceeds of any collateral are required to be refunded by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party to the Borrowers, its estate, trustee, receiver or any other Person, including, without limitation, the Guarantor, under any applicable law or equitable cause, then, to the extent of such payment or repayment, the Guarantor s liability hereunder (and any Lien or collateral securing such liability, if any) shall be and remain in full force and effect, as fully as if such payment had never been made, and, if prior thereto, this Guaranty shall have been canceled or surrendered (and if any Lien or collateral securing the Guarantor s liability hereunder shall have been released or terminated by virtue of such cancellation or surrender), this Guaranty (and such Lien or collateral, if any) shall be reinstated in full force and effect, and such prior cancellation or surrender shall not diminish, release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the amount of such payment (or any Lien or collateral securing such obligation, if any). 
 SECTION 9.11 Payments . Any payments by the Guarantor shall be made to the Administrative Agent, to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations in accordance with Section 2.18 , in immediately available U.S. Dollars or such other currency specified by the Administrative Agent to an account designated by the Administrative Agent or at any address that may be specified in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent. The Guarantor further agrees that if payment in respect of any Obligation shall be due in a Foreign Currency and/or at a place of payment other than New York and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other event, payment of such Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of any Credit Party, not consistent with the protection of its rights or interests, then, at the election of the Administrative Agent, the Guarantor shall make payment of such Obligation in U.S. Dollars (based upon the applicable Exchange Rate in effect on the date of payment) and/or in New York, and shall indemnify the Credit Parties against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. The Guarantor shall pay and indemnify each Indemnitee against Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes to the extent the Borrowers would be required to do so pursuant to Section 2.17 . 
 -107 - 

SECTION 9.12 Injunctive Relief . The Guarantor and Borrowers recognize that, in the event the Guarantor and Borrowers fail to perform, observe or discharge any of its obligations or liabilities under this Guaranty , this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any remedy of law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties. Therefore, the Guarantor and Borrowers agree that the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages . 
 SECTION 9.13 No Waiver by Course of Conduct . No course of dealing between the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent or any Credit Party or their respective agents or employees shall be effective to change, modify or discharge any provision of this Guaranty or any other Loan Documents or to constitute a waiver of any Default. The enumeration of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties set forth in this Guaranty is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise by the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties of any right or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies, all of which shall be cumulative, and shall be in addition to any other right or remedy given hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or that may now or hereafter exist at law or in equity or by suit or otherwise. 
 SECTION 9.14 Subordination of Intercompany Indebtedness . Any Indebtedness of any Borrowers or any other Credit Party now or hereafter held by the Guarantor is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all of the Guaranteed Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the occurrence of a Default, any Borrowers or any other Credit Party may make any payments (whether principal, interest, fees, expenses or any other payment of any kind) to the Guarantor on account of any such Indebtedness. After the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default, the Guarantor will not demand, sue for, or otherwise attempt to collect any such Indebtedness until the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination or expiration of the Commitments under this Agreement. If any amount shall erroneously be paid to the Guarantor on account of any such Indebtedness of any Credit Party, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited against the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.15 Advice of Counsel, No Strict Construction; Acknowledgements . Each of the parties represents to each other party hereto that it has discussed this Guaranty with its counsel. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Guaranty. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Guaranty shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Guaranty. The Guarantor hereby acknowledges that no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby among the Credit Parties or among the Guarantor and the Credit Parties. 
 -108 - 

ARTICLE X Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 10.01 Notices . 
 (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows: 

i 
 
 if to any Loan Party, to the Company at Cabot Corporation, Two Seaport Lane, Boston, Massachusetts 02210-2019, Attention of Steven J. Delahunt (Telecopy No. (617) 342-6208); 

 with copies to (which shall not constitute notice to any Loan Party): 
 Ropes Gray LLP 
 1211 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10031 
 Attention: Jay Kim 
 Email: jay.kim@ropesgray.com 
 Telephone: (212) 497-3626 
 Facsimile: (646) 728-1667 

(ii) 
 
 if to the Administrative Agent, in the case of Borrowings. to: 

 Email: Agencyservices.requests@wellsfargo.com , and for informational purposes: 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 1525 W W.T. Harris Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28262 Attention: Agency Services team Email: Agencyservices.requests@wellsfargo.com 

(iii) 
 
 if to a Swingline Lender: 

(A) 
 
 Email: Agencyservices.requests@wellsfargo.com , and for informational purposes: 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 1525 W W.T. Harris Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28262 Attention: Agency Services team Email: Agencyservices.requests@wellsfargo.com, and 
 -109 - 

(B) in the case of any other Swingline Lender, its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire; 

(iv) 
 
 and if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 

 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through the Platform, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b) . 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) , of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 (d) Platform. 

i 
 
 Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Borrower Materials available to the other Lenders by posting the Borrower Materials on the Platform. 

(ii) 
 
 The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Borrower Materials or the adequacy of the Platform, and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Borrower Materials. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non- 

 -110 - 

infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Borrower Materials or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender or any other Person or entity for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Internet (including the Platform), except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, any or other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, losses or expenses (as opposed to actual damages, losses or expenses). 

 SECTION 10.02 Waivers; Amendments . 
 (a) No failure or delay by any Credit Party in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Credit Parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 7.01 for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (ii) each Swingline Lender from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as a Swingline Lender, as applicable) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (iii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.18 or (iv) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (x) the 
 -111 - 

Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 7.01 and (y) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (ii) , (iii) and (iv) of the preceding pro viso and subject to Section 2.1 8 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights or remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 (b) Subject to Section 10.02(c) below, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or of any Default is not considered an increase in Commitments of any Lender), (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the provisions with respect to the application of default rate interest described in Section 2.13(d) and the last paragraph of Article VII or waive any obligation of any Borrower to pay interest or fees at such default rate, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment (in each case excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, mandatory prepayments under Section 2.11(c) ), or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) release the Company from its obligations under the Loan Documents without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (vii) change any of the provisions of Section 2.23 , or (viii) change the definition of Agreed Currencies without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lenders hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lenders, as the case may be. 
 (c) If the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. If the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties make or implement any such amendment, modification or supplement to any Loan Document, the Administrative Agent agrees (without limiting or affecting the validity of any such amendment, modification or supplement) to give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders including (if appropriate) a copy of such Loan Document as so amended, modified or supplemented. 
 -112 - 

SECTION 10.03 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Each Borrower (in each case with several liability to the extent on account of such Borrower or to the extent of Loans made to such Borrower) and the Company shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Credit Parties, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel (and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent and one counsel (and one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for all other Credit Parties, in connection with the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with any Loan Document, including their rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans hereunder, including all such out-of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans. 
 (b) Each Borrower (in each case with several liability to the extent on account of such Borrower or to the extent of Loans made to such Borrower) and the Company shall indemnify each Credit Party and its Related Parties (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties to the Loan Documents of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any Subsidiary, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party or its equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the breach by such Indemnitee of its funding obligations hereunder, to the extent caused by the inability of such Indemnitee to satisfy such funding obligations because of its status as a Defaulting Lender under clause (d) of the definition thereof, or (z) result from a claim brought by any Loan Party against such Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations under any Loan Document, if such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. This Section 10.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 -113 - 

(c) To the extent that the Company or any Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lenders under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, each Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lenders in their capacity as such. 
 (d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided , that nothing in this clause (d) shall relieve the Loan Parties of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 10.04 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Loan Party without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Credit Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Assignee) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: 
 (A) the Company, provided that, the Company shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; provided further that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender), an 
 -114 - 

Affiliate of a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender), an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee ; 
 (B) the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment to a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) or an Affiliate of a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender); and 
 (C) each Swingline Lender. 

(ii) 
 
 Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents; 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500; 
 (D) the assignee shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, withholding agent and/or the Loan Parties, as applicable, any documentation required by Sections 2.17(f) and (g) ; and 
 (E) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 

(iii) 
 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a 

 -115 - 

party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents, such Lender shall cease to be a party thereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 10.03 ). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under the Loan Documents that does not comply with this Section 10. 0 4 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 

(iv) 
 
 The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrowers and the Credit Parties shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company and the Borrowers and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(v) 
 
 Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants), any documentation required by Sections 2.17(f) and (g) , the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Sections 2.05(d) , 2.07(b) , 2.18(d) or 10.03(c) , the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein 

 -116 - 

in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

 (c) Any Lender may, without the consent of any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, or the Swingline Lenders, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Assignee, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under the Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 10.02(b) that affects such Participant. Each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.17(f) and (g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information and documentation required under Section 2.17(g) shall be delivered to the Company, on behalf of the Borrowers, and the Administrative Agent)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Loan Parties, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or is otherwise required by law. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each 
 -117 - 

Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under the Loan Documents to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the above, unless an Event of Default is continuing, 
 (i) A Lender under this Agreement shall give each Swiss Borrower notice of any assignment or transfer of any rights or obligations hereunder in whole or in part (along with confirmation as to whether the assignee or transferee is (1) a Swiss Qualifying Bank or (2) not a Swiss Qualifying Bank) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to such assignment or transfer; and 
 (ii) A Swiss Borrower may make a written objection to such Lender under this Agreement prior to such assignment or transfer based on such Swiss Borrower s reasonable belief that such assignment or transfer would violate the Swiss 10 Non-Bank Rule; and (iii) if such objection is made, such assignment or transfer shall be effected only with such Swiss Borrower s consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (it being unreasonable to withhold consent unless such assignment or transfer would violate the Swiss 10 Non-Bank Rule and assuming, for the avoidance of doubt, that at any time during the term of this Agreement there may be up to ten Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Banks as Lenders (whether or not there are, at any time, any or less of such Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Banks as Lenders) ). 
 (iii) Each Person that becomes a party to this Agreement shall confirm prior to becoming a party to this Agreement which of the following categories it falls in: (1) a Swiss Qualifying Bank, or (2) not a Swiss Qualifying Bank. 
 SECTION 10.05 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties herein and in the other Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to any Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 10.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the 
 -118- 

repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 SECTION 10.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution . 
 (a) This Agreement (including the Indonesian version of this Agreement) may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 (c) The Indonesian version of this Agreement, when it is executed, shall not be construed by any Party as creating different rights and obligations, or duplications or multiplication of the rights and obligations of the Parties under any version of this Agreement, and shall be deemed to be effective from the date of execution of the English language version. 
 SECTION 10.07 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 10.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by 
 -119- 

such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of a Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the Obligations of such Borrower or such Loan Party , as applicable, now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or any of i ts respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or any such Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of a Borrowe r or any other Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or such Affiliate different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender or any Affiliate thereof shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so setoff shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.20 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender or its Affiliate shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates as to which such right of setoff was exercised. The rights of each Lender and its respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its respective Affiliates may have. Each Lende r agree s to notify the Borrower s , the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application . 
 SECTION 10.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process; Language Choice . 
 (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, and of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that any Credit Party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 -120 - 

(c) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 10.01 . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. 
 (e) Without limiting the foregoing, each Borrower hereby irrevocably designates the Company, at its address set forth in Section 10.01 , as the designee, appointee and agent of such Borrower to receive, for and on behalf of such Borrower, service of process in such respective jurisdictions in any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (f) The parties hereto have requested that this Agreement and any document relating thereto be drafted in English. In the event this Agreement is translated in order to comply with the laws and regulations of the Indonesian Borrowers and in the event that there is a discrepancy between the interpretation of English text with the translation, the parties agree that the English text will prevail. 
 SECTION 10.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 10.11 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 10.12 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Each Credit Party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) 
 -121 - 

to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (B) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Loan Party and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Company or vi i i to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (B) becomes available to any Credit Party on a non-confidential basis from a source other than any Loan Party. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from any Loan Party relating to such Loan Party or its business, other than any such information that is available to any Credit Party on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by such Loan Party and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers that service the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from such Loan Party after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 (b) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 10.12(a) FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 (c) ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE LOAN PARTIES OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE LOAN PARTIES AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 -122 - 

SECTION 10.13 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the applicable Overnight Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 10.14 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Act or any other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the names and addresses of the Loan Parties and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the Act or such Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 SECTION 10.15 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . 
 (a) In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) the facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, on the other hand, and the Loan Parties are capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof), (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person, (iii) none of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or the Lenders has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Loan Parties with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any Arranger or Lender has advised or is currently advising the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or the Lenders has any obligation to the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates with respect to the financing transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, (iv) the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that 
 -123 - 

differ from, and may conflict with, those of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or the Lenders has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (v) the Adm inistrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate. 
 (b) Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that each Lender, the Arranger and any Affiliate thereof may lend money to, invest in, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any of Loan Parties, any Affiliate thereof or any other person or entity that may do business with or own securities of any of the foregoing, all as if such Lender, Arranger or Affiliate thereof were not a Lender or Arranger or an Affiliate thereof (or an agent or any other person with any similar role under the credit facilities) and without any duty to account therefor to any other Lender, the Arranger, the Loan Parties or any Affiliate of the foregoing. Each Lender, the Arranger and any Affiliate thereof may accept fees and other consideration from the Loan Parties or any Affiliate thereof for services in connection with this Agreement, the Credit Facilities or otherwise without having to account for the same to any other Lender, the Arranger, the Loan Parties or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
 SECTION 10.16 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 

i 
 
 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) 
 
 a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) 
 
 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 

 -124 - 

SECTION 10.17 Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 10.17 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (c) The Company and each other Borrower hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Company or any Borrower, except to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Company or any Borrower for the purpose of making a payment to satisfy any of the Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan 
 -125 - 

Document, the provisions of this Section 10.1 7 relating to Payments (including the preceding two paragraphs and this paragraph) will not constitute, create or otherwise alter any Obligations on the part of the Company or the Borrowers under the Loan Documents or otherwise . 
 Each party s obligations under this Section 10.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of any or all Obligations under any Loan Document 
 SECTION 10.18 Restatement of Original Credit Agreement . 
 The parties hereto agree that, on the Effective Date, the following transactions shall be deemed to occur automatically, without further action by any party hereto: 
 (a) the Original Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be amended and restated in its entirety in the form of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, that certain Revolving Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, with an aggregate principal amount of 65,000,000 and with an expected maturity of October 29, 2021, shall continue to accrue interest at an interest rate per annum equal to the Adjusted LIBO Rate plus the Applicable Rate (in each case, as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) until October 29, 2021; thereafter, such loan will bear interest as set forth in this Agreement; 
 (b) all Obligations under and as defined in the Original Credit Agreement and all Obligations under the other Loan Documents (the Existing Obligations outstanding on the Effective Date shall in all respects be continuing and shall be deemed to be Obligations outstanding hereunder and thereunder; and 
 (c) all references in the other Loan Documents to the Original Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement. 
 The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and the other applicable Loan Documents do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing or termination of the Existing Obligations and that all such Existing Obligations are in all respects continued and outstanding as Obligations under this Agreement. 
 [Signature Pages Follow] 

-126 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

CABOT CORPORATION, as the Company and as Guarantor 

By: 
 
 /s/ Erica McLaughlin 

Name: 
 
 Erica McLaughlin 

Title: 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Cabot Luxembourg TC S.a.r.l., LUXEMBOURG, SCHAFFHAUSEN Branch , as a Borrower 

By: 
 
 /s/ Janine Maus 

Name: 
 
 Janine Maus 

Title: 
 
 Branch Office Manager 

By: 
 
 /s/ Aled Rees 

Name: 
 
 Aled Rees 

Title: 
 
 Authorized Signatory 

CABOT GMBH, as a Borrower 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ivana Jovanovic 

Name: 
 
 Ivana Jovanovic 

Title: 
 
 Managing Director 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ebru Ozdemir 

Name: 
 
 Ebru Ozdemir 

Title: 
 
 Managing Director 

CABOT SWITZERLAND GMBH, as a Borrower 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ivana Jovanovic 

Name: 
 
 Ivana Jovanovic 

Title: 
 
 Manager 

By: 
 
 /s/ Aled Rees 

Name: 
 
 Aled Rees 

Title: 
 
 President of Management 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (EMEA SUBSIDIARIES 2021)] 

CABOT CARBON LIMITED, as a Borrower 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ivana Jovanovic 

Name: 
 
 Ivana Jovanovic 

Title: 
 
 Director 

By: 
 
 /s/ Helen McCulloch 

Name: 
 
 Helen McCulloch 

Title: 
 
 Director 

PT CABOT INDONESIA, as a Borrower 

By: 
 
 /s/ Chew Chee Hean 

Name: 
 
 Chew Chee Hean 

Title: 
 
 Director 

By: 
 
 /s/ Dixy Olyviardy 

Name: 
 
 Dixy Olyviardy 

Title: 
 
 Director 

PT CABOT ASIA PACIFIC SOUTH, as a Borrower 

By: 
 
 /s/ Chew Chee Hean 

Name: 
 
 Chew Chee Hean 

Title: 
 
 Director 

By: 
 
 /s/ Dixy Olyviardy 

Name: 
 
 Dixy Olyviardy 

Title: 
 
 President Director 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender and a Swingline Lender 

HMRC DTTP Scheme passport number: 13/W/61173/DTTP 

Jurisdiction of tax residence: USA 

By: 
 
 /s/ Christopher S. Allen 

Name: 
 
 Christopher S. Allen 

Title: 
 
 Senior Vice President 

-2 - 

U.S. Bank National Association , as a Lender 

HMRC DTTP Scheme passport number: 13/U/62184/DTTP 

Jurisdiction of tax residence: USA 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kelsey E. Hehman 

Name: 
 
 Kelsey E. Hehman 

Title: 
 
 Assistant Vice President 

PNC Bank, National Association , as a Lender 

HMRC DTTP Scheme passport number: 13/P/63904/DTTP 

Jurisdiction of tax residence: USA 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eileen P. Murphy 

Name: 
 
 Eileen P. Murphy 

Title: 
 
 Vice President 

Mizuho Bank, LTD. , as a Lender 

HMRC DTTP Scheme passport number: 43/M/274822/DTTP 

Jurisdiction of tax residence: Japan 

By: 
 
 /s/ Donna DeMagistris 

Name: 
 
 Donna DeMagistris 

Title: 
 
 Executive Director 

-3 - 

</EX-10.(B)>

<EX-21>
 3
 cbt-ex21_356.htm
 EX-21

cbt-ex21_356.htm

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of Cabot Corporation (as of September 30, 2021) 

Subsidiary 

State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Cabot Argentina S.A.I.C. 
 
 Argentina 

Cabot Plastics Belgium S.A. 
 
 Belgium 

Cabot Performance Materials Belgium S.P.R.L. 
 
 Belgium 

N.V. Norit Belgium 
 
 Belgium 

Cabot (Bermuda) Ltd. 
 
 Bermuda 

Cabot Brasil Industria e Com rcio Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

Cabot Canada Ltd. 
 
 Ontario, Canada 

Cabot Norit Canada Inc. 
 
 New Brunswick, Canada 

8755329 Canada, Inc. 
 
 Quebec, Canada 

Tech Blend Corporation 
 
 Quebec, Canada 

Cabot Plastics Canada LP 
 
 Quebec, Canada 

Cabot Plastics Hong Kong Limited 
 
 China 

Shanghai Cabot Chemical Company Ltd. 
 
 China 

Cabot Trading (Shanghai) Company Ltd. 
 
 China 

Cabot (China) Limited 
 
 China 

Cabot Bluestar Chemical (Jiangxi) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Cabot Chemical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Cabot Performance Materials (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Cabot Performance Materials (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Cabot Performance Products (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Cabot Risun Chemical (Xingtai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Norit China Limited 
 
 China 

Cabot HengYeCheng Performance Materials (Inner-Mongolia) Company Limited 
 
 China 

Cabot Performance Materials (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd. (fka NSCC Carbon (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.) 
 
 China 

Cabot Colombiana S.A. 
 
 Colombia 

CS Cabot spol, s.r.o. 
 
 Czech Republic 

Cabot Czech Holding Company s.r.o. 
 
 Czech Republic 

Cabot France S.A.S. 
 
 France 

Cabot Carbone S.A.S. 
 
 France 

Cabot GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Cabot Holdings I GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Cabot Holdings II GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Cabot Aerogel GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Cabot India Limited 
 
 India 

P.T. Cabot Indonesia 
 
 Indonesia 

Subsidiary 

State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

PT Cabot Asia Pacific South 
 
 Indonesia 

Cabot Italiana S.p.A. 
 
 Italy 

Cabot Performance Materials Italy S.r.l 
 
 Italy 

Cabot Norit Italia S.p.A. 
 
 Italy 

Aizu Holdings G.K. 
 
 Japan 

Cabot Asia Kumiai 
 
 Japan 

Cabot Japan K.K. 
 
 Japan 

Cabot Supermetals K.K. 
 
 Japan 

Cabot Norit Japan Co. Ltd. 
 
 Japan 

Cabot Korea Y.H. 
 
 Korea 

SIA Cabot Latvia 
 
 Latvia 

Cabot Luxembourg Holdings S.a.r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Cabot Luxembourg Investments S.a.r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Cabot Luxembourg TC S.a.r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Cabot NHUMO Holdings I S.a.r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Cabot Asia Sdn. Bhd. 
 
 Malaysia 

Cabot Materials Research Sdn Bhd. 
 
 Malaysia 

Cabot (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. 
 
 Malaysia 

CMHC, Inc. 
 
 Mauritius 

Cabot Norit Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Cabot Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Eco-Cabot Activated Carbon Ptd. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Cabot NHUMO Holding S.A.P.I., de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Cabot Specialty Chemicals Mexico S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Altamira Carbon, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Mexico Reinforcement Materials, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Cabot S.A. 
 
 Spain 

Cabot International GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

Cabot Switzerland GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

Cabot B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Cabot Finance B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Cabot Activated Carbon B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Cabot Performance Materials Netherlands B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Norit Holding B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Norit International B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Norit Real Estate B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Norit EAPA Holding B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Cabot Norit Nederland B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Subsidiary 

State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Cabot Norit Technology B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

Cabot Turkey Performans Malzemeleri Anonim irketi 
 
 Turkey 

Black Rose Investments Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

Drag n Verde Investments Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

AHB Investments Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

HDF Investments Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

Ramaai Holdings Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

Cabot Performance Products FZE 
 
 Dubai, United Arab Emirates 

Botsel Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot Carbon Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot G.B. Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot Plastics Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot U.K. Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot UK Holdings Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot UK Holdings II Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot UK Holdings III Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot Performance Materials UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot Specialty Fluids North Sea Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland) 

Norit (UK) Holding Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland) 

Cabot Norit (UK) Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland) 

Purton Carbons Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland) 

Cabot Activated Carbon Holdings UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Cabot Activated Carbon UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom (England) 

Applied NanoStructured Solutions, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Beyond Lotus LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Cabot Asia Investments Corporation 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Cabot Ceramics, Inc. 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Cabot Corporation Foundation, Inc. 
 
 Massachusetts, United States 

Cabot CSC LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Cabot Europe Limited 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Cabot Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Cabot Insurance Co. Ltd. (Vermont) 
 
 Vermont, United States 

Cabot International Capital Corporation 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Cabot International Services Corporation 
 
 Massachusetts, United States 

Cabot Specialty Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 Delaware, United States 

CDE Company 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Energy Transport Limited LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Kawecki Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Subsidiary 

State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Norit Americas Holding Inc. 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Cabot Norit Americas, Inc. 
 
 Georgia, United States 

Cabot Activated Carbon LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 

Northeast Boulevard, LLC 
 
 Florida, United States 

Representaciones 1, 2 y 3 C.A. 
 
 Venezuela 

Valores Ramaai C.A. 
 
 Venezuela 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 cbt-ex23_194.htm
 EX-23

cbt-ex23_194.htm

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333- 177176, 333-19103, 333-19099, 333-96881, 333-134134, 333-158991, 333-161253, 333-181391, 333-204365, 333-216707 and 333-255782 each on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-236374 on Form S-3 of our reports dated November 29, 2021, relating to the financial statements of Cabot Corporation, and the effectiveness of Cabot Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cabot Corporation for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 29, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cbt-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

cbt-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31(i) 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification 
 I, Sean D. Keohane, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cabot Corporation; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29, 2021 

/ S / SEAN D. KEOHANE 

Sean D. Keohane 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cbt-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

cbt-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31(ii) 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification 
 I, Erica McLaughlin, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cabot Corporation; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29, 2021 

/s/ ERICA MCLAUGHLIN 

Erica McLaughlin 
 Senior Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 cbt-ex32_8.htm
 EX-32

cbt-ex32_8.htm

Exhibit 32 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report by Cabot Corporation (the Company ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 29, 2021 

/s/ SEAN D. KEOHANE 

Sean D. Keohane 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

November 29, 2021 

/s/ ERICA MCLAUGHLIN 

Erica McLaughlin 
 Senior Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cbt-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cbt-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cbt-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cbt-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cbt-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

