<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_836937_0001214659-21-010446.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4499811</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>306364</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>863402</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1105245</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>982357</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1138544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-21-010446.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013161043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-21-010446
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UPD HOLDING CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000836937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				133465289
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10320
		FILM NUMBER:		211321332

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 PRINGLE WAY, 8TH FLOOR, SUITE 804
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-829-7999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 PRINGLE WAY, 8TH FLOOR, SUITE 804
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Esio Water & Beverage Development Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tempco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080411

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NETtime Solutions, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-21-010446.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 s10621010k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

- 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: None . 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

OTC OB 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

1 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). o Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o 
 
 Accelerated filer o 
 
 o 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value
of the registrant s voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2020 (the last business day
of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately . 

As of October 13, 2021, the registrant had 
shares of its 0.005 par value common stock issued and outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None. 

2 

UPD HOLDING CORP. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 

PART I 

Item 1 
 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 
 Item 2 
 
 Properties 
 37 
 
 Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 
 Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 

PART II 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item 6 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 38 
 
 Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 
 Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 
 Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 60 
 
 Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 60 
 
 Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 60 

PART III 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 61 
 
 Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 64 
 
 Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 
 
 Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 66 
 
 Item 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 67 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 68 

SIGNATURES 
 69 

3 

 Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995), within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations that involve a number
of risks and uncertainties. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, 
 expects, may, will, should, or anticipates, or the negative thereof
or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. Investors
are cautioned that these forward-looking statements that are not historical facts are only predictions. No assurances can be given
that the future results indicated, whether expressed or implied, will be achieved. Because of the number and range of assumptions underlying
the Company s projections and forward-looking statements, many of which are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies
that are beyond the reasonable control of the Company, some of the assumptions inevitably will not materialize, and unanticipated events
and circumstances may occur subsequent to the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations
and the Company assumes no obligation to update this information. Therefore, the actual experience of the Company and the results
achieved during the period covered by any particular projections or forward-looking statements may differ substantially from those projected.
 The inclusion of projections and other forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any
other person that these estimates and projections will be realized, and actual results may vary materially. There can be no assurance
that any of these expectations will be realized or that any of the forward-looking statements contained herein will prove to be accurate. 

PART I 

UPD Holding Corp is referred to herein as we , our ,
or us 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Incorporation 

We were incorporated in the state of
Nevada on June 6, 1988. 

Our Subsidiaries 

Our wholly owned subsidiaries consist of the following: 

United Project Development Corporation United Project ), incorporated in Nevada on June
12, 2015. 

Vital Behavioral Health, Inc. Vital incorporated in Nevada on October 1, 2020. 

iMetabolic Corp iMetabolic incorporated in Nevada on July 1, 2013. 

Vital s subsidiaries consist of: 

VBH Frankfort, LLC VBHF 

VSL Frankfort LLC VSLF 

The Vital Acquisition 

On February 16, 2021, we completed a Stock Exchange
Agreement with Vital and each of its shareholders, providing for: 

Our acquisition of 100 of Vital s outstanding shares via our issuance of 16,840,000 shares to Vital
in exchange for 100 of Vital s outstanding shares, at which time Vital became our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

Our acquiring Vital s assets and assuming Vital s liabilities and its 2 wholly owned
subsidiaries, VBHF and VSLF. 

Pursuant to the Vital acquisition, we adopted
our new business plan of providing inpatient and outpatient substance use treatment services for individuals with drug addiction, alcohol
addiction, and co-occurring mental/behavioral health issues through facilities that we will operate. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

On February 17, 2021, Vital formed the following
2 new Nevada incorporated entities, which became Vital s wholly owned subsidiaries: 

VBH Kentucky, Inc. VVHK 

VBH Garden Grove, Inc. VVH Garden 

VBH Kentucky, Inc. 

VBH Kentucky has succeeded to all of the preexisting
and intended operations of VBH Frankfort (a wholly-owned predecessor entity of Vital), which substantially concluded all of its material
operations as of May 3, 2021. VBH Kentucky operate an outpatient substance abuse treatment facility in Frankfort, Kentucky, for which
we have secured a lease as disclosed below. On August 26, 2021, we received a license to operate a non-hospital based alcohol and other
drug treatment facility from the Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services Office of the Inspector General. 

VSL Frankfurt, LLC VSL Frankfort will offer sober-designated living
quarters for individuals who are in recovery in conjunction with the Frankfort, Kentucky facility operated by VBH Kentucky. We anticipate
hiring 4 full time and 3 part time employees at our Frankfurt facility, including a full time Clinical Director. 

VBH Garden Grove, Inc. 

VBH Garden intends to identify substance use disorder
treatment facilities located in California to provide a West Coast patient solution that is able to economically accept select insurance
payors that facilitate a broader national patient base for Vital. VBH Garden has identified various potential license holders and facilities
located in Southern California and is in the due diligence phase for transaction consideration; however, there are no binding transactions
for any licenses or facilities in California as of September 17, 2021 and there are no assurances that any such transaction will be completed
in the future. 

Business Mission 

 We intend to be a provider of inpatient and outpatient
substance use treatment services for individuals with drug addiction, alcohol addiction, and co-occurring mental/behavioral health issues
through facilities that we operate. In connection with those treatment services we intend to perform clinical diagnostic laboratory services
and provide physician services to our patients. Our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries as detailed below. 

Prior Business History 

Record Street Brewing Company Craft
Beer Business 

On December 31, 2017, we closed on an
Agreement of Exchange and Plan of Reorganization with Record Street Brewing Co. RSB ), a Nevada corporation RSB ),
which required us to issue 80,000,000 of our restricted common stock shares to RSB s 4 shareholders for all of RSB s outstanding
capital stock. We purchased RSB to pursue the craft beer business. 

On December 31, 2020, we discontinued
RSB s operations pursuant to an Assumption Agreement between us and RSB whereby 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock
of RSB was assigned to RSB s co-founder/beneficial owner, the purchaser agreed to assume RSB s outstanding liabilities of
 251,164, and RSB acquired the rights to all royalties associated with the intellectual property licensing we previously held. During
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, RSB did not engage in material operations or generate material revenues. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

RSB's business model was based upon
a contract brewer and U.S. west coast distribution model that was permanently impacted by the loss of both its contract brewer and its
statewide California distributor in close time proximity. Specifically, RSB's original contract brewer, Mendocino Brewing Company,
filed for bankruptcy and ceased to provide contract brewing services, and RSB's California distributor, Young's Market Company, LLC, exited
the beer distribution business in California. While RSB made significant efforts to replace those vendors, however, such efforts were
unsuccessful, and we determined that it was in our best interests to exit the adult beverage business in favor of the health and wellness
business. 

iMetabolic Corporation Weight Loss and Weight Management
Products 

On July 1, 2013, we formed IMetablolic Corporation IMET in Nevada for the purpose of marketing products under the brand iMetabolic that previously were sold
by the brand s licensor, International Metabolic Institute LLC IMI ), as well trademark rights to IMET on July 22,
2013 (the License ). The License was amended on March 16, 2015 to clarify IMET s and IMI s future rights.
IMI produced a line of weight loss and weight management products, including, but not limited to, proprietary blend meal replacements,
dietary specialty foods, and nutraceuticals, which are sold at IMI s company store and doctors offices pursuant to a reservation
of rights by IMI in the License and on IMI s website at www.imetabolic.com. On October 5, 2021, pursuant to a termination
agreement with IMET, we terminated IMIT s business and the license. 

DESCRIPTION OF OUR CURRENT BUSINESS 
REHABILITATION SERVICES 

The Lexington, Kentucky Lease and Lease
Cancellation 

On January 14, 2021, our wholly owned subsidiary,
United Product Development Corporation, entered into a commercial lease with Athens Commons, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company,
for the lease of a 88,740 square foot building at 5532 Athens Boonsboro Road, Lexington, Kentucky (the Lexington Lease ).
The Lexington Lease is for a 5-year term with options to renew for 2 additional 5-year terms. The effective beginning date of the Lexington
Lease term was January 14, 2021. The Lexington Lease provides for minimum monthly rent of 50,000 for the first lease year and a 3 rental
increase for each succeeding lease year. We were only obligated to pay 20,000 per month for up to the first six month until the property
was re-zoned and licensed for our planned rehabilitation operations. The Lexington Lease has an option to cancel the lease during the
first six months if it is unable to obtain re-zoning approval and applicable regulatory licensing. 

On May 20, 2021, the Company terminated the Lexington
Lease due to zoning and licensing challenges associated with the facility. 

The Frankfort, Kentucky Lease 

On November 18, 2020, VBH Frankfort as the
tenant entered into a commercial lease (the Frankfort Lease with Kell Properties, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability
company, for the lease of 4,015 square feet of office space in Units B, C, and D of 915 Leawood Dr, Frankfort, Kentucky (i.e., the
Frankfort Facility). The term of the Frankfort Lease is twenty-four months with no explicit extension options. The base monthly
payment of the term of the Frankfort Lease is 2,365. The Frankfort Lease commenced on February 1, 2021 and was assigned to VBH
Kentucky, effective as of April 1, 2021. VBH Kentucky intends to develop the Frankfort Facility for the purpose of operating an
outpatient substance abuse treatment facility On August 26, 2021, our Non-Hospital-based Alcohol and Other Drug Treatment Entity AODE was approved by the Kentucky Office of the Inspector General. We anticipate that VSL Frankfort will commence
material operations during the second fiscal quarter of 2022. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

VBH Garden Grove 
 
 VBH Garden Grove intends to identify substance
use disorder treatment facilities located in California to provide patient solutions that is able to economically accept select insurance
payors to facilitate a broader patient base for Vital. VBH Garden Grove has identified various potential license holders and facilities
located in Southern California and is in the due diligence phase for transaction consideration; however, there are no binding transactions
for any licenses or facilities in California as of October 13, 2021. 

Business of Vital Behavioral Health, Inc. 

Vital s operational plans are contingent upon whether we are
able to: 

Obtain sufficient debt or equity financing to operate U.S. substance abuse facilities. 

Secure leases for the substance abuse facilities. 

Secure and have approved the required state licenses to operate the substance abuse facilities. 

Meet applicable zoning requirements. 

Upon our acquisition of Vital we became a health
and wellness company with a focus in the drug and alcohol rehabilitation services industry. Vital intends to operate U.S. facilities focusing
on substance abuse treatment and offer various programs that help provide a continuum of care to its patients. We intend to become a national
operator of clinical and transitional housing services for clients affected by substance use disorders and co-occurring disorders. Our
treatment plans will be based on an individualized approach and will be customized to meet each client s specific needs. 

The facilities we intend to operate
have access to Medically Monitored Withdrawal Management Services (MMWM), a Partial Hospitalization Program (PHP), an Intensive Outpatient
Program (IOP), and an Outpatient Program (OP). Clients who participate in the PHP, IOP, and OP treatment programs will be eligible for
housing through sober living accommodations that will be designed to give a client the ability to participate in his or her daily affairs
and work and to have access to daily on-campus treatment at convenient times and locations. 

We intend that most of our treatment
facilities will be enrolled in Medicare or Medicaid and will bill and accept payments from those governmental programs. In most cases,
it takes between 45 and 90 days for a Medicaid application to be processed and either accepted or denied by the state Medicaid office.
However, depending on the circumstances and the state in which one resides, the application process could be shorter or longer. Most facilities
that accept Medicaid generally provide programs with some degree of medical care and substance rehabilitation, including group and individual
therapy, 12-step meetings, and other recovery activities, on a 24 hours per day basis in a highly structured setting. Short-term programs
may last between 3 and 6 weeks and be followed by outpatient therapy. Long-term programs often last between 6 and 12 months and focus
on re-socializing patients as they prepare to re-enter their communities. Intensive outpatient services (IOPs) typically offer at least
9 hours of therapy per week in sets of three 3-hour sessions, and some studies have found them to be similar to residential and inpatient
programs in both services and effectiveness. 

Partial hospitalization programs (PHPs)
provide care for people who need a more comprehensive level of treatment than standard or intensive outpatient. These programs typically
consist of approximately 20 hours a week of treatment and may include vocational and educational counseling, family therapy, medically
supervised use of medications, and treatment of co-occurring disorders. IOPs may also offer these services, but the time commitment of
a PHP typically is greater. 

We will offer both IOP and PHP services
at our facilities and accept Medicare and Medicaid payor-qualified patients and clients. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

VSL Frankfort intends to offer sober-designated
living quarters for individuals who are in recovery. Operations for VSL Frankfort are intended to commence once VBH Kentucky obtains the
operating entitlements for its outpatient substance use treatment facility in Frankfort, Kentucky. Until such time, VSL Frankfort s
operations will be limited to planning and preparation. 

All of our plans reflected above and below are
contingent upon receiving adequate debt and/or equity financing of which there are no assurances we will be successful in obtaining. 

Our Future Services and Solutions 

We intend to provide quality, comprehensive, and
compassionate care to adults struggling with alcohol and/or drug abuse and dependence as well as co-occurring mental health issues. We
will maintain a research-based, disciplined treatment plan for all patients with schedules designed to engage the patient in an enriched
recovery experience. Our purpose and passion is to empower the individual, their families, and the broader community through the promotion
of optimal wellness of the mind, body, and spirit. 

We plan to offer the following types of therapy:
motivational interviewing, cognitive behavioral therapy, rational emotive behavior therapy, dialectical behavioral therapy, solution-focused
therapy, eye movement desensitization and reprocessing, and systematic family intervention. Our variety of therapy settings includes individual,
group, and family therapies, recovery-oriented challenge therapies, expressive therapies (with a focus on music and art), and trauma therapies. 

We also intend to provide Medicated-Assisted Treatment MAT ), which is the use of FDA-approved medications, in combination with counseling and behavioral therapies, to provide
a whole-patient approach to the treatment of substance use disorders. We believe that it is particularly effective for treating
certain conditions such as opioid use disorder, alcohol use disorder, and tobacco use disorder. The use of MAT has been shown to
significantly reduce overdoses from opioids and to improve long-term abstinence. 

Considering the high level of co-occurring substance
abuse, mental health, and medical conditions, we will offer patients a spectrum of psychiatric, medical, and wellness-focused services
based upon individual needs as assessed through comprehensive evaluations at admission and throughout participation in the program. To
maximize the likelihood of long-term recovery, all program levels will provide patients access to the following services: assessment of
individual substance abuse, mental health, medical history, and physical condition promptly upon admission; psychiatric evaluations; psychological
evaluations, and services based on patient needs; follow-up appointments with physicians and psychiatrists; medication monitoring; educational
classes regarding health risks, nutrition, smoking cessation, HIV awareness, life skills, healthy nutritional programs, and dietary plans;
access to fitness facilities; interactive wellness activities; and structured daily schedules designed for restorative sleep patterns. 

We plan to emphasize clinical treatment, as well
as the therapeutic value of overall physical and nutritional wellness. We are committed to providing fresh and nutritious meals throughout
a patient s stay in order to promote healthy routines, beginning with diet and exercise. Our facilities will offer comprehensive
work-out facilities either on-site or within walking distance, as well as various exercise classes and other amenities. We will support
long-term recovery for patients through research-based methodologies and individualized treatment planning while utilizing 12-step programs,
which are a set of guiding principles outlining a course of action for recovery. 

We plan to have a differentiated ability to manage
dual diagnosis cases and coordinate treatment of individuals suffering from the common combination of mental illness and substance abuse
simultaneously. These patients participate in education and discussion-oriented groups designed to provide information regarding the psychiatric
disorders that co-occur with chemical dependency. 

We plan to have a strong emphasis on tracking
patient satisfaction scores in order to measure our patient and staff interaction and overall outcome and reputation. In addition to patient
satisfaction surveys that we will receive after a patient s discharge, we also will solicit feedback during a patient s stay
at our inpatient facilities. This allows us to further tailor an individual s treatment plan to emphasize the programs that have
been more impactful to a particular patient. 

We believe in tracking clinical outcomes. We intend
to track and measure patient outcomes in order to drive continual improvement in our programs. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

We plan offer a full spectrum of treatment services
to patients based upon individual needs that are assessed through comprehensive evaluations at admission and throughout their participation
in the program. The assignment and frequency of services will correspond to individualized treatment plans within the context of the level
of care and treatment intensity level. 

Detoxification detox . Detoxification is usually conducted at an inpatient
facility for patients with physical or psychological dependence. Detoxification services are designed to clear toxins out of the body
so that the body can safely adjust and heal itself after being dependent upon a substance. Patients are medically monitored 24 hours per
day, seven days per week, by experienced medical professionals who work to alleviate withdrawal symptoms through medication, as appropriate.
We plan to provide detoxification services for several substances including alcohol, sedatives, and opiates. 

Residential Treatment . Residential care is a structured treatment approach designed to prepare
patients to return to the general community with a sober lifestyle, increased functionality, and improved overall wellness. Treatment
is provided on a 24 hours per day, seven days per week basis, and services generally include a minimum of two individual therapy sessions
per week, regular group therapy, family therapy, didactic and psycho-educational groups, exercise (if cleared by medical staff), case
management, and recreational activities. Medical and psychiatric care will be available to all patients, as needed, through our planned
contracted professional physician groups. 

Partial Hospitalization . Partial hospitalization is a structured program providing
care a minimum of 20 hours per week. This program is designed for patients who are stable enough physically and psychologically to participate
in everyday activities but who still require a degree of medical monitoring. Services include a minimum of weekly individual therapy,
regular group therapy, family education and family therapy, didactic and psycho-educational groups, exercise (if cleared by medical staff),
case management, and off-site recovery meetings and activities. Medical and psychiatric care will be available to all patients, as needed,
through our planned contracted professional physician groups. 

Intensive Outpatient Services . Less intensive than the aforementioned levels of care,
intensive outpatient services are comprised of a structured program providing care three days per week for three hours per day at a minimum.
Designed as a step down from partial hospitalization, this program reinforces progress and assists in the attainment of
sobriety, reduction of detrimental behaviors, and improved overall wellness of patients while they integrate and interact in the community.
Services include weekly individual therapy, group therapy, family education and family therapy, didactic and psycho-educational groups,
case management, off-site recovery meetings and activities, and intensive transitional and aftercare planning. 

Outpatient Services . Traditional outpatient services are delivered in regularly scheduled
sessions, usually less the nine hours per week. Outpatient services include professionally directed screening, assessment, therapy, and
other services designed to support successful transition to the community and long-term recovery. These services are tailored to a person s
specific needs and stage of recovery and may involve many modalities, including motivational enhancement, family therapy, educational
groups, occupational and recreational therapy, psychotherapy, and pharmacotherapy. 

Ancillary Services . In addition to our inpatient and outpatient treatment services,
we intend to provide medical monitoring for adherence to addiction treatment, clinical diagnostic laboratory services, and physician services
to our patients through our contracted laboratories and professional physician groups. We believe toxicological monitoring of patients
is an important component of substance abuse treatment. Patients are evaluated for illicit substances upon admission and thereafter on
a random basis and as otherwise determined to be medically necessary by the treating physician. 

Sober Living Facilities . We plan to provide sober living arrangements that serve as
an interim environment for patients transitioning from inpatient treatment centers to lower levels of care and eventually back to their
former living arrangements. Sober living facilities enable us to utilize existing beds for patients requiring higher levels of care, while
still providing housing for patients completing outpatient treatment programs. We provide sober living arrangements to patients through
our owned and leased properties in Texas, Nevada, Mississippi, and Florida. We plan to continue using sober living facilities as a complement
to our outpatient services. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Business Strategies 

Vital plans to hire highly trained and
experienced clinical staff to deploy research-based treatment programs with structured curricula for detoxification, inpatient treatment,
partial hospitalization, and intensive outpatient care. By keeping the majority of its treatment facilities and housing on campuses that
are conveniently located within walking distance to traditional community services, we are striving to create so-called sober cities 
in the United States that will nurture its clients development at all stages from detox to long-term self-sufficiency. By applying
a tailored treatment program based on the individual needs of each patient, many of whom require treatment for a co-occurring mental health
disorder such as depression, bipolar disorder, or schizophrenia, we believe we will offer the level of quality care and service necessary
for our patients to achieve and maintain sobriety. Development of our business and the Vital Behavioral Health and Vital Sober
Living national brands is contingent upon our ability to raise sufficient funds to fund hiring clinical experts, leasing facilities,
and hiring professional staff, and national sales and marketing programs. We will engage the following strategies: 

Clinical excellence and outcomes-driven treatment. Our operations require us to comply with the
national standard for quality and sustainable outcomes in addiction treatment and to ongoing measurement and transparency regarding patient
outcomes. In addition to measurement of patient outcomes and satisfaction with treatment, we plan to advance utilization of modern, evidence-based
interventions that address addiction as a chronic brain disease, as supported by the science. 

Improve census over time at existing facilities. We plan to connect with potential patients through
a multi-faceted program that involves education about the disease of addiction and the development of relationships with healthcare professionals,
digital marketing, as well as such traditional channels as television, radio and print advertising. We plan to will take a consultative,
empathetic approach in operating our admissions department to allow our personnel to effectively identify and enroll patients who may
benefit from our treatment service offerings. 

Target complementary growth opportunities. We plan to pursue growth opportunities that are complementary
to our business, including providing laboratory services to other substance abuse treatment providers and expanding other ancillary services. 

Develop outpatient operations. We plan to selectively pursue opportunities to add outpatient centers
to complement our broader network of inpatient treatment facilities. We believe expanding our reach by developing or acquiring premium
outpatient facilities of a quality consistent with our inpatient services will further enhance our brand and our ability to provide a
more comprehensive suite of services across the spectrum of care. 

Opportunistically diversify our portfolio of treatment facilities. We intend to selectively seek
acquisition opportunities to expand and diversify our geographic presence, service offerings, and the portion of the population that can
access our services based on their individual healthcare coverage We believe that most mental health and substance abuse treatment companies
in operation are small, regional operations and this high level of fragmentation presents us with the opportunity to acquire facilities
or small providers and create economies of scale and enhanced patient care. All of the above plans are contingent upon adequate funding
of which there are no assurances. 

Sales and Marketing 

We intend to use a multi-faceted approach to reach
potential patients suffering from the disease of addiction and co-occurring psychiatric disorders. This multi-pronged approach will include: 

National Marketing Force. We intend to deploy and manage a team of representatives that will focus
on developing relationships with hospitals, other treatment facilities, psychiatrists, therapists, social workers, employers, unions,
alumni, and employee assistance programs. Our sales representatives will educate these various constituents about the disease of addiction
and the variety of treatment services that we provide. 

Multi-Media Marketing. Through comprehensive online directories of treatment providers, treatment
provider reviews, user content that discusses the disease of addiction, treatment and recovery, as well as discussion forums and professional
communities, our future addiction-related websites will serve families and individuals who are struggling with addiction and seeking treatment
options. Additionally, we plan to pursue advertising opportunities in television commercials, radio spots, newspaper articles, medical
journals, and other print media that promote our facilities and have the intent to build our integrated, national brand. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Recommendations by Alumni. We anticipate receiving new patients who are directly referred to our
facilities by our satisfied and supportive alumni, as well as their friends and families. As our national brand continues to grow and
our business continues to increase, we believe our alumni will become an increasingly important source of business for us. 

The extent that we are able to implement the foregoing
or even able to implement any of the foregoing sales and marketing plans are contingent upon adequate funding, of which there are no assurances. 

Admissions Center Operations 

We intend to maintain a 24-hours per day, seven
days per week, remote admissions center. Our centralized admissions center initially will be provided by a third party provider that will
focus on outreach and enrolling patients. As part of its role, the admissions center team will conduct benefits verification, handle initial
communication with insurance companies, complete patient intake screenings, consult with our clinicians where necessary regarding a potential
patient s specific medical or psychological condition, begin the pre-certification process for treatment authorization, help each
patient choose a proper treatment facility for his or her clinical and financial needs, and assist patients with arrangements and logistics. 

Professional Groups 

We plan to become affiliated with groups of physicians
and mid-level service providers that may provide certain professional services to our patients through professional services agreements
with certain of our treatment facilities (the Professional Groups ). Under the professional services agreements, the Professional
Groups may provide a physician to serve as medical director for the applicable facility. The Professional Groups may either bill the payor
for their services directly or be compensated by the treatment facility based on fair market value hourly rates. 

Competition 

Our competitors have
greater assets, revenues, operational resources and financial resources than we do. The market for mental health and substance abuse treatment
facilities is highly fragmented with approximately 12,000 different companies providing services to the adult and adolescent population,
of which only 30 are operated by for-profit organizations (Source: DHHS, 2020 Data on Substance Abuse Treatment Facilities). Our inpatient
treatment facilities will compete with several national competitors and many regional and local competitors. Some of our competitors are
government entities that are supported by tax revenue, and others are non-profit entities that are primarily supported by endowments and
charitable contributions. We do not receive financial support from these sources. Some larger companies in our industry compete with
us on a national scale and offer substance use treatment services among other behavioral healthcare services. To a lesser extent, we also
compete with other providers of substance use treatment services, including other inpatient behavioral healthcare facilities and general
acute care hospitals. 

We believe the primary competitive factors affecting
our business include: 

quality of clinical programs and services; 

reputation and brand recognition; 

overall aesthetics of the facilities; 

amenities offered to patients; 

relationships with payors and referral sources; 

sales and marketing capabilities; 

information systems and proprietary data analytics; 

senior management experience; and 

national scope of operations. 

Legal Proceedings 

There are no legal actions currently threatened
or pending against us, our subsidiaries, or the Vital Subsidiaries. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Research and Development 

We did not incur any research and development
expenditures over the last two fiscal years or since our inception. 

Revenues 

 We plan to generate revenues through our Vital
Behavioral Health operations from behavioral health treatment services at our inpatient and outpatient treatment facilities, which will
be derived from personally funded patients (i.e., private payor), insurance companies (e.g., United Healthcare and Blue Cross and Blue
Shield), and government program payors (e.g., Medicaid and Medicare) that act as the primary payment or reimbursement source of funds
for our patient services. We also plan to generate revenues through our Vital Sober Living operations as a landlord through the
provision of sober living residences that are supported by our Vital Behavioral Health patient services. Initially, we expect that
our revenue-producing operations will commence in Frankfort, Kentucky. 

Intellectual Property 

We have no registered patents, trademarks, or
other intellectual property. 

Dependence On One or a Few Major Customers

We do not anticipate being depending upon any
one or a few major customers since our facilities will accommodate multiple patients. 

Seasonality of Business 

Seasonality does not materially affect our business. 

Government Regulations 

Introduction 

Healthcare service providers are required to comply
with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state, and local government levels, including: 

licensure, certification and accreditation of substance use treatment services; 

licensure, Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA) certification and accreditation of
laboratory services; 

handling, administration and distribution of controlled substances; 

necessity and adequacy of care and quality of services; 

licensure, certification and qualifications of professional and support personnel; 

referrals of patients and permissible relationships with physicians and other referral sources; 

claim submission and collections, including penalties for the submission of, or causing the submission
of, false, fraudulent or misleading claims and the failure to repay overpayments in a timely manner; 

extensive conditions of participation for Medicare and Medicaid programs 

consumer protection issues and billing and collection of patient-owed accounts issues; 

communications with patients and consumers, including laws intended to prevent misleading marketing practices; 

privacy and security of health-related information, patient personal information and medical records; 

physical plant planning, construction of new facilities and expansion of existing facilities; 

activities regarding competitors; 

U.S. Federal Drug Administration (FDA) laws and regulations related to drugs and medical devices; 

operational, personnel and quality requirements intended to ensure that clinical testing services are
accurate, reliable and timely; 

health and safety of employees; 

handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens and infectious and hazardous waste; 

corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting, self-referral and kickback prohibitions, including recent
state and federal laws intended to eliminate bribes and kickbacks; and 

the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, which became law on October 24, 2018. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Substance abuse treatment providers are regulated
extensively at the federal, state, and local levels. In order to operate our business and obtain reimbursement from third-party payors,
we must obtain and maintain a variety of licenses, permits, certifications, and accreditations. We also must comply with numerous other
laws and regulations applicable to the provision of substance abuse disorder services. Our facilities also are subject to periodic on-site
inspections by the regulatory and accreditation agencies in order to determine our compliance with applicable requirements. 

The laws and regulations that affect substance
abuse treatment providers are complex and change frequently. We must regularly review our organization and operations and make changes
as necessary to comply with changes in the law or new interpretations of laws or regulations. In recent years, significant public attention
has focused on the healthcare industry, including attention to the conduct of industry participants and the cost of healthcare services.
Federal and state government agencies have heightened and coordinated civil and criminal enforcement efforts relating to the healthcare
industry. The ongoing investigations relate to, among other things, referral practices, cost reporting, billing practices, credit balances,
physician ownership, and joint ventures involving hospitals and other healthcare providers. Recently, federal and state governmental officials
have focused on fraud and abuse in the addiction treatment industry. In particular, new laws and regulations have been passed in recent
years that are intended to prohibit the payment of kickbacks, bribes, and other inducements in exchange for referrals of patients to treatment
providers, including residential treatment centers and outpatient programs. We expect that healthcare costs and other factors will continue
to encourage both the development of new laws and regulations and increased enforcement activity, including among substance abuse treatment
providers. 

While we believe we are in substantial compliance
with all applicable laws and regulations, and we are not aware of any material pending or threatened investigations involving allegations
of wrongdoing, there can be no assurances of compliance. Compliance with such laws and regulations may be subject to future government
review and interpretation, as well as significant regulatory action including fines, penalties, and exclusion from government health programs. 

Environmental, Health and Safety Matters 

We are subject to various federal, state, and
local environmental laws that: (i) regulate certain activities and operations that may have environmental or health and safety effects,
such as the handling, storage, transportation, treatment, and disposal of medical and pharmaceutical waste products generated at our facilities,
the presence of other hazardous substances in the indoor environment and protection of the environment and natural resources in connection
with the development or construction of our facilities; (ii) impose liability for costs of cleaning up, and damages to natural resources
from, past spills, waste disposals on and off-site or other releases of hazardous materials or regulated substances; and (iii) regulate
workplace safety, including the safety of workers who may be exposed to blood-borne pathogens such as HIV, the hepatitis B virus, and
the hepatitis C virus. Our laboratory and some of our treatment facilities generate infectious or other hazardous medical waste due to
the illness or physical condition of our patients and in connection with performing laboratory tests. The management of infectious medical
waste is subject to regulation under various federal, state, and local environmental laws that establish management requirements for such
waste. These requirements include recordkeeping, notice, and reporting obligations. Management believes that our operations are generally
in compliance with environmental and health and safety regulatory requirements or that any non-compliance will not result in a material
liability or cost to achieve compliance. Historically, the costs of achieving and maintaining compliance with environmental laws and regulations
at our facilities, including our laboratory, have not been material. 

A CLIA certificate demonstrates that a testing
laboratory meets the federal regulations for clinical diagnostic testing, ensuring quality and safety in the laboratory and laboratory
results. The Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 are administered by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS). 

The United States has recently enacted the Eliminating
Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018 (EKRA) to create a new federal crime for knowingly and willfully: (1) soliciting or receiving any remuneration
in return for referring a patient to a recovery home, clinical treatment facility, or laboratory; or (2) paying or offering any remuneration
to induce such a referral or in exchange for an individual using the services of a recovery home, clinical treatment facility, or laboratory.
Certain states, including Florida, have enacted similar laws, or will likely enact similar laws in the future. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Licensure, Accreditation, and Certification 

All of our substance abuse treatment facilities
will be licensed under applicable state laws where licensure is required. Licensing requirements vary significantly depending upon the
state in which a facility is located and the types of services provided. The types of licensed services that our facilities will provide
include medical detox, inpatient, partial hospitalization, intensive outpatient, outpatient treatment, ambulatory detox, and community
housing. In addition, our employed case managers, therapists, nurses, medical providers, and technicians may be subject to individual
state license requirements. 

Our facilities that store and dispense controlled
substances will be required to register with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA and abide by DEA regulations
regarding controlled substances. Each of our substance abuse treatment facilities will obtain accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation
of Rehabilitation Facilities CARF and/or The Joint Commission, which are the primary accreditation bodies in the substance
abuse treatment industry. This type of accreditation program is intended to improve the quality, safety, outcomes, and value of healthcare
services provided by accredited facilities. CARF and The Joint Commission require an initial application and completion of on-site surveys
demonstrating compliance with accreditation requirements. Accreditation is granted for a specified period, typically ranging from one
to three years, and renewals of accreditation require completion of a renewal application and an on-site renewal survey. 

The Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments
of 1988 regulates virtually all clinical laboratories by requiring that they be certified by the federal government and comply with various
technical, operational, personnel, and quality requirements intended to ensure that laboratory testing services are accurate, reliable,
and timely. Standards for testing under CLIA are based on the level of complexity of the tests performed by the laboratory. A CLIA certificate
of waiver may be sought by our treatment facilities that only perform the types of tests waived under CLIA, such as point-of-care drug
analysis, glucose monitoring, and pregnancy testing. 

We will contract with third-party clinical laboratory
facilities to perform high complexity testing. Each such laboratory will hold a CLIA certificate of accreditation, certifying that it
meets more stringent requirements than laboratories performing less complex testing. CLIA does not preempt state laws that may be more
stringent than federal law. State laws may require additional personnel qualifications, quality control, record maintenance and/or proficiency
testing. A number of states in which we intend to operate have implemented their own regulatory and licensure requirements. In addition,
some states require laboratories that solicit or test samples collected from individuals within that state to hold a laboratory license
even though the laboratory does not have physical operations within the state. 

We intend that all of our in-house and outside
contracted facilities and programs will be in substantial compliance with the then-current applicable state and local licensure, certification,
and accreditation requirements. Periodically, state and local regulatory agencies, as well as accreditation entities, will conduct surveys
of our facilities and may find that a facility is not in full compliance with all of the accreditation standards. Upon receipt of any
such finding, the facility will submit a plan of correction and remedy any cited deficiencies. 

FDA Laws and Regulations 

The Food and Drug Administration FDA has regulatory responsibility over, among other areas, instruments, test kits, reagents, and other devices used by clinical laboratories
to perform diagnostic testing. We may develop esoteric tests that are offered as laboratory developed tests LDTs ). The
FDA has claimed regulatory authority over all LDTs but exercises enforcement discretion in not mandating FDA approval for most LDTs performed
by high complexity CLIA certified laboratories. The FDA released draft guidance in 2014 that would increase regulation of LDTs but has
indefinitely delayed finalizing the guidance. 

Fraud, Abuse and Self-Referral Laws 

We intend that most of our treatment facilities
will be enrolled in Medicare or Medicaid and bill and accept payments from those governmental programs. Therefore, the majority of our
operations will be impacted by the anti-kickback provisions of the Social Security Act, commonly known as the Anti-Kickback Statute, or
the federal prohibition on physician self-referrals, commonly referred to as the Stark Law. We expect that over the longer term, an increasing
number of our patients will be members of governmental health insurance programs and therefore, these rules and restrictions will increasingly
affect our operations. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the payment,
receipt, offer, or solicitation of remuneration of any kind in exchange for items or services that are reimbursed under federal healthcare
programs. The Stark Law prohibits physicians from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients to healthcare providers that furnish certain
designated health services, including laboratory services and inpatient and outpatient hospital services, if the physicians or their immediate
family members have ownership interests in, or other financial arrangements with, the healthcare providers. Many states have anti-kickback
and physician self-referral prohibitions similar to the federal statutes and regulations. Some of these state laws are drafted broadly
to cover all payors (i.e., not restricted to Medicare and other federal healthcare programs), and they often lack interpretative guidance.
A violation of these laws could result in a prohibition on billing payors for such services, an obligation to refund amounts received,
or civil or criminal penalties and could adversely affect the state license of any program or facility found to be in violation. 

In addition to the Anti-Kickback Statute, the
United States has recently enacted an addiction treatment-specific law known as the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act EKRA ).
The EKRA created a new federal crime for knowingly and willfully: (1) soliciting or receiving any remuneration in return for referring
a patient to a recovery home, clinical treatment facility, or laboratory; or (2) paying or offering any remuneration to induce such a
referral or in exchange for an individual using the services of a recovery home, clinical treatment facility, or laboratory. Each conviction
under EKRA is punishable by up to 200,000 in monetary damages, imprisonment for up to ten (10) years, or both. Unlike the Anti-Kickback
Statutes, EKRA is not limited to services reimbursable under a government healthcare program. While EKRA contains certain exceptions similar
to the Anti-Kickback Statute Safe Harbors, those exceptions are narrower than the Anti-Kickback Statute Safe Harbors. As such, certain
practices that would not have violated the Anti-Kickback Statute may violate EKRA. 

Federal prosecutors have broad authority to prosecute
healthcare fraud. For example, federal law criminalizes the knowing and willful execution or attempted execution of a scheme or artifice
to defraud any healthcare benefit program as well as obtaining by false pretenses any money or property owned by any healthcare benefit
program. Federal law also prohibits embezzlement of healthcare funds, false statements relating to healthcare, and obstruction of the
investigation of criminal offenses. These federal criminal offenses are enforceable regardless of whether an entity or individual participates
in the Medicare program or any other federal healthcare program. 

False Claims 

We are subject to state and federal laws that
govern the submission of claims for reimbursement. These laws generally prohibit an individual or entity from knowingly and willfully
presenting a claim (or causing a claim to be presented) for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that is false
or fraudulent. The standard for knowing and willful often includes conduct that amounts to a reckless disregard for whether
accurate information is presented by claims processors. Penalties under these statutes include substantial civil and criminal fines, exclusion
from the Medicare program, and imprisonment. 

One of the most prominent of these laws is the
federal False Claims Act FCA ), which may be enforced by the federal government directly or by a qui tam plaintiff
(or whistleblower) on the government s behalf. When a private plaintiff brings a qui tam action under the FCA, the defendant
often will not be made aware of the lawsuit until the government commences its own investigation or determines whether it will intervene.
When a defendant is determined by a court of law to be liable under the FCA, the defendant may be required to pay three times the amount
of the alleged false claim, plus mandatory civil penalties of between 11,181 and 22,363 for each separate false claim. These and
certain other civil monetary penalties will increase annually based on updates to the consumer price index. 

Many states have passed false claims acts similar
to the FCA. Under these laws, the government may impose a penalty and recover damages, often treble damages, for knowingly submitting
or participating in the submission of claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or which contain false or misleading information.
These laws may be limited to specific programs (such as state workers compensation programs) or may apply to all payors. In many
cases, alleged violations of these laws may be brought by a whistleblower who may be an employee, a referring physician, a competitor,
a patient, or other individual or entity, and who may be eligible for a portion of any recovery. Further, like the federal law, state
false claims act laws generally protect employed whistleblowers from retribution by their employers. 

Although we believe that we have procedures in
place to ensure the accurate completion of claims forms and requests for payment, the laws, regulations, and standards defining proper
billing, coding, and claim submission are complex and have not been subjected to extensive judicial or agency interpretation. Billing
errors can occur despite our best efforts to prevent or correct them, and we cannot assure that the government or a payor will regard
such errors as inadvertent and not in violation of the applicable false claims act laws or related statutes. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Privacy and Security Requirements 

There are numerous federal and state regulations
that address the privacy and security of patient health information. In particular, federal regulations issued under the Drug Abuse Prevention,
Treatment and Rehabilitation Act of 1979 (known as the Part 2 Regulations restrict the disclosure of, and regulate the
security of, patient identifiable information related to substance abuse and apply to any of our facilities that receive federal assistance,
which is interpreted broadly to include facilities licensed, certified or registered by a federal agency. Further, the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), extensively regulates the use and disclosure of individually identifiable
health information (known as protected health information and requires covered entities, which include most health providers,
to implement and maintain administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the security of such information. Additional security
requirements apply to electronic protected health information. These regulations also provide patients with substantive rights with respect
to their health information. 

The HIPAA privacy and security regulations and
the Part 2 Regulations also require our substance abuse treatment programs and facilities to impose compliance obligations by written
agreement on certain contractors to whom our programs disclose patient information known as business associates. Covered
entities may be subject to penalties as a result of a business associate violating HIPAA privacy and security regulations if the business
associate is found to be an agent of the covered entity. Business associates also are directly subject to liability under the HIPAA privacy
and security regulations. In instances where our programs act as a business associate to a covered entity, there is the potential for
additional liability beyond the program s covered entity status. 

Covered entities must report breaches of unsecured
protected health information to affected individuals without unreasonable delay but not to exceed 60 days of discovery of the breach
by a covered entity or its agents. Notification must also be made to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ),
and, in certain situations involving large breaches, to the media. HHS is required to publish on its website a list of all covered entities
that report a breach involving more than 500 individuals. All non-permitted uses or disclosures of unsecured protected health information
are presumed to be breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes that there is a low probability the information
has been compromised. Various state laws and regulations may also require us to notify affected individuals in the event of a data breach
involving individually identifiable information without regard to whether there is a low probability of the information being compromised. 

With HHS s 2020 updates to penalty amounts,
violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations may result in civil penalties of up to 59,522 per violation for a maximum civil
penalty of 1,785,651 in a calendar year for violations of the same requirement. These penalties will increase annually based on updates
to the consumer price index. HIPAA also provides for criminal penalties of up to 250,000 and ten years in prison, with the severest penalties
for obtaining or disclosing protected health information with the intent to sell, transfer, or use such information for commercial advantage,
personal gain, or malicious harm. In addition, state attorneys general may bring civil actions seeking either injunction or damages in
response to violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations that threaten the privacy of state residents. HHS is required to
impose penalties for violations resulting from willful neglect and to perform compliance audits. 

Our programs remain subject to any privacy-related
federal or state laws that are more restrictive than the HIPAA privacy and security regulations. These laws vary by state and could impose
additional requirements and penalties. For example, some states impose restrictions on the use and disclosure of health information pertaining
to mental health or substance abuse treatment. The Federal Trade Commission also uses its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement
actions in response to data breaches or other privacy or security lapses. 

We intend to enforce a health information privacy
and security compliance plan that we believe complies with the HIPAA privacy and security regulations and other applicable requirements.
We may be required to make operational changes to comply with revisions made to the Part 2 Regulations that generally became effective
on August 14, 2020. 

Mental Health Legislation and Reform Efforts 

The regulatory framework in which we operate is
constantly changing. For example, the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008 MHPAEA ), is a federal parity
law that requires large group health insurance plans that offer mental health and addiction coverage to provide that coverage on par with
financial requirements and treatment limitations of coverage offered for other illnesses. The scope of coverage offered by health plans
must comply with federal and state laws and must be consistent with generally recognized independent standards of current medical practice.
The MHPAEA also contains a cost exemption that operates to temporarily exempt a group health plan from the MHPAEA s requirements
if compliance with the MHPAEA becomes too costly. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

The 21 st Century Cures Act Cures
Act ), enacted in 2016, requires development of an action plan for enhanced enforcement of mental health parity requirements and
additional compliance guidance for health plans regarding coverage under parity laws. Among other initiatives aimed at improving care
for people with mental health and substance use disorders, the Cures Act includes provisions intended to increase the healthcare workforce
dedicated to such treatment and expand programs that divert people with mental health and substance use disorders toward alternatives
to incarceration. However, the impact of the Cures Act largely depends on its implementation by agencies such as HHS and on future appropriations
by Congress. 

Over the last decade, the U.S. Congress and certain
state legislatures have passed a large number of laws intended to result in extensive change to the healthcare industry. The Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively known as the Affordable
Care Act, is the most prominent of these legislative reform efforts. It resulted in reforms to the health insurance market and expansion
of public program coverage, among other changes. As currently structured, the law requires all non-grandfathered small group and individual
market health plans to cover ten essential health benefit categories, which currently include substance abuse addiction and mental health
disorder services. 

The Affordable Care Act poses both opportunities
and risks for us but, overall, the expansion of health insurance coverage under the law has been beneficial for the substance abuse treatment
industry. However, the overall and continued impact of the Affordable Care Act is difficult to determine, as the presidential administration
and certain members of Congress have stated their intent to repeal or make significant changes to the Affordable Care Act, its implementation
and its interpretation. For example, in October 2017, the president signed an executive order directing agencies to relax limits on certain
health plans, potentially allowing for fewer plans that adhere to specific Affordable Care Act coverage mandates. In 2018, a federal district
court in Texas ruled that the Affordable Care Act, in its entirety, is invalid. That decision has been stayed pending appeal, and will
likely remain unresolved until finally decided by the United States Supreme Court. Further, effective January 1, 2019, Congress eliminated
the financial penalty associated with the individual mandate that was established by the Affordable Care Act. 

Addiction Treatment Legislation 

In October 2018, Congress enacted the Substance
Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act (the SUPPORT Act ).
The SUPPORT Act contains a number of provisions aimed at identifying at-risk individuals, increasing access to opioid abuse treatment,
reducing overprescribing, funding treatment related research, and promoting data sharing with the primary goal of reducing the use and
abuse of opioids. Most of the funding made available for treatment through the SUPPORT Act will be limited to patients covered by federal
healthcare programs such as Medicaid. The SUPPORT Act also contains an addiction treatment-specific law known as the Eliminating
Kickbacks in Recovery Act. 

Health Planning and Certificates of Need 

The construction of new healthcare facilities,
the expansion, transfer, or change of ownership of existing facilities and the addition of new beds, services, or equipment may be subject
to state laws that require prior approval by state regulatory agencies under certificate of need CON or determination
of need DON laws. These laws generally require that a state agency determine the public need for construction or acquisition
of facilities or the addition of new services. Review of CON or DON applications and other healthcare planning initiatives may be lengthy
and may require public hearings. Violations of these state laws may result in the imposition of civil sanctions or revocation of a facility s
license. 

Other State Healthcare Laws 

Most states have a variety of laws that may potentially
impact our operations and business practices. For instance, many states in which our programs may operate prohibit corporations (and other
legal entities) from practicing medicine by employing physicians and certain non-physician practitioners. These prohibitions on the corporate
practice of medicine impact how our programs structure their relationships with physicians and other affected non-physician practitioners.
These arrangements, however, have typically not been vetted by either a court or the applicable regulatory body. 

Similarly, many states prohibit physicians from
sharing a portion of their professional fees with any other person or entity. These so-called fee-splitting prohibitions range from prohibiting
arrangements resembling a kickback to broadly prohibiting percentage-based compensation and other variable compensation arrangements with
physicians. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

If our arrangements with physicians are found
to violate a corporate practice of medicine prohibition or a state fee-splitting prohibition, our contractual arrangements with physicians
in such states could be adversely affected, which, in turn, may adversely affect both our operations and profitability. Further, we could
face sanctions for aiding and abetting the violation of the state s medical practice act. 

State governments have in recent years increased
regulation of addiction treatment providers. A number of states, such as Florida, have passed laws prohibiting patient brokering, which
broadly refers to the practice of paying or receiving kickbacks or other benefits in exchange for patient referrals. A number of these
statutes mirror federal healthcare Anti-Kickback Laws and, in some instances, the restrictions apply regardless of whether the payor source
is a governmental or commercial entity. Further, some state governments have passed statutes aimed at prohibiting deceptive online addiction
treatment marketing practices, such as the operation of websites and affiliated admission centers without disclosure to the caller about
existing financial arrangements to promote particular treatment centers. We expect that these kinds of regulations and restrictions to
increase. 

Local Land Use and Zoning 

Municipal and other local governments may also
regulate our treatment programs. Many of our facilities must comply with zoning and land use requirements in order to operate. For example,
local zoning authorities regulate not only the physical properties of a healthcare facility, such as its height and size, but also the
location and activities of the facility. In addition, community or political objections to the placement of treatment facilities can result
in delays in the land use permit process and may prevent the operation of facilities in certain areas. 

Risk Management and Insurance 

The healthcare industry in general continues to
experience an increase in the frequency and severity of litigation and claims. Like other providers of healthcare-related services, we
could be subject to claims that our services have resulted in injury to our patients or had other adverse effects. In addition, resident,
visitor and employee injuries could also subject us to the risk of litigation. While we believe that quality care is provided to our patients
and that we substantially comply with all applicable regulatory requirements, an adverse determination in a legal proceeding or government
investigation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Compliance Programs 

Compliance with government rules and regulations
is a significant concern throughout our industry, in part due to evolving interpretations of these rules and regulations. We seek to conduct
our business in compliance with all statutes and regulations applicable to our operations. Our executive management team is responsible
for the oversight and operation of our compliance program. We intent to provide periodic and comprehensive training programs to our personnel,
which are intended to promote the strict observance of our policies designed to ensure compliance with the statutes and regulations applicable
to us. 

Employees 

Our corporate activities are performed by our
officers and directors without compensation. None of our officers or directors have
employment agreements. We anticipate hiring approximately 4 full-time and 4 part-time employees at our Frankfort facility. In the near
term, we do not anticipate any of our employees being represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Our wholly owned subsidiary, VDH Kentucky,
Inc. has the following employees: 

1 Business development 

1 Office manager 

1 Director of Operations 

Going Concern 

Our financial statements are prepared
using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient
to cover our operating costs and to allow us to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on
our company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until we become profitable. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital,
we could be forced to significantly curtail or cease operations. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

In its report on our financial statements
for the year ended June 30, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We will need to raise additional funds
to finance continuing operations. However, there are no assurances that we will be successful in raising additional funds. Without sufficient
additional financing, it would be unlikely for us to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in this report and eventually secure other sources of financing and attain
profitable operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our revenue, profitability and cash flows could
be materially adversely affected if we are unable to operate certain key treatment facilities, our corporate office or our laboratory
facilities. 

We intend to derive a significant portion of our
revenue from our flagship treatment facilities located in Kentucky. It is likely that a small number of facilities will continue to contribute
a significant portion of our total revenue in any given year for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we have a centralized corporate
office that houses our accounting, billing and collections, information technology, and admissions center departments, centralized and
marketing offices. We also are building out a high complexity laboratory that will conduct quantitative drug testing and other laboratory
services. If any event occurs that results in a complete or partial shutdown of any of these facilities, our centralized corporate office,
our centralized marketing offices or laboratory, including, without limitation, any material changes in legislative, regulatory, economic,
environmental, or competitive conditions in these states or natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, or floods or
prolonged airline disruptions due to a natural disaster or for any reason, such event could lead to decreased revenue and/or higher operating
costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, profitability, and cash flows. 

Any disruption in our national sales and marketing
program, including our digital marketing resources, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

If any disruption occurs in our national sales
and marketing program for any reason, or if we are unable to effectively attract and enroll new patients to our network of facilities,
our ability to maintain census could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Internet search engines play an increasingly important
role in addiction treatment marketing. Google and other search engines use complex algorithms to rank websites. The algorithms take into
account many factors, including the domain name itself, website content and user-friendly factors such as the speed at which the website
pages may be clicked through and viewed. We cannot predict or control changes in algorithms and website rankings, which may result in
lower ranking search results for our websites. Additionally, Google and other online platforms have instituted review processes required
to advertise on their websites. Some of these processes are time-consuming, complex and continuously evolving. We cannot predict how these
private processes, rules and restrictions will evolve or be applied to individual advertising applicants. Unexpected changes in these
areas may result in a decrease in calls to our admissions center, a decrease in interactions with potential patients and a lowering of
our census, which could have and material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, our ability to grow or even to maintain
our existing level of business depends significantly on our ability to establish and maintain close working and referral relationships
with hospitals, other treatment facilities and clinicians, employers, alumni, employee assistance programs and other referral sources.
We have no binding commitments with any of these referral sources. We may not be able to maintain our existing referral relationships
or develop and maintain new relationships in existing or new markets. Negative changes to our existing referral relationships may cause
the number of people to whom we provide care to decrease, which could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

If reimbursement rates paid by third-party
payors are reduced, if we are unable to maintain favorable contract terms with payors or comply with our payor contract obligations, or
if third-party payors otherwise restrain our ability to obtain or provide services to patients, our business, financial condition and
results of operation could be adversely affected. This risk is heightened because we are generally an out-of-network provider. 

Managed care organizations and other third-party
payors pay for the services that we provide to many of our patients. We anticipate that approximately 90 or more of our revenue will
be reimbursable by third-party payors, including amounts paid by such payors to patients, with the remaining portion payable directly
by our patients. If any of these third-party payors reduce their reimbursement rates or elect not to cover some or all of our services,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition to limits on the amounts payors will
pay for the services we provide to their members or participants, controls imposed by third-party payors designed to reduce admissions
and the length of stay for patients, including pre-admission authorizations and utilization review, have affected and are expected to
affect our facilities. Utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by third-party payors.
Inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay, and occupancy rates are likely to be negatively affected by payor-required preadmission
authorization and utilization review and by payor pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less
acutely ill patients. 

We believe that, generally, health insurance companies
have become more stringent and aggressive with respect to addiction treatment providers, taking measures that are putting pressure on
reimbursement rates, length of stay, and timing of reimbursement throughout the industry. We expect that payor efforts to impose more
stringent cost controls will continue. Although we are unable to predict the effect these controls and changes could have on our operations,
significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. If the rates paid or the scope of substance use treatment services covered by
third-party commercial payors are reduced, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. 

Third-party payors often use plan structures,
such as narrow networks or tiered networks, to encourage or require patients to use in-network providers. In-network providers typically
provide services through third-party payors for a negotiated lower rate or other less favorable terms. Third-party payors generally attempt
to limit use of out-of-network providers by requiring patients to pay higher copayment and/or deductible amounts for out-of-network care.
Additionally, third-party payors have become increasingly aggressive in attempting to minimize the use of out-of-network providers by
disregarding the assignment of payment from patients to out-of-network providers (i.e., sending payments directly to patients instead
of to out-of-network providers), capping out-of-network benefits payable to patients, waiving out-of-pocket payment amounts, and initiating
litigation against out-of-network providers for interference with contractual relationships, insurance fraud, and violation of state licensing
and consumer protection laws. The majority of third-party payors consider certain of our facilities to be out-of-network 
providers. If third-party payors continue to impose and to increase restrictions on out-of-network providers, our revenue could be threatened,
forcing our facilities to participate with third-party payors and accept lower reimbursement rates compared to our historic reimbursement
rates. 

Third-party payors also are entering into sole
source contracts with some healthcare providers, which could effectively limit our pool of potential patients. Moreover, third-party payors
are beginning to carve out specific services, including substance abuse treatment and behavioral health services, and establish small,
specialized networks of providers for such services at fixed reimbursement rates. Continued growth in the use of carve-out arrangements
could materially adversely affect our business to the extent we are not selected to participate in such smaller specialized networks or
if the reimbursement rate is not adequate to cover the cost of providing the service. 

If reimbursement rates paid by federal or
state healthcare programs are reduced or if government payors otherwise restrain our ability to obtain or provide services to patients,
our business, financial condition, and results of operation could be adversely affected. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Managed care organizations and other third-party
payors, both government and commercial, pay for the services that we provide to many of our patients. We intend for a significant portion
of our revenues to come from government healthcare programs, principally Medicare and Medicaid. Payments from federal and state government
programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations, requirements for
utilization review, and federal and state funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease program payments, as
well as affect the cost of providing service to patients and the timing of payments to facilities. 

We are unable to predict the effect of recent
and future policy changes on our operations. In addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon federal and state governments
as a result of, among other things, deterioration in general economic conditions and the funding requirements from the federal healthcare
reform legislation, may affect the availability of taxpayer funds for Medicare and Medicaid programs. Changes in government healthcare
programs may reduce the reimbursement we receive and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

As federal healthcare expenditures continue to
increase, and state governments continue to face budgetary shortfalls, federal and state governments have made, and continue to make,
significant changes in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. These changes include reductions in reimbursement levels and to new or modified
demonstration projects authorized pursuant to Medicaid waivers. Some of these changes have decreased, or could decrease, the amount of
money we receive for our services relating to these programs. In some cases, private third-party payers rely on all or portions of Medicare
payment systems to determine payment rates. Changes to government health care programs that reduce payments under these programs may negatively
impact payments from private third-party payers. 

In addition to limits on the amount payors will
pay for the services we provide to their members, government and commercial payors attempt to control costs by imposing controls designed
to reduce admissions and the length of stay for patients, including preadmission authorizations and utilization review. The ability of
governmental payors to control healthcare costs using these measures may be enhanced by the increasing consolidation of insurance and
managed care companies and vertical integration of health insurers with healthcare providers. Although we are unable to predict the effect
these controls and changes could have on our operations, significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates
and fees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the rates paid or the
scope of substance use treatment services covered by government payors are reduced, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

If we overestimate the reimbursement amounts
that payors will pay us for out-of-network services performed, it would increase our revenue adjustments, which could have a material
adverse effect on our revenue, profitability, and cash flows and lead to significant shifts in our results of operations from quarter
to quarter that may make it difficult to project long-term performance. 

For out-of-network services, we recognize revenue
from payors at the time services are provided based on our estimate of the amount that payors will pay us for the services performed.
We estimate the net realizable value of revenue by adjusting gross patient charges using our expected realization and applying this discount
to gross patient charges. A significant or sustained decrease in our collection rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve historical collection rates in future reporting periods. 

Estimates of net realizable value are subject
to significant judgment and approximation by management. It is possible that actual results could differ from the historical estimates
management has used to help determine the net realizable value of revenue. If our actual collections either exceed or are less than the
net realizable value estimates, we will record a revenue adjustment, either positive or negative, for the difference between our estimate
of the receivable and the amount actually collected in the reporting period in which the collection occurred. A significant negative revenue
adjustment could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, profitability and cash flows in the reporting period in which such adjustment
is recorded. In addition, if we record a significant revenue adjustment, either positive or negative, in any given reporting period, it
may lead to significant changes in our results from operations from quarter to quarter, which may limit our ability to make accurate long-term
predictions about our future performance. 

Certain third-party payors are likely to
account for a significant portion of our revenue, and the reduction of reimbursement rates or coverage of services by any such payor could
have a material adverse effect on our revenue, profitability and cash flows. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

We intend that certain payors such as Medicaid
and Medicare will account for a significant portion of our revenue on an annual basis. If any of these or other third-party payors reduce
their reimbursement rates for the services we provide or otherwise implement measures, such as specialized networks, that reduce the payments
we receive, our revenue, profitability, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

A deterioration in the collectability of
the accounts receivable could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The collection of receivables from third-party
payors and patients will be critical to our operating performance. Our primary collection risks are: (i) the risk of overestimating our
net revenue at the time of billing, which may result in us receiving less than the recorded receivable; (ii) the risk of non-payment as
a result of commercial insurance companies denying claims; (iii) in certain states, the risk that patients will fail to remit insurance
payments to us when the commercial insurance company pays out-of-network claims directly to the patient; and (iv) resource and capacity
constraints that may prevent us from handling the volume of billing and collection issues in a timely manner. Additionally, our ability
to hire and retain experienced personnel may affect our ability to bill and collect accounts in a timely manner. 

We intend to routinely review accounts receivable
balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions that might ultimately affect the collectability of the patient
accounts and to adjust our allowances as warranted. Significant changes in business operations, payor mix or economic conditions, including
changes resulting from legislation or other health reform efforts (including to repeal or significantly change the Affordable Care Act),
could affect our collection of accounts receivable, cash flows, and results of operations. In addition, future patient concentration in
states that permit commercial insurance companies to pay out-of-network claims directly to the patient instead of the provider, such as
California and Nevada, could adversely affect our collection of receivables. Unexpected changes in reimbursement rates by third-party
payors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our business depends
on our information systems. Failure to effectively integrate, manage, and keep our information systems secure could disrupt our operations
and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business depends on effective and secure information
systems that assist us in, among other things, admitting patients to our facilities, monitoring census and utilization, processing and
collecting claims, reporting financial results, measuring outcomes and quality of care, managing regulatory compliance controls, and maintaining
operational efficiencies. These systems may include software developed in-house and systems provided by external contractors and other
service providers. To the extent that these external contractors or other service providers become insolvent or fail to support the software
or systems, our operations could be negatively affected. Our facilities also depend upon our information systems for electronic medical
records, accounting, billing, collections, risk management, payroll, and other information. If we experience a reduction in the performance,
reliability, or availability of our information systems, our operations and ability to process transactions and produce timely and accurate
reports could be adversely affected. 

Our information systems and applications require
continual maintenance, upgrading, and enhancement to meet our operational needs. We regularly upgrade and expand our information systems 
capabilities. If we experience difficulties with the transition and integration of information systems or are unable to implement, maintain,
or expand our systems properly or in a timely manner, we could suffer from, among other things, operational disruptions, regulatory problems,
working capital disruptions, and increases in administrative expenses. 

In addition, we could be subject to cybersecurity
risks such as a cyber-attack that bypasses our information technology security systems and other security incidents that result in security
breaches, including the theft, loss, destruction, or misappropriation of individually identifiable health information subject to HIPAA
and other privacy and security laws, proprietary business information, or other confidential or personal data. Such an incident could
disrupt our information technology systems, impede clinical operations, cause us to incur significant investigation and remediation expenses,
and subject us to litigation, government inquiries, penalties, and reputational damages. Information security and the continued development,
maintenance, and enhancement of our safeguards to protect our systems, data, software, and networks are a priority for us. As security
threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify and enhance our safeguards and investigate
and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Cyber-attacks may also impede our ability to exercise sufficient disclosure controls.
If we are subject to cyberattacks or security breaches, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
impacted. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Further, our information systems are vulnerable
to damage or interruption from fire, flood, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, and similar events. A
failure to implement our disaster recovery plans or ultimately restore our information systems after the occurrence of any of these events
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Because of the confidential health
information that we store and transmit, loss, theft or destruction of electronically-stored information for any reason could expose us
to a risk of regulatory action, litigation, liability to patients and other losses. 

Our acquisition strategy exposes us to a
variety of operational, integration, and financial risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

An element of our business strategy is to grow
by acquiring other companies and assets in the mental health and substance abuse treatment industry. We
evaluate potential acquisition opportunities consistent with the normal course of our business. Our ability to complete acquisitions is
subject to a number of risks and variables, including our ability to negotiate mutually agreeable terms with the counterparties, our ability
to finance the purchase price and our ability to obtain any licenses or other approvals required to operate the assets to be acquired.
We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions, which may impede our growth and negatively affect our
results of operations, and may also require a significant amount of management resources. In addition, rapid growth through acquisitions
exposes us to a variety of operational and financial risks. We summarize the most significant of these risks below. 

Integration Risks 

We must integrate our acquisitions with our existing
operations. This process involves various components of our business and the businesses we have acquired, including the following: 

physicians and employees who are not familiar with our operations; 

patients who may elect to switch to another substance abuse treatment provider; 

assignment or termination of material contracts, including commercial payor agreements; 

regulatory compliance programs and state and federal licensing requirements; and 

disparate operating, information and record keeping systems and technology platforms. 

The integration of acquisitions with our operations
could be expensive, require significant attention from management, may impose substantial demands on our operations or other projects,
and may impose challenges on the combined business including, without limitation, consistencies in business standards, procedures, policies,
business cultures, internal controls, and compliance. In addition, certain acquisitions require a capital outlay, and the return we achieve
on such invested capital may be less than the return that we could achieve on other projects or investments. 

Expected Benefits May Not Materialize 

When evaluating potential acquisition targets,
we identify potential synergies and cost savings that we expect to realize upon the successful completion of the acquisition and the integration
of the related operations. We may, however, be unable to achieve or may otherwise never realize the expected benefits. Our ability to
realize the expected benefits from potential cost savings and revenue improvement opportunities is subject to significant business, economic,
and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Such uncertainties may include changes to regulations impacting the
substance abuse treatment and behavioral healthcare industries, reductions in reimbursement rates from third-party payors, operating difficulties,
difficulties obtaining required licenses and permits, patient preferences, changes in competition, and general economic or industry conditions.
If we do not achieve our expected results, it may adversely impact our results of operations. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Assumptions of Unknown Liabilities 

Businesses that we acquire may have unknown or
contingent liabilities, including, without limitation, liabilities for failure to comply with healthcare laws and regulations. Although
we typically attempt to exclude significant liabilities from our acquisition transactions and seek indemnification from the sellers of
such facilities for at least a portion of these matters, we may experience difficulty enforcing those indemnification obligations, or
we may incur material liabilities in excess of any indemnification for the past activities of acquired facilities. Such liabilities and
related legal or other costs and/or resulting damage to a facility s reputation could negatively impact our business. 

Completing Acquisitions 

Suitable acquisitions may not be accomplished
due to unfavorable terms. Further, the cost of an acquisition could result in a dilutive effect on our results of operations, depending
on various factors, including the amount paid for an acquired facility, the acquired facility s results of operations, the fair
value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, effects of subsequent legislation, and limits on reimbursement rate increases. In addition,
we may have to pay cash, incur additional debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, which could adversely affect
our financial results, result in dilution to our existing stockholders, result in increased fixed obligations, or impede our ability to
manage our operations. 

Managing Growth 

Some of the facilities we may acquire in the future
either had or may have significantly lower operating margins than the facilities we operated prior to the time of our acquisition thereof
or had or may have operating losses prior to such acquisition. If we fail to improve the operating margins of the facilities we acquire,
operate such facilities profitably, or effectively integrate the operations of acquired facilities, our results of operations could be
negatively impacted. 

Liquidity risk could impair our ability
to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due, and our funding sources may be insufficient to fund our future operations
and growth. 

Liquidity is essential to our business. Liquidity
risk is the potential that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they come due because of an inability to obtain adequate funding.
An inability to obtain such funding, at competitive rates or at all, could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our access
to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that
affect us specifically or the healthcare industry or economy in general. 

Any substantial, unexpected and/or prolonged change
in the level or cost of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our future operations and growth, which
could have a material adverse effect on our assets, business, cash flow, condition (financial or otherwise), liquidity, prospects and
results of operations. 

The uncertainties associated with the factors
described above raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In order for us to continue operations beyond
the next twelve months and to be able to discharge our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business, we must do some or
all of the following: (i) increase the bed counts and other capacities at our facilities; (ii) increase gross revenues while improving
operating margins through cost savings initiatives; and (iii) obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to achieve any or all of the foregoing objectives. 

We will need additional financing to execute
our long-term business plan and fund operations, at which time additional financing may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 

To fund our acquisition development and operational
strategies, we may consider raising additional funds through various financing sources, including the sale of our common or preferred
stock and the procurement of commercial debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that such funds will be available on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to expand or continue our business
as desired and operating results may be adversely affected. Any debt financing will increase expenses and must be repaid regardless of
operating results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility. If we issue equity securities to raise additional funds,
the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced, and our stockholders may experience additional dilution in net
book value per share. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Our ability to obtain needed financing may be
impaired by such factors as the capital markets, both generally and specifically in our industry, which could impact the availability
or cost of future financings. Any deterioration of credit and capital markets may adversely affect our access to sources of funding, and
we cannot be certain that we will have access to adequate capital to fund our acquisition and development strategies when needed. In addition,
substantial sales of our common stock by existing stockholders could adversely affect our stock price and limit our ability to raise capital.
If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenue from operations, is not sufficient
to satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to decrease the pace of, or eliminate, our acquisition strategy and potentially reduce
or even cease operations. 

Our business may face significant risks
with respect to future de novo expansion, including the time and costs of identifying new geographic markets, the ability to obtain necessary
licensure and other zoning or regulatory approvals and significant start-up costs including advertising, marketing, and the costs of providing
equipment, furnishings, supplies, and other capital resources. 

As part of our growth strategy, we intend to develop
new substance abuse treatment facilities in existing and new markets, either by building a new facility or by acquiring an existing facility
with an alternative use and repurposing it as a substance abuse treatment facility. Such de novo expansion involves significant
risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 

the time and costs associated with identifying locations in suitable geographic markets, which may divert
management attention from existing operations; 

the possibility of changes to comprehensive zoning plans or zoning regulations that imposes additional
restrictions on use or requirements, which could impact our expansion into otherwise suitable geographic markets; 

the need for significant advertising and marketing expenditures to attract patients; 

our ability to provide each de novo facility with the appropriate equipment, furnishings, materials,
supplies, and other capital resources; 

our ability to obtain licensure and accreditation, establish relationships with healthcare providers in
the community, and delays or difficulty in installing our operating and information systems; 

the costs of evaluating new markets, hiring experienced local physicians, management, and staff, and opening
new facilities, and the time lags between these activities and the generation of sufficient revenue to support the costs of the expansion;
and 

our ability to finance de novo expansion and possible dilution to our existing stockholders if
our common stock is used as consideration. 

As a result of these and other risks, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to develop de novo treatment facilities or that a de novo treatment facility will become
profitable. De novo expansion could expose us to liabilities or loss. 

Our ability to maintain census is dependent
on a number of factors outside of our control, and if we are unable to maintain census (i.e., our daily patient occupancy), our business,
results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Our revenue is directly impacted by our ability
to maintain census (i.e., the daily patient occupancy of our facilities by bed count). Our ability to maintain census is dependent on
a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including our referral relationships, average length of stay of our patients,
the extent to which third-party payors require preadmission authorization or utilization review controls, competition in the industry,
and the decisions of our patients to seek and commit to treatment. 

A significant decrease in census could materially
adversely affect our revenue, profitability, and cash flows due to fewer or lower reimbursements received and the additional resources
required to collect accounts receivable and maintain our existing level of business. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Given the patient-driven nature of the substance
abuse treatment sector, our business is dependent on patients seeking and committing to treatment. Although increased awareness and de-stigmatization
of substance abuse treatment in recent years has resulted in more people seeking treatment, the decision of each patient to seek treatment
is ultimately discretionary. In addition, even after the initial decision to seek treatment, our patients may decide at any time to discontinue
treatment and leave our facilities against the advice of our physicians and other treatment professionals. For this reason, among others,
average length of stay can vary among periods without correlating to the overall operating performance of our business. If patients or
potential patients decide not to seek treatment or discontinue treatment early, census could decrease and, as a result, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry
where competition may lead to declines in patient volumes and an increase in labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The substance abuse treatment industry is highly
competitive, and competition among substance abuse treatment providers (including behavioral healthcare facilities) for patients has intensified
in recent years. In 2018, there were approximately 4,200 substance abuse treatment businesses in the United States. There are behavioral
healthcare facilities that provide substance abuse and other mental health treatment services comparable to at least some of the services
offered by our facilities in each of the geographical areas in which we intend to operate. Some of our competitors are owned by tax-supported
governmental agencies or by nonprofit corporations and may have certain financial advantages not available to us, including endowments,
charitable contributions, tax-exempt financing, and exemptions from sales, property, and income taxes. In some markets, certain of our
competitors may have greater financial resources, be better equipped, and offer a broader range of services than we do. Some of our competitors
are local, independent operators or physician groups with strong established reputations within the surrounding communities, which may
adversely affect our ability to attract new patients in markets where we compete with such providers. If our competitors are better able
to attract patients, expand services, or obtain favorable participation agreements with third-party payors, we may experience a decline
in patient volume, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operations depend on the efforts, abilities,
and experience of our management team, physicians, and medical support personnel, including our nurses, mental health technicians, therapists,
addiction counselors, pharmacists, and clinical technicians. We compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified
management, mental health technicians, therapists, nurses, counselors, and other support personnel responsible for the daily operations
of our facilities. The nationwide shortage of nurses and other medical support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing
our industry in recent years. This shortage may require us to enhance our wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical
support personnel or require us to hire expensive temporary personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we
may be unable to provide our services, the quality of our services may decline, and we could experience a decline in patient volume, all
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Increased labor union activity is another factor
that could adversely affect our labor costs. We do not currently employ a unionized labor force. In the event of the independent organization
or unionization of our employees, we may become subject to the risk of labor disputes, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns, and other labor-relations
matters. Although we are not aware of any union organizing activity at any of our other facilities, we are unable to predict whether any
such activity will take place in the future. 

We depend heavily on key executives and
other key management personnel, and the departure of one or more of our key executives or other key management personnel could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

The expertise and efforts of our key executives,
including our Chief Executive Officer, Mark Conte, and Patrick Ogle our Chief Operating Officer other management personnel are critical
to the success of our business. We currently do not have employment agreements or non-compete covenants with any of our key executives.
The loss of the services of one or more of our key executives could significantly undermine our management expertise and our ability to
provide efficient, quality healthcare services at our facilities. Furthermore, if one or more of our key executives were to terminate
employment with us and engage in a competing business, we would be subject to increased competition, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Failure to adequately protect our trademarks
and any other proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 We intend to develop portfolio that we consider
to be of significant importance to our business, and we may acquire additional trademarks or other proprietary rights in acquisitions
that we pursue as part of our growth strategy. If the actions we take to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights
are not adequate to prevent imitation of our services by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our services as an
alleged violation of their trademarks and proprietary rights, it may be necessary for us to initiate or enter into litigation in the future
to enforce our trademark rights or to defend ourselves against claimed infringement of the rights of others. The cost of any such legal
proceedings could be expensive, and such legal proceedings could result in an adverse determination that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Regulatory Matters 

If we fail to comply with the extensive
laws and government regulations impacting our industry, we could suffer penalties, be the subject of federal and state investigations,
or be required to make significant changes to our operations, which may reduce our revenue, increase our costs, and have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Healthcare service providers are required to comply
with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state, and local government levels relating to, among other things: 

licensure, certification and accreditation of substance use treatment services; 

licensure, Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA) certification and accreditation of
laboratory services; 

handling, administration and distribution of controlled substances; 

necessity and adequacy of care and quality of services; 

licensure, certification and qualifications of professional and support personnel; 

referrals of patients and permissible relationships with physicians and other referral sources; 

claim submission and collections, including penalties for the submission of, or causing the submission
of, false, fraudulent or misleading claims and the failure to repay overpayments in a timely manner; 

extensive conditions of participation for Medicare and Medicaid programs 

consumer protection issues and billing and collection of patient-owed accounts issues; 

communications with patients and consumers, including laws intended to prevent misleading marketing practices; 

privacy and security of health-related information, patient personal information and medical records; 

physical plant planning, construction of new facilities and expansion of existing facilities; 

activities regarding competitors; 

U.S. Federal Drug Administration (FDA) laws and regulations related to drugs and medical devices; 

operational, personnel and quality requirements intended to ensure that clinical testing services are
accurate, reliable and timely; 

health and safety of employees; 

handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens and infectious and hazardous waste; 

corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting, self-referral and kickback prohibitions, including recent
state and federal laws intended to eliminate bribes and kickbacks; and 

the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, which became law on October 24, 2018. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

A CLIA certificate demonstrates that a testing
laboratory meets the federal regulations for clinical diagnostic testing, ensuring quality and safety in the laboratory and laboratory
results. The Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 are administered by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS). 

The United States has recently enacted the Eliminating
Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018 (EKRA) to create a new federal crime for knowingly and willfully: (1) soliciting or receiving any remuneration
in return for referring a patient to a recovery home, clinical treatment facility, or laboratory; or (2) paying or offering any remuneration
to induce such a referral or in exchange for an individual using the services of a recovery home, clinical treatment facility, or laboratory.
Certain states, including Florida, have enacted similar laws, or will likely enact similar laws in the future. 

As a provider of addiction treatment services,
we are subject to governmental investigations and potential claims and lawsuits by patients, employees, and others, which may increase
our costs, cause reputational issues, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and reputation. 

Given the addiction and mental health issues of
patients and the nature of the services provided, the substance abuse treatment industry is heavily regulated by governmental agencies
and involves significant risk of liability. We and others in our industry are exposed to the risk of governmental investigations, regulatory
actions, and whistleblower lawsuits or other claims against us and our physicians and other professionals arising out of our day to day
business operations, including, without limitation, patient treatment at our facilities and relationships with healthcare providers that
may refer patients to us. Addressing any investigation, lawsuit, or other claim may distract management and divert resources, even if
we ultimately prevail. Regardless of the outcome of any such investigation, lawsuit, or claim, the publicity and potential risks associated
with the investigation, lawsuit, or claim could harm our reputation or the reputation of our management and negatively impact the perception
of the Company by patients, investors, or others and could have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations. Fines, restrictions, penalties, and damages imposed as a result of an investigation or a successful lawsuit or claim that
is not covered by, or is in excess of, our insurance coverage may increase our costs and reduce our profitability. Our insurance premiums
may increase year over year, and insurance coverage may not be available at a reasonable cost in the future, especially given the significant
increase in insurance premiums generally experienced in the healthcare industry. 

We also are subject to an inherent risk of potential
medical malpractice lawsuits and other potential claims or legal actions in the ordinary course of business. From time to time, we may
be subject to claims alleging that we did not properly treat or care for a patient, that we failed to follow internal or external procedures
that resulted in death or harm to a patient, or that our employees mistreated our patients, resulting in death or harm. Any deficiencies
in the quality of care provided by our employees could expose us to governmental investigations and lawsuits from our patients. Some of
these actions may involve large claims as well as significant defense costs. We cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits or the effect
that findings in such lawsuits may have on us. In an effort to resolve one or more of these matters, we may decide to negotiate a settlement,
and amounts we pay to settle any of these matters may be material. All professional and general liability insurance we purchase is subject
to policy limitations. We believe that, based on our past experience, our insurance coverage is adequate considering the claims arising
from the operation of our facilities. While we continuously monitor our coverage, our ultimate liability for professional and general
liability claims could change materially from our current estimates. If such policy limitations should be partially or fully exhausted
in the future or if payments of claims exceed our estimates or are not covered by our insurance, they could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We intend to care for a large number of patients
with complex medical conditions, special needs, or who require a substantial level of care and supervision. There is an inherent risk
that our patients could be harmed while in treatment, whether through negligence, by accident, or otherwise. Further, patients might engage
in behavior that results in harm to themselves, our employees, or to one or more other individuals. Patient safety incidents may result
in regulatory enforcement actions, negative press about us, or the addiction treatment industry generally, as well as in lawsuits filed
by plaintiff s lawyers against us. These developments could diminish public perception of the quality of our services, which in
turn could lead to a loss of patient placements and referrals, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. 

Failure to comply with these laws and regulations
could result in the imposition of significant civil or criminal penalties, loss of licenses or certifications, or require us to change
our operations, or in the ultimate exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal and
state healthcare programs, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Both federal and state government agencies, as well as commercial payors, have heightened and coordinated civil and criminal enforcement
efforts as part of numerous ongoing investigations of healthcare organizations. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

We endeavor to comply with all applicable legal
and regulatory requirements; however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to adhere to all of the complex government regulations
that apply to our business. We seek to structure all of our relationships with referral sources and patients to comply with applicable
anti-kickback laws, physician self-referral laws, fee-splitting laws, and state corporate practice of medicine prohibitions. We monitor
these laws and their implementing regulations and implement changes as necessary. However, the laws and regulations in these areas are
complex and often subject to varying interpretations. For example, if an enforcement agency were to challenge the compensation paid under
our contracts with professional physician groups, we could be required to change our practices, face criminal or civil penalties, pay
substantial fines, or otherwise experience a material adverse effect as a result. 

We may be required to spend substantial
amounts to comply with legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to privacy and security of patient health information. 

There currently are numerous legislative and regulatory
initiatives at the federal and state levels addressing patient privacy and security concerns. For example, the regulations contained in
42 CFR Part 2 (the Part 2 Regulations serve to protect patient records created by federally assisted programs for the treatment
of substance use disorders (SUD) and are administered by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) branch
of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). Specifically, the Part 2 Regulations restrict the disclosure, and regulate
the security, of our patient s identifiable information related to substance abuse. These requirements apply to any of our facilities
that receive federal assistance, which is interpreted broadly to include facilities licensed, certified or registered by a federal agency. 

In addition, the federal privacy and security
regulations issued under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) require our facilities to comply with
extensive requirements on the use and disclosure of protected health information and to implement and maintain administrative, physical,
and technical safeguards to protect the security of such information. Additional security requirements apply to electronic protected health
information. These regulations also provide patients with substantive rights with respect to their health information and impose substantial
administrative obligations on our facilities, including the requirement to enter into written agreements with contractors, known as business
associates, to whom our programs disclose protected health information. We may be subject to penalties as a result of a business associate
violating HIPAA, if the business associate is found to be our agent. Covered entities must notify individuals, HHS and, in some cases,
the media of breaches involving unsecured protected health information. HHS and state attorneys general are authorized to enforce these
regulations. Violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations may result in significant civil and criminal penalties, and data
breaches and other HIPAA violations may give rise to class action lawsuits by affected patients under state law. 

Our programs remain subject to any privacy-related
federal or state laws that are more restrictive than the HIPAA privacy and security regulations. These laws vary by state and may impose
additional requirements and penalties. For example, some states impose strict restrictions on the use and disclosure of health information
pertaining to mental health or substance abuse. Further, most states have enacted laws and regulations that require us to notify affected
individuals in the event of a data breach involving individually identifiable information. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission may
use its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions in response to data breaches or other privacy or security lapses. 

As public attention is drawn to issues related
to the privacy and security of medical and other personal information, federal and state authorities may increase enforcement efforts
and seek to impose harsher penalties, as well as revise and expand laws or enact new laws concerning these topics. Compliance with current
as well as any newly established provisions or interpretations of existing requirements will require us to expend significant resources.
Increased focus on privacy and security issues by enforcement authorities may increase the overall risk that our substance abuse treatment
facilities may be found lacking under federal and state privacy and security laws and regulations. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Our treatment facilities operate in an environment
of increasing state and federal enforcement activity and private litigation targeted at healthcare providers. 

Both federal and state government agencies have
heightened and coordinated their civil and criminal enforcement efforts as part of numerous ongoing investigations of healthcare companies
and various segments of the healthcare industry. These investigations relate to a wide variety of topics, including relationships with
physicians, billing practices and use of controlled substances. The Affordable Care Act included an additional 350 million of federal
funding over ten years to fight healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse. The HHS Office of Inspector General and the Department of Justice
have established national enforcement initiatives that focus on specific billing practices or other suspected areas of abuse. Some of
our facilities participate in Medicare or Medicaid and, therefore, could be subject to government investigation. 

Even if a facility does not currently bill Medicare
or Medicaid for substance use treatment services, there is a risk that specific investigative initiatives or new laws such as EKRA could
result in investigations or enforcement actions that include or affect our treatment services, laboratory service providers, or marketing
operations. In addition, increased government enforcement activities, even if not directed towards our treatment facilities or laboratories,
also increase the risk that our facilities, physicians, and other clinicians furnishing services in our facilities, or our executives
and directors, could be named as defendants in private litigation such as state or federal false claims act cases or consumer protection
cases, or could become the subject of complaints at the various state and federal agencies that have jurisdiction over our operations. 

Any governmental investigations, private litigation,
or other legal proceedings involving any of our facilities, laboratories, executives, or directors, even if we ultimately prevail, could
result in significant expense, adversely affect our reputation or profitability and materially adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operation. In addition, we may be required to make changes in our laboratory, substance use treatment services or marketing
or other operational practices as a result of an adverse determination in any governmental enforcement action, private litigation or other
legal proceeding, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Changes to federal, state, and local regulations,
as well as different or new interpretations of existing regulations, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. 

Because our treatment programs and operations
are regulated at federal, state, and local levels, we could be affected by regulatory changes in different regional markets. Increases
in the costs of regulatory compliance and the risks of noncompliance may increase our operating costs, and we may not be able to recover
these increased costs, which may adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 

Many of the current laws and regulations are relatively
new, including the EKRA and recent state laws intended to prohibit deceptive marketing practices in the addiction treatment industry.
Thus, we do not always have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation of these laws and regulations. Evolving interpretations
or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or
could require us to make changes in our treatment facilities, equipment, personnel, services or capital expenditure programs. A determination
that we have violated these laws or a public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of these laws could adversely
affect our business, operating results, and overall reputation in the marketplace. 

In addition, federal, state, and local regulations
may be enacted that impose additional requirements on our facilities. Adoption of legislation or the creation of new regulations affecting
our facilities could increase our operating costs, restrain our growth or limit us from taking advantage of opportunities presented and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse changes in existing comprehensive
zoning plans or zoning regulations that impose additional restrictions on the use of, or requirements applicable to, our facilities may
affect our ability to operate our existing facilities or acquire new facilities, which may adversely affect our results of operations
and profitability. 

We are subject to uncertainties regarding
the direction and impact of healthcare reform efforts, particularly efforts to repeal or significantly modify the Affordable Care Act. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

The healthcare industry is subject to changing
political, regulatory, scientific and technological changes, which have resulted and may continue to result in initiatives intended to
reform the industry. The most prominent of recent efforts, the Affordable Care Act, as currently structured, provides for increased access
to coverage for healthcare and seeks to reduce healthcare-related expenses. Among other mandates, it requires all new small group and
individual market health plans to cover ten essential health benefit categories, which currently include substance abuse addiction and
mental health disorder services. However, efforts by the executive branch and some members of Congress to repeal or make fundamental changes
to the Affordable Care Act, its implementation and/or its interpretation have cast significant uncertainty on the future of the law. For
example, in 2017, Congress eliminated the penalties associated with the individual mandate, effective January 2019, which may affect rates
of insurance coverage. 

We are unable to predict the full impact of the
Affordable Care Act and related regulations or the impact of its repeal or modification on our operations in light of the uncertainty
regarding whether or how the law will be changed, what alternative reforms, if any, may be enacted or what other actions may be taken.
Any government efforts related to health reform may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, capital
resources and liquidity. Moreover, the general uncertainty of health reform efforts, particularly if Congress elects to repeal provisions
of the Affordable Care Act but delays the implementation of repeal or fails to enact replacement provisions at the time of repeal, may
negatively impact our payment sources or demand for our services. 

The expansion of health insurance coverage under
the Affordable Care Act has been beneficial to the substance abuse treatment industry. This is due, in part, to higher demand for treatment
services, which resulted from the requirement that small group and individual market plans comply with the requirements of the Mental
Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008, which previously applied only to group health plans and group insurers. The 21 st Century
Cures Act requires development of an action plan for enhanced enforcement of mental health parity requirements and additional
guidance for health plans regarding compliance with parity laws. Increased demand for treatment services may bring new competitors to
the market, some of which may be better capitalized and have greater market penetration than we do. In addition, we expect increased demand
for substance use treatment services to increase the demand for case managers, therapists, medical technicians and others with clinical
expertise in substance abuse treatment, which may make it more difficult to adequately staff our substance abuse treatment facilities
and could significantly increase our costs in delivering treatment, which may adversely affect both our operations and profitability. 

One of the many impacts of the Affordable Care
Act and subsequent legislation has been a dramatic increase in payment reform efforts by federal and state government payors as well as
commercial payors. These efforts take many forms, including the growth of accountable care organizations, pay-for-performance bonus arrangements,
partial capitation arrangements and the bundling of services into a single payment. One result of these efforts is that more risk of the
overall cost of care is being transferred to providers. As institutional providers and their affiliated physicians assume more risk for
the cost of care, we expect more services to be furnished within provider networks that are formed for these types of payment arrangements.
Our ability to compete and to retain our traditional sources of patients may be adversely affected by our exclusion from such networks
or our inability to be included in such networks. 

Change of ownership or change of control
requirements imposed by state and federal licensure and certification agencies as well as third-party payors may limit our ability to
timely realize opportunities, adversely affect our licenses and certifications, interrupt our cash flows, and adversely affect our profitability. 

State licensure laws and many federal healthcare
programs (where applicable) impose a number of obligations on healthcare providers undergoing a change of ownership or change of control
transaction. These requirements may require new license applications as well as notices given a fixed number of days prior to the closing
of affected transactions. These provisions require us to be proactive when considering both internal restructuring and acquisitions of
other treatment companies. Failure to provide such notices or to submit required paperwork can adversely affect licensure on a going forward
basis, can subject the parties to penalties and can adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities. 

Many third-party payor agreements, including government
payor programs, also have change of ownership or change of control provisions. Such provisions generally include a prior notice provision
as well as require the consent of the payor in order to continue the terms of the payor agreement. Abiding by the terms of such provisions
may reopen pricing negotiations with third-party payors where the provider currently has favorable reimbursement terms as compared to
the market. Failure to comply with the terms of such provisions can result in a breach of the underlying third-party payor agreement.
As substance abuse treatment coverage and payment reform initiatives continue to expand, these types of provisions could have a significant
impact on our ability to realize opportunities and could adversely affect our cash flows and profitability. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

State efforts to regulate the construction
or expansion of healthcare facilities could impair our ability to operate and expand our facilities. 

The construction of new healthcare facilities,
the expansion, transfer, or change of ownership of existing facilities and the addition of new beds, services, or equipment may be subject
to state laws that require a determination of public need and prior approval by state regulatory agencies under CON laws or other healthcare
planning initiatives. The National Health Planning and Resources Development Act of 1974 requires the withholding of federal funds from
states that fail to adopt certificate-of-need (CON) laws regulating healthcare facilities. 

CON laws require healthcare providers wishing
to open or expand a healthcare facility to first prove to a regulatory body that the community needs the planned services. Review of CONs
and similar proposals may be lengthy and may require public hearings. States in which we now or may in the future operate may require
CONs under certain circumstances not currently applicable to us or may impose standards and other health planning requirements upon us.
Violation of these state laws and our failure to obtain any necessary state approval could: 

result in our inability to acquire a targeted facility, complete a desired expansion or make a desired
replacement; or 

result in the revocation of a facility s license or imposition of civil or criminal penalties on
us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to obtain required regulatory,
zoning, or other required approvals for renovations and expansions, our growth may be restrained, and our operating results may be adversely
affected. In the past, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from such requirements, but we cannot predict their future
impact on our operations 

We could face risks associated with, or
arising out of, environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. 

We are subject to various federal, state, and
local laws and regulations that: 

regulate certain activities and operations that may have environmental or health and safety effects, such
as the generation, handling and disposal of medical and pharmaceutical wastes; 

impose liability for costs of cleaning up, and damages to natural resources from, past spills, waste disposals
on and off-site and other releases of hazardous materials or regulated substances; and 

regulate workplace safety. 

Compliance with these laws and regulations could
increase our costs of operation. Violation of these laws may subject us to significant fines, penalties, or disposal costs, which could
negatively impact our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We could be responsible for the investigation and remediation
of environmental conditions at currently or formerly operated or leased sites, as well as for associated liabilities, including liabilities
for natural resource damages, third-party property damage, or personal injury resulting from lawsuits that could be brought by the government
or private litigants relating to our operations, the operations of our facilities, or the land on which our facilities are located. 

Liability for contamination under certain environmental
laws can be imposed on current or past owners or operators of a site without regard to fault. Therefore, we may be subject to these liabilities
regardless of whether we lease or own the facility or such environmental conditions were created by us, a prior owner or tenant, a third-party,
or a neighboring facility whose operations may have affected such facility or land. We cannot assure you that environmental conditions
relating to our prior, existing, or future sites or those of predecessor companies whose liabilities we may have assumed or acquired will
not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Changes in tax laws or their interpretations,
or becoming subject to additional U.S., state or local taxes, could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

We are subject to tax liabilities, including federal
and state taxes such as excise, sales/use, payroll, franchise, withholding, and ad valorem taxes. Changes in tax laws or their interpretations
could decrease the amount of revenues we receive, the value of any tax loss carryforwards and tax credits recorded on our balance sheet
and the amount of our cash flow, and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some
of our tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authority which could increase our tax liabilities. If
we are required to pay additional taxes, our costs would increase. 

COVID-19 RELATED RISKS 

The coronavirus may negatively impact our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including
the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public
Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared
a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020
the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . The significant outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted
in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and could adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic,
pandemic, or other health crisis on our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of such epidemic, pandemic
or other health crisis and actions taken to contain or prevent their further spread, among others. These and other potential
impacts of an epidemic, pandemic, or other health crisis, such as COVID-19, could therefore materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

The effect of the COVID-19 may adversely
affect occupancy at our rehabilitation facility. 

The coronavirus may materially impact occupancy
rates at our facility and the availability of our rehabilitation services, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread
health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets in which operate and could significant increase the risk
factors described above and herein. 

Risk Related to Our Stock 

Because we can issue additional shares of
common stock, our stockholders may experience dilution in the future . 

We are authorized to issue up to 200,000,000 shares
of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock of which 194,750,907 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding. No shares
of preferred stock have been issued. Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common stock and
preferred stock, and to determine the rights, preferences, and privileges of shares of our preferred stock, without consent of our stockholders.
Consequently, the stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our stock in the future. 

Trading on the OTC Pink Sheets stock market
may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell
their shares. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets
stock market operated by the OTC Markets Group with the trading symbol UPDC . Trading in stock quoted on OTC Pink Sheets
is often characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business
prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover,
trading of securities on OTC Pink Sheets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a stock exchange like the NASDAQ
or the NYSE. Accordingly, stockholders may have difficulty reselling any of our shares. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Our shares of common stock may be very thinly
traded, or not at all, the price may not reflect our values and there can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our
shares of common stock either now or in the futures . 

Shares of our common stock may be very thinly
traded in the future, and the price, if traded, may not reflect our value. There can be no assurance that there will be an active
market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. The market liquidity will be dependent on the perception of our
operating business and any steps that our management might take to bring us to the awareness of investors. There can be no assurance
given that there will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate
it at a price that reflects the value of the business. If a more active market should develop, the price may be highly volatile.
 Because there may be a low price for our shares of common stock, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions
in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to affect a transaction in the shares of our common stock, the combination
of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many
lending institutions will not permit the use of such shares of common stock as collateral for any loans. 

Sales of our currently issued and outstanding
stock may become freely tradeable pursuant to Rule 144 and may dilute the market for your shares and have a depressive effect on the price
of the shares of our common stock. 

Certain of our issued and outstanding shares of
common stock are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. As restricted shares, these
shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions
from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence
that an affiliated person, such as our management, who have held our restricted securities for a period of
at least one year from the date of this Form 8-K filing, may, under certain conditions, sell every three months in brokerage transactions,
a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1 of a company s outstanding shares of common stock. There is
no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate after the restricted securities have been held by
the owner for a period of one year from the date of this Form 8-K filing. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from
the Securities Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect
upon the price of our shares of common stock in any active market that may develop. 

The market for penny stocks has experienced
numerous frauds and abuses which could adversely impact investors in our stock. 

We believe that the market for penny stocks has
suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter
or issuer; 

Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press
releases; 

Boiler room practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections
by inexperienced salespersons; 

Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated
to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 

We believe that many of these abuses have occurred
with respect to the promotion of low-priced stock companies that lacked experienced management, adequate financial resources, an adequate
business plan and/or marketable and successful business or product. 

A decline in the price of our common stock
could affect our ability to raise further working capital and adversely impact our ability to continue operations, and we may go out of
business. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

A prolonged decline in the price of our common
stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. Because we plan
to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct our planned operations through the sale of equity securities,
a decline in the price of our common stock could be detrimental to our liquidity and our operations because the decline may cause investors
not to choose to invest in our stock. If we are unable to raise the funds we require for all our planned operations, we may be forced
to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may suffer a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations, including
our ability to develop new products and continue our current operations. As a result, our business may suffer, and not be successful and
we may go out of business. We also might not be able to meet our financial obligations if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale
of our equity securities and we may be forced to go out of business. 

Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of our
stock may be restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations, which may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our
stock. 

Our stock is a penny stock. The Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny stock to be any equity security
that has a market price (as defined in Rule 15g-9) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors . The term accredited investor 
refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual
income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC,
which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must
provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The
bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing
prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition,
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer must
make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the
secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability
of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability
of our common stock. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may also
limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules
promulgated by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending
an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer.
Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock. 

We do not intend to pay any cash dividends
on our shares of common stock in the near future, and our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they
sell them. 

We intend to retain any future earnings to finance
the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future.
The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will depend
upon, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other
factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid,
there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive
a return on their shares unless they sell them. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

We may incur significant costs to ensure
compliance with United States corporate governance and accounting requirements. 

We may incur significant costs associated with
our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect all of these applicable
rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming
and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain
director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals
to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect
to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 

We may not be able to meet the accelerated
filing and internal control reporting requirements imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission resulting in a possible decline in
the price of our common stock and our inability to obtain future financing. 

As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules requiring each public company to include a report of management on the company s
internal controls over financial reporting in its annual reports. In addition, the independent registered public accounting firm
auditing a company s financial statements must also attest to and report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of
the company s internal controls over financial reporting as well as the operating effectiveness of the company s internal
controls. 

While we expect to expend significant resources
in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, there is a risk that
we may not be able to comply timely with all of the requirements imposed by this rule. In the event that we are unable to receive
a positive attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm with respect to our internal controls, investors and others
may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and our stock price and ability to obtain equity or debt financing
as needed could suffer. 

In addition, in the event that our independent
registered public accounting firm is unable to rely on our internal controls in connection with its audit of our financial statements,
and in the further event that it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order to satisfy itself as to the material accuracy of
our financial statements and related disclosures, it is possible that we would be unable to file our Annual Report on Form 10-K with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, which could also adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to secure additional
financing as needed. 

Our articles of incorporation provide for
indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability which may result in a major cost to us and hurt the
interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors. 

Our articles of incorporation and applicable Nevada
law provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against attorney s
fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities
on our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of our directors, officers, employees, or agents, upon such person s
written promise to repay us if it is ultimately determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This
indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us which we will be unable to recoup. 

We have been advised that, in the opinion of the
SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
of 1933 (the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities
arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling
person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection
with the securities being registered, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent)
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur
is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially
reduce the market and price for our shares, if such a market ever develop. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Our board of directors has the authority,
without stockholder approval, to issue shares of blank check preferred stock with terms that may not be viewed as beneficial
to common stockholders, and which may adversely affect common stockholders. 

Our articles of incorporation allow us to issue
shares of preferred stock without any vote by our stockholders. Our Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative
rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder
approval. As a result, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred
right to vote on decisions submitted for a vote of the stockholders, to a priority on distribution of our assets upon liquidation, the
right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of
the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock, and similar rights and priorities over our common stock. 

Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2 Properties 

Our principal executive office is located at 75
Pringle Way, 8th Floor, Suite 804, Reno, Nevada 89502. The office premises are contributed free of charge by Mark W. Conte, our President
and Chief Executive Officer. We believe that the offices are adequate to meet our current operational requirements. We do not own any
real property. 

 On November 18, 2020, VBH Frankfort as the tenant
entered into a commercial lease (the Frankfort Lease with Kell Properties, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company, for
the lease of 4,015 square feet of office space in Units B, C, and D of 915 Leawood Dr, Frankfort, Kentucky (i.e., the Frankfort Facility).
The term of the Frankfort Lease is twenty-four months with no explicit extension options. The base monthly payment of the term of the
Frankfort Lease is 2,365. The Frankfort Lease commenced on February 1, 2021, and was assigned to VBH Kentucky, effective as of April
1, 2021. 

In August 2021, Vital Behavioral Health, Inc.
leased a facility in Fayetteville, Georgia with an initial base rent of 13,617 per month for an initial term of 18 months with a 5-year
extension option. The facility is intended be used for in-patient services upon the receipt of regulatory approval. 

Item 3 Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

 Part II 

Item 5 - Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

As a smaller reporting company (as
defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this item. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We are a smaller reporting company 
as defined by Regulation S-K and as such, are not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis provides
information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition
for the periods presented. The following selected financial information is derived from our historical consolidated financial statements
and should be read in conjunction with such consolidated financial statements and notes thereto set forth elsewhere herein and the Forward-Looking
Statements explanation included herein. 

Background 

Since 2016, under current management,
we have sought revenue generating activities in various industries. Since then, we have made acquisitions in different industries, some
of which have been disposed. 

Over the last five years, we have
been unable to sustain any material income from our operations, have incurred recurring losses, have been unsuccessful at raising material
capital, either through debt or equity financing arrangements, and we have disposed of our beverage industry business line. These factors
provide substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Despite these challenges, we have
been un able to continue as a going concern but have achieved certain operational successes during our fiscal years ended June 30, 2020
and June 30, 2021 that mitigate our historical trends, including: 

In December 2020, we disposed of Record Street Brewing s operations. As part of the disposal, we
eliminated approximately 250,000 of outstanding obligations in exchange for a right to receive royalties on future uncertain beverage
sales in the highly competitive craft beer market. The disposal did not result in significant usage of cash resources. 

For the two fiscal years ended 6/30/21, we settled convertible notes and accrued interest totaling approximately
 291,000 for the issuance of restricted shares of common stock. 

For the two fiscal years ended 6/30/21, we raised cash proceeds totaling approximately 400,000 from the
issuance of convertible notes and promissory notes payable. 

In February 2021, we completed our acquisition of Vital Behavioral Health Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries
via the issuance of equity, which provides an opportunity to generate material operational revenues from in and out-patient rehabilitation
services. 

We raised 100,000 in capital in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021, via the issuance of a non-controlling
interest in its previously wholly owned subsidiary, VBH Kentucky, Inc. 

Plan of Operations 

 Subsequent to the entry into the
rehabilitation services industry, primarily through the acquisition of Vital Behavioral and subsidiaries, we initiated the following plan
of operations. 

Capital Raising Activities
(Current Commitments, Future Plans, Estimated Timelines) 

In late July 2021, we entered into a total of 40,000 12 convertible promissory notes (2 notes total)
with a new investor. The convertible notes automatically convert at maturity in July 2022 at a conversion price of 0.05. 

On August 26, 2021, a lender loaned us 500,000, pursuant to a 12 per annum Note, interest payable monthly,
and a maturity date of August 19, 2022, with a principal balloon payment on August 19, 2022. As additional consideration for the Note,
we also issued the lender One Million Warrants exercisable into One Million Common Stock Shares at an exercise price of 0.005 per share. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Operational Accomplishments/Paths
to Revenue (Licensing Timelines, Additional Facilities, Future Acquisitions): 

On August 1, 2021, our subsidiary VSL Frankfort LLC, leased 10 apartments that are intended to provide
sober living accommodations for patients for the outpatient facility of our subsidiary VBH Kentucky Inc. in Frankfort, Kentucky. Each
unit will accommodate multiple patients on a weekly pay basis, We expect 80 capacity and cash flow positive by November 30, 2021. 

On August 26, 2021, our subsidiary, VBH Kentucky Inc. received approval of its first license to operate
an intensive outpatient facility for the treatment of substance use disorders in Kentucky. Substantially all costs to fit, finish, and
outfit the facility have been expended. 

In August 2021, Vital Behavioral Health, Inc. leased a facility in Fayetteville, GA with an initial base
rent of 13,617 per month for an initial term of 18 months with a 5-year extension option. The facility will ultimately be used for in-patient
detox and mental health services. Initial conversations with county and adjacent city government authorities were positive, and no impediments
to licensing were reported. The license application is in the process of being drafted with submission intended by October 31, 2021, and
approval anticipated within 3-6 months thereafter. The cost to fit, finish, and outfit the facility is anticipated to be 250,000, with
the majority of those funds to be expended 30-45 days prior to the anticipated date of inspection prior to licensure. The facility is
expected to be at 80 capacity 30-60 days after licensure and cash flow positive 60-90 days after licensure. 

All facilities are intended to accept Medicaid and Medicare, out-of-network insurance, and private pay
patients. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Revenue and Cost of Revenue 

We generated no revenue for the years ended June
30, 2021, and June 30, 2020. 

Professional Fees 

We incurred professional fees of 208,688 and
 140,394 for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively. Our professional fees increased by 68,294 for our fiscal
year 2021, which increase is primarily attributable to our new business plan of operating substance abuse facilities. 

As funding permits, we expect to incur higher
professional fees associated with on-going development of our brand, customers, and other relationship development. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

 For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020,
we incurred general and administrative expenses of 268,051 and 8,865, respectively, representing an increase of 259,186 in Fiscal Year
2021 compared to our Fiscal Year 2020. The 257,233 increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to incurring
rent expense and related facilities costs totaling approximately 165,000; approximately 62,000 in payroll expenses; and approximately
 12,000 in advertising costs, none of which were incurred during fiscal 2020. 

We expect our expenses to increase over the next
several periods should we be successful in our new business plan, which will primarily consist of facilities costs, management and other
salaries, travel, and other corporate overhead. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was 28,459 and 44,625 for the
years ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively, representing a decrease of 16,166. The decrease in the current period interest
expense is primarily the result of converting previously outstanding debt obligations totaling
approximately 271,000 during the two fiscal years presented, partially off-set by the incurrence of new debt obligations totaling 265,000. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

We expect our interest expense to increase in
fiscal 2022, initially as a result of the 500,000, 12 promissory note that we issued in August 2021. Additional future interest expense
obligations are dependent on the types of future financing arrangements over the next twelve months, if any. 

Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 the
Company issued equity and equity-linked instruments in excess of the number of its authorized and unissued shares. As a result, certain
outstanding instruments were recognized and reclassified to liabilities as of June 30, 2021. The liability recognition and subsequent
revaluation of the instruments resulted in a loss on the change in fair value of 212,963 for the year ended June 30, 2021. The Company
expects to recognize the changes in the valuation of these liability instruments until the instruments are settled, or enough shares are
authorized if all other accounting criteria are met. The Company expects to increase its authorized share capital in the first half of
fiscal 2022, although there is no assurance the shareholders will approve such increase. 

Discontinued Operations 

On December 31, 2020, we completed the disposition
of our prior Record Street Brewing Operations. The primary consideration in the disposal was the purchaser s assumption of liabilities
totaling approximately 251,000. As a result of the assets acquired not having any book value, we recognized a gain on disposal of approximately
 251,000. We did not incur any tax impacts from the disposal. We expect the gain to be non-recurring. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 As of June 30, 2021 we had a working capital deficit
of approximately 764,000. Over the next twelve months, we have estimated that in order to maintain reporting company status as defined
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we will require cash for general and administrative expenses primarily consisting of facilities
costs payroll expenses and professional fees, which include accounting, legal and other professional fees, as well as filing fees. We
believe we will be able to meet these costs through the use of existing cash and cash equivalents, the cash proceeds totaling 500,000
received in August 2021from the issuance of a promissory note, and through our operations which are expected to commence during the second
quarter of fiscal 2022. However, no assurance can be given that we will be able to raise additional capital, when needed or at all, or
that such capital, if available, will be on acceptable terms. Further, we have recently entered the rehabilitation services industry and
may not be able to operate our facilities at levels sufficient to meet our on-going obligations. 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, our operational
cash flows primarily consisted of incurring expenses in the normal course of business at levels commensurate with its funding levels and
resulting inabilities to commence commercially viable operations. Net of the non-recurring gain on our discontinued RSB operations of
approximately 251,000, and the loss on the change in the fair value of derivative liabilities totaling approximately 213,000, our operational
cash uses primarily consisted of the incurrence of on-going general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2021. We expect
these operational cash uses to increase as we begin our operations in the first half of fiscal 2022. 

Our investing activities consisted of acquiring
property and equipment totaling approximately 47,000 partially off-set by approximately 10,000 of cash acquired through Vital. We expect
to make additional capital expenditures as its rehabilitation facilities increase operations. 

 During the year ended June 30, 2021, we generated
 265,000 of net cash from financing activities through the issuance of convertible debt and notes payable. Additionally, we sold non-controlling
interest in its previously wholly owned VBH Kentucky, Inc. subsidiary for 100,000. We expect to continue our financing efforts throughout
fiscal 2022, including receiving cash proceeds of 500,000 through the issuance of note payable in August 2021. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, and
2020, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet arrangements as set forth in Item 303(a)(4) of the Regulation S-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The
preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are
monitored and analyzed by our management for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in
the future. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Business Combinations 

Business combinations are accounted for at fair
value. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in general and administrative expenses; previously held equity interests
are valued at fair value upon the acquisition of a controlling interest; restructuring costs associated with a business combination are
expensed subsequent to the acquisition date; and changes in deferred tax asset valuation allowances and income tax uncertainties after
the acquisition date affect income tax expense. Measurement period adjustments are made in the period in which the amounts are determined,
and the current period income effect of such adjustments will be calculated as if the adjustments had been completed as of the acquisition
date. All changes that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments are also included in current period earnings. The accounting for
business combinations requires estimates and judgment as to expectations for future cash flows of the acquired business, and the allocation
of those cash flows to identifiable intangible assets, in determining the estimated fair value for assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
The fair values assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including contingent consideration, are based
on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize
customary valuation procedures and techniques. If the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates,
the amounts recorded in the financial statements could result in a possible impairment of goodwill or the recognition of additional consideration
which would be expensed. The fair value of contingent consideration is remeasured each period based on relevant information and changes
to the fair value are included in the operating results for the period. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset
and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established when necessary
in order to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be recovered. 

The Company has established a valuation allowance
for its deferred tax assets that are not recoverable from taxable temporary differences because the Company is unable to conclude that
future utilization of a portion of its NOL carryforwards and other deferred tax assets is more likely than not. 

The calculation of the Company s tax positions
involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The Company
is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the timing and
amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves for exposures
associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards. 

Embedded Conversion Features and Other Equity-linked Instruments
(Derivative Liabilities) 

The Company classifies all of its embedded debt
conversion features, and other derivative financial instruments as equity if the contracts (1) require physical settlement or net-share
settlement or (2) give the Company a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in its own shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement).
The Company classifies as assets or liabilities any contracts that (1) require net-cash settlement (including a requirement to net cash
settle the contract if an event occurs and if that event is outside the control of the Company), (2) give the counterparty a choice of
net-cash settlement or settlement in shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement), or (3) contracts that contain reset provisions.
The Company assesses classification of its equity-linked instruments at each reporting date to determine whether a change in classification
between equity and liabilities (assets) is required. As of June 30, 2021, the Company did not have enough authorized and unissued shares
to settle all outstanding equity-linked instruments resulting in the reclassification of certain instruments to liability. The Company
reclassifies outstanding instruments based on allocating the unissued shares to contracts with the earliest inception date resulting in
the contracts with the latest inception date being recognized as liabilities first. 

The Company accounts for contracts convertible
into common stock in excess of its authorized capital as derivative as liabilities. The derivative liabilities are remeasured at fair
value with the changes in the value reported as a component of other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated results of operations.
The derivative liabilities are measured at fair value using a Black Scholes option pricing model. The model is based on assumptions including
quoted market prices and estimated volatility factors based on historical quoted market prices for the Company s common stock, and
are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as established by US GAAP. As of June 30, 2021 all derivative liability contracts
are convertible into a fixed number of shares of common stock. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

UPD HOLDING CORP. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 43-44 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 45 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 46 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit - Years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 48 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 49-59 

42 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of UPD Holding
Corp. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of UPD Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June
30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has no revenue source, suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that
raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters also are described
in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they
relate. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Income Tax Provision 

As discussed in Note 10 to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company s income tax expense includes U.S. and state income taxes. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of existing
assets and liabilities. The tax rate used to determine the deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on the enacted tax rate for the
year and the manner in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets
to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. 

We identified management s
calculation of income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities (net of valuation allowance) as a critical audit matter because
of the significant judgments and estimates management makes to determine these amounts. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness
of management s interpretation of tax law in its estimate of the associated provisions and tax charges required a high degree of
auditor judgment and increased effort. Our audit procedures consisted of 1) evaluating historical tax filings, 2) assessing the reasonableness
of the valuation allowance. 

Business Combination and
Goodwill 

As discussed in Note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated financial statements include the acquisition of Vital Behavioral Health,
LLC. The valuation of the associated goodwill related to this acquisition and was determined as the excess funds paid in relation to the
net assets acquired. 

We identified management s
calculation of the fair market value of identifiable assets and liabilities and the associated calculation of goodwill as a critical audit
matter because of the significant judgements and estimates management makes to determine these amounts. Performing audit procedures to
evaluation the reasonableness of management s assessment of estimates required a high degree of auditor judgement and increased
effort. Our audit procedures consisted of 1) evaluating the fair market value of identifiable assets, (2) assessing the appropriateness
of non-cash consideration (3) independently recomputing the valuations determined by Management. 

Accounting for Embedded Derivative Liabilities
Related to Convertible Notes Payable 

As described in Note 2 to the
financial statements, the Company had convertible debentures that required accounting considerations and significant estimates. 

The Company determined that
variable conversion features issued in connection with certain convertible debt required derivative liability classification. These variable
conversion features were initially measured at fair value and subsequently have been remeasured to fair value at each reporting period.
The Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. 

We identified the accounting
considerations and related valuations, including the related fair value determinations of the embedded derivative liabilities of such
as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination were: (1) the accounting consideration in determining the
nature of the various features (2) the evaluation of the potential derivatives and potential bifurcation in the instruments, and (3) considerations
related to the determination of the fair value of the various debt and equity instruments and the conversion features that include valuation
models and assumptions utilized by management. Auditing these elements is especially challenging and requires auditor judgement due to
the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 

Our audit procedures related
to management s conclusion on the evaluation and related valuation of embedded derivatives, included the following, among others:
(1) evaluating the relevant terms and conditions of the various financings, (2) assessing the appropriateness of conclusions reached by
the Company with respect to the accounting for the convertible debt, and the assessment and accounting for potential derivatives and (3)
independently recomputing the valuations determined by Management. 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2019. 

Salt Lake City, Utah 

 October 13, 2021 

44 

 Table of Contents 

PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 

UPD Holding Corp. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 As of 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Assets held for sale 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset, net 

Other assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Derivative liability 

Related party notes payable 

Lease liability 

Liabilities related to assets sold 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders' deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized and issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized and and issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total UPD Holding Corp. stockholders' deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements 

45 

 Table of Contents 

UPD Holding Corp. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues: 

Net revenue 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Interest expense, net 

Loss on change in fair value of derivative liability 

Other income (expense), net 

Income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes 

Benefit from income taxes 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax 

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net income (loss) 

Less: net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to UPD Holding Corp. 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share from: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share from: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements 

46 

 Table of Contents 

UPD Holding Corp. 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Deficit 

Total 

Additional 
 
 UPD Holding Corp. 
 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 
 Non-Controlling 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 
 BALANCE, June 30, 2019 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt and
 interest 

Related party debt and interest forgiveness 

Net income 

BALANCE, June 30, 2020 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt and
 interest 

Issuance of common stock for acquisition of Vital Behavioral Health, 
 Inc. 

Cash received for minority interest in VBH Kentucky
 Inc. 

Reclassification of convertible instrument 

Beneficial conversion feature for convertible debt 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

BALANCE, June 30, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements 

47 

 Table of Contents 

UPD Holding Corp. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(Income) loss from discontinued operations 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss (gain) on settlement of debt 

Loss on change in fair value of derivative liability 

Amortization of debt discount 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

Assets held for sale 

Accrued interest 

Accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities - continuing operations 

Net cash used in operating activities - discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Cash acquired in business combination 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from related party notes payable 

Proceeds from issuance of non-controlling interest in VBH Kentucky Inc. 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from issuance notes payable 

Principal payments on notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-Cash Supplemental Disclosures 

Common stock issued for asset acquisition 

Common stock issued for debt settlement 

Notes payable forgiven for asset disposition 

Notes payable forgiven in business acquisition 

Related party debt forgiven 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements 

48 

 Table of Contents 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fair value measurements do not include transaction
costs. A fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. 
Categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
The fair value hierarchy is defined into the following three categories: 

Level 1: Quoted market prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

 Level 2: Observable market-based
inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 

 Level 3: Unobservable inputs
that are not corroborated by market data. 

The Company's financial instruments consist primarily
of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts payable, and convertible and other notes payable. The carrying amounts of such
financial instruments approximate their respective estimated fair value due to the short-term maturities and approximate market interest
rates of these instruments. 

The fair value of the Company s derivative
liabilities are estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with Level 3 unobservable inputs. Prior to the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021 the Company did not have any instruments valued within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Lease payments included in the measurement
of lease liabilities consist of (i) fixed lease payments for the noncancelable lease term, (ii) fixed lease payments for optional renewal
periods where it is reasonably certain the renewal option will be exercised, and (iii) variable lease payments that depend on an underlying
index or rate, based on the index or rate in effect at lease commencement. Certain real estate lease agreements require payments for non-lease
costs such as utilities and common area maintenance. The Company has elected an accounting policy to not separate implicit components
of the contract that may be considered non-lease related. 

Lease expense for operating leases consists
of the fixed lease payments recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term plus variable lease payments as incurred. The lease
payments are allocated between a reduction of the lease liability and interest expense. Depreciation of the right-of-use asset for operating
leases reflects the use of the asset on straight-line basis over the expected term of the lease. 

included in general and administrative
expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not incur advertising expenses during the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2020. 

3. Determining the transaction price; 
 
 4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies its performance obligations. 

Revenues from licensing royalties are
recognized when the Company s performance obligations are satisfied upon its licensee s sales to its customers. The Company
primarily invoices its licensee on a quarterly basis, net of returns. The Company did not realize material revenues in the current period
through the disposition date on December 31, 2020. 

The Company s expected rehab service
and facility revenue will be recognized in accordance with the same five core principles after meeting the applicable licensing requirements. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

pursuant to the Assumption Agreement of the same date whereby of the issued and outstanding common stock of RSB
was assigned to RSB s co-founder and a significant shareholder of the Company. As part of the disposition, the purchaser agreed
to assume outstanding liabilities of RSB totaling and acquired the rights to all royalties associated with the intellectual property
licensing previously held by the Company. The Company reclassified of RSB liabilities outstanding as of June 30, 2020 to liabilities
related to assets sold in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

During the years ended June 30, 2021
and 2020, RSB did not engage in material operations or generate material revenues. The Company did not allocate any interest expense to
discontinued operations apart from interest accrued on the obligations that were assumed. 

of the outstanding shares of Vital Behavioral Health Inc. Vital were
acquired via the issuance of shares of restricted common stock, the Company acquired the assets and assumed the liabilities
of Vital and its two wholly owned subsidiaries: VBH Frankfort LLC VBHF and VSL Frankfort LLC VSLF ). The
Company did not incur material acquisition costs associated with the Exchange Agreement. 

Lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Notes payable forgiven 

Total consideration 

Cash 

Right of use assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

Through the Vital acquisition, the Company intends
to operate multiple facilities in the U.S. that will focus on substance abuse treatment and offer various programs that help provide a
continuum of care to its patients. VBHF is intended to operate as an out-patient substance abuse treatment facility in Frankfort, Kentucky.
VSLF is intended to offer sober-designated living quarters for individuals who are in recovery. Each of Vital, VBHF, and VSLF are in the
early development stage and have not received any operational licenses or permits through the date of this report. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

- 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 - 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 
 
 - 

Depreciation for the year ended June 30, 2021
was . 

Related Party Notes Payable due October 2020 a nominal interest rate of 6 

Total Notes payable 

Accrued interest 

Total notes payable, net 

As of December 31,2020, 
of notes payable outstanding at June 30, 2020 were reclassified to liabilities related to assets sold in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. 

Throughout the fiscal year ended June
30, 2021 the Company did not have the financial resources to make current payments on these notes payable. All of the outstanding notes
payable are due to officers of the Company who have informally agreed to defer payment until such time as the Company s liquidity
improves, however, they are under no formal obligation to continue to do so and may demand payment. The Company has not incurred significant
penalties associated with the current defaults. 

Notes payable convertible into common stock at 0.10 per share; 
 nominal interest rate of 12 ; and matured in July 2020 (related 
 party) 
 - 

Notes payable convertible into common stock at 0.05 per share; 
 nominal interest rate of 12 ; and matures in March 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable convertible into common stock at 0.10 per share; 
 nominal interest rate of 12 ; and matures in February 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable convertible into common stock at 0.10 per share; nominal interest 

rate of 12 ; and matures in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 (related party) 
 - 

Total Convertible notes payable 

Unamortized discount 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net 

Accrued interest 

Total convertible notes payable, net 

The principal and interest of the Company s
outstanding convertible notes, with the exception of the related party notes totaling that matured in , automatically
convert to shares of common stock at or per share upon maturity if not paid in full prior to maturity. The Company did not
make any monthly interest payments on its outstanding convertible notes payable. 

During the year ended June 30, 2021,
a note holder became a related party through the acquisition (in a private transaction not involving the Company) of shares of outstanding
common stock in excess of 5 . In October 2020, the Company issued the related party a note payable for total cash proceeds of .
In February 2021, the Company acquired the entity, Vital Behavioral Health, Inc., the previous holder of the note. 

In December 2020, the Company settled
related party convertible notes payable and accrued interest totaling approximately via the issuance of shares of common
stock. As part of the settlement, the Company recognized a loss of approximately associated with the estimated fair value of the
stock issued being in excess of the carrying value of the debt. 

As of June 30, 2020, the Company did
not have enough authorized and unissued shares of common stock to settle all its convertible debt obligations. As a result, the Company
recognized obligations to issue a total of shares of common stock upon convertible debt conversion to derivative liabilities
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company measures the changes in the fair value of its derivative obligations using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model with a volatility assumption of 133 ; an expected term equal to the remaining term of the contract
on the reclassification date (between eight to twelve months for fiscal 2021); a risk-free rate of approximately ; and conversion
prices of shares), shares), and shares). For the year ended June 30, 2021 the Company
recognized a loss on the change in the fair value of derivative liabilities of in other income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. The Company had derivative liability obligations of as of June 30, 2021. The Company did not have any
outstanding derivative liabilities as of June 30, 2020. 

During the years ended June 30, 2021 the Company
recognized interest expense on all outstanding notes and convertible notes payable totaling approximately and , respectively. 

in exchange for short-term notes payable to
meet the Company s on-going operating expense obligations. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had outstanding notes payable
due to the CEO inclusive of accrued interest totaling and , respectively. Additionally, our CEO provided cash proceeds
totaling in September 2016 under a convertible note arrangement. The note matured in 2018 and remains outstanding. As of June
30, 2021 and 2020, the principal and interest due under the convertible note approximated and , respectively. The note,
along with accrued interest, is convertible into restricted common stock at rate of per share at the option of the Company s
CEO. By the terms of the convertible note, no additional interest was accrued during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

As noted in Footnote 4, the Company acquired a
 interest in Vital Behavioral Health, Inc. Vital ). As of the date of acquisition in February 2021, the Company was
indebted to Vital totaling approximately under a promissory note payable arrangement. Upon consummation of the merger, the
promissory note and related accrued interest were effectively eliminated. The Company did not make any cash payments under the promissory
note arrangement through June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021 the balance of the inter-company note payable was eliminated in the consolidation. 

The Company sold an individual a non-controlling
interest in VBH Kentucky, Inc. in April 2021 for cash proceeds totaling . The non-controlling interest holder also entered into
a convertible note payable with the Company in March 2021. 

Effective December 31, 2020, Dr. George D. Shoenberger
was appointed as a Board member of the Company. As of the date of the appointment and through June 30, 2021, Dr. Shoenberger held a convertible
note payable issued in 2016 with an initial principal balance of . As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the outstanding principal and
accrued interest balance due under the convertible note agreement totaled and , respectively. The note, along with accrued
interest, is convertible at the option of Dr. Shoenberger into restricted common stock of the Company at a conversion rate of per
share. The Company did not make any settlement arrangement to cure the default of the convertible note payable during the fiscal years
ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

In May 2020, the Company entered into a convertible
note arrangement with a shareholder in which the Company received total cash proceeds of . The noteholder was a previous owner
of Vital prior the Company s acquisition. As of June 30, 2021, the Company converted the previously outstanding convertible note
payable and accrued interest into shares of restricted common stock. Upon consummation of the Vital acquisition, the noteholder
was issued shares of restricted common stock in exchange for the equity interest in Vital. In addition, the significant shareholder
provided working capital advances totaling approximately during the year ended June 30, 2021 of which approximately was
due and payable as of June 30, 2021. 

Throughout several of the most recent fiscal years,
the Company received working capital advances from a significant shareholder. In December 2020, the Company settled the then outstanding
obligations due to the shareholder totaling approximately via the issuance of shares restricted common stock. As a result
of the settlement, the Company recognized a fiscal 2021 loss of approximately measured as the difference between the re-acquisition
price of the debt (as measured by the estimated fair value of the restricted common stock issued) and the carrying cost of the debt on
the date of settlement. The significant shareholder is the lessor of the Company s operating lease as of June 30, 2021. As of June
30, 2021 the Company owed the significant shareholder/lessor approximately related to tenant improvement payments made on behalf
of the Company. 

During the previous periods the Company s
Chief Operating Officer COO and Director made working capital advances to the Company that were converted to a promissory
note payable. The notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum. The Company owed the COO approximately and , respectively. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 certain
previously outstanding shareholder advances totaling approximately were assumed by a third party as part of the RSB disposition
as further discussed in Note 3. 

fully vested shares of restricted common stock for the settlement of convertible notes payable and accrued interest totaling approximately
 . 

In April 2021, the Company issued an investor
a 4.67 non-controlling interest in its previously wholly-owned subsidiary VBH Kentucky, Inc. for cash proceeds totaling . 

In February 2021, the Company issued 
fully vested shares of restricted common stock for total consideration of approximately for the acquisition of Vital Behavioral
Health, Inc. 

In February 2021, the Company issued a consultant
 fully vested shares of restricted common stock for total consideration of approximately . 

In December 2020, the Company issued a related
party fully vested shares of restricted common stock for the settlement of convertible notes payable and accrued interest totaling
approximately . As part of the settlement, the Company recognized an additional loss of approximately 23,000 as a result of the
difference between the fair value of the re-acquisition consideration and the carrying cost of the debt on the date of settlement. 

In December 2020, the Company issued a consultant
 fully vested shares of common stock for total consideration of approximately . 

. The Company estimated the lease liability associated with the facility
using a discount rate of . The discount rate is based on an estimate of the Company s incremental borrowing rate for a term
similar to the lease term on the commencement date. The Frankfort Lease commenced on . 

2023 

2024 
 - 
 
 2025 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 Total undiscounted cash payments 

Less interest 

Present value of payments 

The weighted average
remaining term of the Company s non-cancelable operating leases as of June 30, 2021 was approximately months . 

On January 14, 2021, our wholly owned subsidiary,
United Product Development Corporation (the Subsidiary ), a Nevada corporation, entered into a commercial lease (the Lexington
Lease with Athens Commons, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company, for the lease of a square foot building at . The Lexington Lease is for a 5-year term with options to renew for additional 5-year terms. The
effective beginning date of the Lexington Lease term was January 14, 2021. The Lexington Lease provides for minimum monthly rent of 
for the first lease year and a rental increase for each succeeding lease year. .
The Company also has an option to cancel the lease during the first six months if it is unable to obtain re-zoning approval and applicable
regulatory licensing. On May 20, 2021, the Company terminated the Lexington Lease to zoning and licensing challenges associated with the
facility. 

The total lease expense incurred during the year
ended June 30, 2021, inclusive of the cancelled Lexington Lease, was . The Company did not have any leases during the year ended
June 30, 2020. 

Total income (loss) before provision (benefit) for income taxes 

State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Total deferred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

State tax provision 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent differences Insolvency Exclusion 

Total provision for income taxes 

- 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Start-up expenditures 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 - 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 
 - 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 

Net deferred tax asset/(liability) 
 - 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance at end of year 

On December 31, 2020,
the Company discontinued its RSB operations, whereby 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock of RSB was assigned to RSB s
co-founder. As of December 31, 2020, all of the Company s net operating losses were generated by RSB and had not been utilized,
and the net operating losses were retained by RSB after the Company discontinued its RSB operations. The gain on sale from discontinued
operations is net of 0 tax expense. As of June 30, 2021, the Company did not have any federal or state net operating loss carryforwards. 

The Company estimates
the impact of a tax position recognized in the financial statements if that position is more likely than not of being sustained on audit,
based on the technical merits of the position. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had no liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 

The Company files U.S. and California tax returns,
with various statutes of limitation. As of June 30, 2021, the tax returns for fiscal year 2014 through fiscal year 2021 remain subject
to examination. Annual tax provisions include amounts considered necessary to pay assessments that may result from examination of prior
year tax returns; however, the amount ultimately paid upon resolution of issues may differ materially from the amount accrued. As of June
30, 2021, there are no income tax returns currently under audit. 

. The promissory note matures in and carries
an interest rate of per annum. The Company is required to make monthly interest payments with outstanding principal and interest due
on the maturity date. The Company issued the lender warrants convertible into restricted shares of common stock at an exercise
price of per share for a period of five years. 

In August 2021, Vital Behavioral Health, Inc.
leased a facility in Fayetteville, Georgia with an initial base rent of per month for an initial term of months with a 5-year
extension option. The facility is intended be used for in-patient services upon the receipt of regulatory approval. 

In August 2021, Vital Behavioral Health, Inc.
leased apartment facilities in Frankfort, Kentucky with base rent totaling per month for an initial term of months. The facility
is intended be used for in-patient services upon the receipt of regulatory approval. 

In July 2021, the Company entered into a total of convertible
promissory notes (2 notes total) with two investors. The convertible notes automatically convert at maturity in at a conversion
price of . 

59 

 Table of Contents 

Item 9 - Changes in Disagreements with Accountants and Financial
Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A - Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures also include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that,
as of June 30, 2021 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the size and nature of the existing business operation.
Given the size of our current operation and existing personnel, the opportunity to implement internal control procedures that segregate
accounting duties and responsibilities is limited. Until the organization can increase in size to warrant an increase in personnel, formal
internal control procedure will not be implemented until they can be effectively executed and monitored. As a result of the size of the
current organization, there will not be significant levels of supervision, review, independent directors nor formal audit committee. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over
financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that
receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be
prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness,
as of June 30, 2021, of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2021, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective due
to the size and nature of the existing business operation for the following reasons: lack of segregation of duties; lack of multiple levels
of review; insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting; and lack of an independent director or
audit committee. Given the size of our current operation and existing personnel, the opportunity to implement internal control procedures
that segregate accounting duties and responsibilities is limited. Until the organization can increase in size to warrant an increase in
personnel, formal internal control procedure will not be implemented until they can be effectively executed and monitored. As a result
of the size of the current organization, there will not be significant levels of supervision, review, independent directors nor formal
audit committee. 

Item 9B - Other Information 

None 

Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

None 

60 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification of Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the name, age and
positions of our executive officers and directors as of the Effective Date. Executive officers are elected annually by our Board
of Directors. Each executive officer holds his office until he resigns, is removed by the Board, or his successor is elected and
qualified. Directors are elected annually by our stockholders at the annual meeting. Each director holds his office until
his successor is elected and qualified or his earlier resignation or removal. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Director Since 
 
 Mark W. Conte 
 60 
 , CEO/CFO, Director 
 March 16, 2015 
 
 Patrick Ogle 
 43 
 Chief Operating Officer, Director, General Counsel 
 February 16, 2021 
 
 Dr. George Shoenberger 
 47 
 Director 
 January 1, 2021 
 
 Kevin J. Pikero 
 64 
 Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 March 16, 2015 
 
 Andrew D. Smith 
 61 
 Director 
 March 16, 2015 

Kevin J. Pikero resigned as CFO/Director on February
16, 2021. As disclosed on Form 8-K, Kevin J. Pikero s resignation was not due to any disagreement with us or our management regarding
or operations, policies or practices. Andrew D. Smith resigned on December 31, 2020. As disclosed on Form 8-K Andrew D. Smith s
resignation was not due to any disagreement with us or our management regarding or operations, policies or practices. 

Current Officers/Directors 

Mark W. Conte 

Mark W. Conte has been our Chief Executive Officer/Director
since March 16, 2015 and our Chief Financial Officer since February 16, 2021. He is a business professional and entrepreneur in Reno,
Nevada with over 35 years of experience in marketing and operations in the health, nutraceutical, technology, agricultural sciences, and
banking industries. Mr. Conte is a co- founder of iMetabolic Corp and its President. Mr. Conte was a co-founder/ co-Managing Member of
International Metabolic Institute LLC, which developed the iMetabolic brand and an initial line of dietary and nutraceutical
products. Prior thereto, Mr. Conte was: a Partner in 1Globe Wireless, Inc.; the B2B Sales Manager for AT T Wireless; Managing Director
and Manager of Operations for Perten Instruments; Vice President of Marketing for AIQ Systems, Inc.; and as a Corporate Banking Specialist
and Foreign Exchange Representative for Valley Bank of Nevada. Mr. Conte received a B.S. in Finance from the University of Nevada at Reno
in 1984. 

Patrick Ogle - Chief Operating Officer/Director/General
Counsel 

Patrick Ogle has been our Chief Operating
Officer/Director/General Counsel since February 16, 2021. He is licensed as an attorney to practice law in Nevada, Arkansas, and the
District of Columbia. Since January 2018, he has served as the Manager of Nevada Corporate Counsel LLC in Reno, Nevada, a
professional services firm with a focus on corporate law. From September 2018 through August 2019, Mr. Ogle served as Chief
Operating Officer and as a Director of Isodiol International, Inc., a hemp-derived consumer products company in Vancouver, British
Columbia. From August 2017 through August 2018, he was Isodiol International Inc. s General Counsel. From March 2018 through
March 2019, Mr. Ogle served as General Counsel of Chemesis International Inc., a medical and recreational cannabis-derived consumer
products company in Vancouver, British Columbia. From March 2010 to July 2017, Mr. Ogle engaged in the practice of law as a solo
practitioner and as outsourced general counsel for various companies in Reno, Nevada and Washington, D.C. Prior thereto, Mr. Ogle
practiced law in the Investment Management practice group at the law firm of Seward Kissel LLP, as a legal consultant at the
Inter-American Development Bank, and as a judicial law clerk at the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Arkansas. Mr.
Ogle holds a B.S.B.A. in Accounting from Bucknell University, a J.D. from University of Arkansas School of Law, and an LL.M. in
Securities and Financial Regulation from Georgetown University Law Center. 

As of June 30, 2021, we were indebted to Mr. Ogle
in the amount of approximately 75,000. 

Dr. George Shoenberger Director 

Dr. Shoenberger has been our Director since December 31, 2020. He is
a Nevada Licensed Psychologist and since 2015 has served as the Manager of Health Psychology Associates LLC in Reno, Nevada. He obtained
both bachelor s and master s degrees in psychology at California State University, Chico, and later attended the clinical
psychology doctoral program at the University of Nevada, Reno, where he completed a Ph.D. with an emphasis on cognitive-behavioral treatments
for anxiety disorders and addictions. Dr. Shoenberger completed his pre-doctoral internship at the Portland VA Medical Center and received
specialized training in psychological assessment, behavioral medicine and health psychology, eating disorders treatment, and chronic disease
management. He then completed post-doctoral training with an emphasis on behavioral pediatrics and adolescent psychology. In addition
to his client practice, Dr. Shoenberger has consulted with several healthcare agencies that specialize in behavioral health and lifestyle
change. Dr. Shoenberger has actively practiced as a licensed psychologist since 2009. 

61 

 Table of Contents 

Former Officers/Directors Fiscal
Year Ending June 30, 2021 

Kevin J. Pikero Former Chief Financial
Officer/Director 

Mr. Pikero was our Chief Financial Officer/Director
from March 16, 2015 to his resignation on February 16, 2021. Mr. Pikero s resignation was not due to any disagreement with the Company,
its board of directors, or its management. 

 Mr. Pikero is a retired Certified Public Accountant
(CPA) in Reno, Nevada with over 40 years of experience in the financial and accounting business. Mr. Pikero operated Kevin J. Pikero 
Associates, Inc. (CPAs) in Reno, Nevada providing accounting, tax, and financial services for a select domestic and international clientele
of corporations, partnerships, sole proprietors, and individuals. Mr. Pikero s professional history includes employment with:
Haims Company (CPAs); E.F. Hutton Credit Corp.; Barclays Business Credit Inc.; Truckee River Bank; Bank of America Community
Development Bank; and United American Funding, Inc. Mr. Pikero is a graduate of Bentley University with a B.S. in Accounting and of the
University of Bridgeport, Bridgeport, CT with a M.B.A. in Finance. 

Andrew D. Smith -Former Director 

Andrew D. Smith was our Director from March
16, 2015 until his resignation on December 31, 2020. Mr. Smith is a Certified Public Accountant in Chicago, Illinois with over 35 years
of experience in the financial and accounting business. He is a co-founder and the current President of Houlihan Capital, an investment
banking firm with specializations in mergers and acquisitions and valuations. Previously to his time at Houlihan Capital, Mr. Smith was:
a Senior Vice President for EVEREN Securities, Inc. (formerly Kemper Securities, Inc., 1993 to 1996), where he was the founder and co-head
of the firm s Mergers Acquisitions Group; a Managing Director at Geneva Capital Markets; and an auditor for Ernst Whinney,
where he specialized in serving financial institutions. Mr. Smith is a graduate, with honors, of Ohio Wesleyan University with a BA in
Economics, is registered with FINRA as a General Securities Representative (Series 7), General Securities Principal (Series 24), and a
Financial and Operations Principal (Series 27), is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Illinois
CPA Society, and is credentialed through the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants as Accredited in Business Valuation. 

Employment Contracts 

There are no employment agreements between us
and our officers and directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted a Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics. 

Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and
Nominating Committee 

 As of the date of this filing, we do not have
a formal Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or Nominating Committee. Our Board of Directors make all decisions that an audit
committee would ordinarily make. We have determined that we do, not have a member of its Board of Directors that qualifies as an
 audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

We believe that the members of our Board of Directors
are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements. In addition, we believe that at this time,
retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome
and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any revenues
to date. 

62 

 Table of Contents 

Conflicts of Interest 

Certain potential conflicts of interest are inherent
in the relationships between our officers and directors, and us. 

From time to time, one or more of our affiliates
may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage other businesses both related and unrelated to the type of business that we own
and operate. These persons expect to continue to form, hold an ownership interest in and/or manage additional other businesses which
may compete with ours with respect to operations, including financing and marketing, management time and services and potential customers.
 These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests of us and other businesses with which our affiliates
are associated. Our affiliates are in no way prohibited from undertaking such activities, and neither we nor our shareholders will
have any right to require participation in such other activities. 

Further, because we intend to transact business
with some of our officers, directors, and affiliates, as well as with firms in which some of our officers, directors or affiliates have
a material interest, potential conflicts may arise between the respective interests of us and these related persons or entities. We
believe that such transactions will be affected on terms at least as favorable to us as those available from unrelated third parties. 

With respect to transactions involving real or
apparent conflicts of interest, we have adopted policies and procedures which require that: (i) the fact of the relationship or interest
giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or known to the directors who authorize or approve the transaction prior to such authorization
or approval, (ii) the transaction be approved by a majority of our disinterested outside directors, and (iii) the transaction be fair
and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our directors. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

To the best of our knowledge,
none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

1. been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations and other minor offences); 

2. had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership,
corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing
or within two years prior to that time; 

3. been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance
activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

4. been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
or vacated; 

5. been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree,
or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants),
relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation
prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity
(as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or
organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

63 

 Table of Contents 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s officers and directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities
to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Officers, directors,
and beneficial owners of more than ten percent of the Common Stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies
of all reports that they file with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Our Officers and Directors have not complied
with Section 16. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth the compensation awarded to, earned
by, or paid to each named executive officer during each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock 
Awards ) 

Option 
Awards ) 

Non-Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Compensation ) 

Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 

All Other 
Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Mark W. Conte (1) 
 
 2021 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Chief (Principal) Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer/ Director 
 
 2020 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Patrick Ogle 
 
 2021 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Chief Operating Officer 
 
 2020 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Kevin J. Pikero (1) 
 
 2021 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Former Chief (Principal) Financial Officer and Director 
 
 2020 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Kevin J. Pikero resigned as CFO/Director on February
16, 2021. 

Effective as of July 1, 2021, we completed 12
month consulting agreements with CEO Mark Conte and COO Patrick Ogle, providing for compensation of 5,000 per month to each officer for
public company administration and behavioral health treatment facility operations 

Director Compensation 

No directors were compensated in Fiscal Years
2020 or 2021. We do not currently have a formal plan for compensating our directors. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation 

Not applicable. 

64 

 Table of Contents 

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

The General Corporation Law of Nevada provides
that directors, officers, employees or agents of Nevada corporations are entitled, under certain circumstances, to be indemnified against
expenses (including attorneys fees) and other liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with any suit
brought against them in their capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if they
had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. This statute provides that directors, officers, employees and agents may
also be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with a derivative
suit brought against them in their capacity as a director, if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification may be made without court approval if such
person was adjudged liable to the corporation. 

Our by-laws provide that we shall indemnify our
officers and directors in any action, suit or proceeding unless such officer or director shall be adjudged to be derelict in his or her
duties. 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table sets forth, as of October
13 , 2021, certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock according to the information supplied to us, that were
beneficially owned by (i) each person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of each class of the Company s
outstanding voting stock, (ii) each director, (iii) each named executive officer identified in the Summary Compensation Table,
and (iv) all named executive officers and directors as a group. 

Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named
in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws
where applicable. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. 

Name and Address of Beneficial 
Owner (1) 
 Amount Nature of Direct 
Beneficial Ownership 
(Common Stock Shares) 
 Percentage of 
 Common Stock (1) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Mark W. Conte 
 Chief (Principal) Executive 
 Officer/Director 
 
 12,189,369 
 
 6.3 

Patrick E. Ogle 
 Chief Operating Officer Director 
 
 14,034,893 
 
 7.2 

G. Deacon Shoenberger 
 Director 
 10,346,931 
 5.3 

All Officers/Directors as a Group 
 
 36,571,193 
 18.8 
 
 Over 5 Holders 

Jesse Corletto 
 12,000,000 
 6.2 
 
 Terie Ogle 
 10,000,000 
 5.1 

Gary Plitchta 
 10655 Versailles Blvd 
 Wellington, Florida 33449 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 10.3 

Samuel Kesaris 
 2186 SW Destin Drive 
 Port Saint Lucie, Florida 34952 
 10,560,000 
 5.4 

Philip Kesaris 
 7 Bradenton Court 
 Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878 
 10,000,000 
 5.1 

65 

 Table of Contents 

(1) Applicable percentage of ownership is
 based on 194,982,479 shares of common stock outstanding as of October 13, 2021, together with securities exercisable or convertible
 into 9,716,000 shares of common stock within sixty (60) days of June 30, 2021, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is
 determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
 Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock that are currently
 exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of June 30, 2021, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such
 options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for
 the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Currently none of the officers or directors of the
 Company hold options or warrants of the Company. The business address of each person named as an officer or director is 75 Pringle
 Way, 8th Floor, Suite 804 Reno, Nevada 89502/ 

(2) Share percentages reflect single digit rounding. 

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Apart from the transactions described below, we
do not have any transactions during fiscal years 2021 and 2020 with any director, director nominee, executive officer, security holder
known to us to own of record or beneficially more than 5 of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing
persons, in which the amount involved exceeded 120,000. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, our
Chief Executive Officer CEO provided us with 30,000 in exchange for short-term 6 notes payable to meet our on-going
operating expense obligations. As of June 30, 2021, and 2020, we had outstanding notes payable due to the CEO inclusive of accrued interest
totaling 41,225 and 10,200, respectively. Additionally, our CEO provided cash proceeds totaling 15,000 in September 2016 under a convertible
note arrangement. The note matured in 2018 and remains outstanding. As of June 30, 2021, and 2020, the principal and interest due under
the convertible note approximated 31,000 and 31,000, respectively. The note, along with accrued interest, is convertible into restricted
common stock at rate of 0.0125 per share at the option of our CEO. Pursuant to the terms of the convertible note, no additional interest
was accrued during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

We acquired a 100 interest in Vital Behavioral
Health, Inc. As of the date of acquisition in February 2021, we were indebted to Vital for approximately 100,000 under a 6 promissory
note. Upon consummation of the merger with Vital, the promissory note and related accrued interest were effectively eliminated. We did
not make any cash payments under the promissory note arrangement through June 30, 2021. 

We sold an individual a 4.67 non-controlling
interest in VBH Kentucky, Inc., our majority owned subsidiary, in April 2021for cash proceeds totaling 100,000. The non-controlling interest
holder also entered into 100,000 12 convertible note payable with us in March 2021. The convertible note matures in March 2022 and is
convertible into restricted common stock at 0.05 per share. 

Effective December 31, 2020, Dr. George D. Shoenberger
was appointed as our Board member. As of the date of his appointment and through June 30, 2021, Dr. Shoenberger held a convertible note
payable with us issued in 2016 with an initial principal balance of 50,000. As of June 30, 2021, and 2020, the outstanding principal
and accrued interest balance due under the convertible note agreement totaled 100,000 and 100,000, respectively. The note, along with
accrued interest, is convertible at Dr. Shoenberger s option into our restricted common stock at a conversion rate of 0.025 per
share. We did not cure the default of the convertible note payable during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020. 

In May 2020, we entered into a 12 convertible
note arrangement with a shareholder in which we received total cash proceeds of 50,000. The noteholder was a previous 59 owner of Vital
prior our acquisition of Vital. As of June 30, 2021, we converted the previously outstanding convertible note payable and accrued interest
into 560,000 shares of our restricted common stock. Upon consummation of the Vital acquisition, the noteholder was issued 10,000,000 shares
of restricted common stock in exchange for the equity interest in Vital. In addition, the significant shareholder provided working capital
advances totaling approximately 58,000 during the year ended June 30, 2021 of which approximately 51,000 was due and payable as of June
30, 2021. 

66 

 Table of Contents 

Throughout several of the most recent fiscal years,
we received working capital advances from a significant shareholder. In December 2020, we settled the then outstanding obligations due
to the shareholder totaling approximately 69,000 via the issuance of 3,900,000 shares restricted common stock. As a result of the settlement,
we recognized a fiscal 2021 loss of approximately 23,000 measured as the difference between the re-acquisition price of the debt (as
measured by the estimated fair value of the restricted common stock issued) and the carrying cost of the debt on the date of settlement.
The significant shareholder is the lessor of our operating lease as of June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, we owed the significant shareholder/lessor
approximately 23,000 related to tenant improvement payments made on our behalf. 

During the previous periods our Chief Operating
Officer/Director made working capital advances to us that were converted to a promissory note payable. The notes accrue interest at a
rate of 6 per annum. We owed the COO approximately 87,000 and 82,000 as of June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, certain
previously outstanding shareholder advances totaling approximately 72,000 were assumed by a third party as part of the RSB disposition. 

In June 2021, we issued a related party 560,000
fully vested shares of restricted common stock for the settlement of convertible notes payable and accrued interest totaling approximately
 56,000. 

Director Independence 

Although we are not listed on a national securities
exchange, in determining whether the members of our Board are independent, the Company has elected to use the definition of independence 
set forth by the NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ and the standards for independence established by NASDAQ. After review of
relevant transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his family members, and the Company, its senior management and
the Board, have determined that none of our officers or directors are independent directors within the meaning of the applicable listing
standards of NASDAQ. Mark W. Conte and Patrick Ogle are not independent directors under the NASDAQ standard based in part on their positions
as executive officers and employees of the Company. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table summarizes the aggregate fees billed to us by our
registered independent auditor in relation to the audits and quarterly reviews of the Company for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021
and 2020: 

Fee Category 
 Year Ended 
June 30, 2021 
 Year Ended 
June 30, 2020 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 60,000 
 17,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

(1) Audit Fees. Audit fees include fees for professional services performed for the audit
of our annual consolidated financial statements, review of quarterly consolidated financial statements included in our SEC filings,
and assistance and issuance of consents associated with other SEC filings. 

(2) Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees are fees for assurance and related services that
are reasonably related to the audit. This category includes fees related to assistance consulting on financial accounting/reporting standards. 

(3) Tax Fees. Tax fees primarily include professional services performed with respect to preparation
of our federal and state tax returns for our consolidated subsidiaries. 

(4) All Other Fees. All other fees include products and services provided, other than the services
reported comprising Audit Fees, Audit Related Fees and Tax Fees. 

67 

 Table of Contents 

The Board of Directors has reviewed the services
provided by WSRP for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and the amounts billed for such services, and after consideration, has determined
that the receipt of these fees is compatible with the provision of independent audit services. The Board has discussed these services
and fees with its registered independent audit firms and Company management to determine that they are appropriate under the rules and
regulations concerning auditor independence promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to implement the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as well as under guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The entire Board of Directors acts as our Audit
Committee. The Audit Committee does not have a financial expert serving on its committee at this time due to our size and nature. 

All audit and non-audit services are pre-approved
by the Audit Committee, which consists of the members of the Board of Directors which considers, among other things, the possible effect
of the performance of such services on the auditors independence. The Audit Committee pre-approves the annual engagement
of the principal independent registered public accounting firm, including the performance of the annual audit and quarterly reviews for
the subsequent fiscal year, and pre-approves specific engagements for tax services performed by such firm. The Audit Committee has
also established pre-approval policies and procedures for certain enumerated audit and audit related services performed pursuant to the
annual engagement agreement, including such firm s attendance at and participation at Board and committee meetings; services associated
with SEC registration statements approved by the Board of Directors; review of periodic reports and other documents filed with the SEC
or other documents issued in connection with securities offerings, such as comfort letters and consents; assistance in responding to any
SEC comments letters; and consultations with such firm as to the accounting or disclosure treatment of transactions or events and the
actual or potential impact of final or proposed rules, standards or interpretations by the SEC, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(PCAOB), Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), or other regulatory or standard-setting bodies. The Audit Committee is informed
of each service performed pursuant to its pre-approval policies and procedures. The Audit Committee has considered the role of WSRP
in providing services to us for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 and has concluded that such services are compatible with
such firm s independence. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 

2.1 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated December 31, 2014, by and among Esio Water Beverage Development Corp. and iMetabolic Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 20, 2015). 
 
 10.1 
 Frankfurt, Kentucky Lease dated November 18, 2020 
 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Exhibit 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the
Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Exhibit 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 Exhibit 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Exhibit 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 Exhibit 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Exhibit 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 Exhibit 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information is deemed not filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

68 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UPD HOLDING CORP. 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark W. Conte 

Mark W. Conte 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark W. Conte 

Mark W. Conte 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer) 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Patrick E. Ogle 

Patrick E. Ogle 

Chief Operations Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mark W. Conte 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 October 13, 2021 
 
 Mark W. Conte 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Mark W. Conte 
 
 Chief Financial Officer/ Chief Accounting Officer Director 
 
 October 13, 2021 
 
 Mark W. Conte 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Patrick E. Ogle 
 
 Chief Operating Officer//Director 
 
 October 13, 2021 
 
 Patrick Ogle 

/s/ G. Deacon Sheonberger 
 
 Director 
 
 October 13, 2021 
 
 Deacon Shoenberger 

69 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

OFFICE LEASE 

THIS OFFICE LEASE (the lease made as of November 18, 2020, between KELL PROPERTIES, LLC , a Kentucky limited liability company Landlord ), and VBH
FRANKFORT LLC , a Nevada limited liability company Tenant ). 

ARTICLE I 

 Term 

(A) Premises 

Landlord hereby leases to
Tenant and Tenant hereby leases from Landlord that certain portions of the building known and designated as Units B, C D, 915 Leawood
Drive, Frankfort, Franklin County, Kentucky (the property ), as more particularly shown on attached Exhibit A, subject to the
terms and conditions more particularly hereinafter set forth herein. 

(B) Term 

The term term of this lease shall commence on December 1, 2020 commencement date or such other date as determined by the parties as to
the substantial completion of the Tenant Improvements (TI) and twenty-four (24) months later expiration date ), unless sooner
terminated as provided herein. This lease is subject to acquiring the necessary licensing from the state and local jurisdictions within
three (3) months of initial occupancy. Should Tenant fail to obtain the necessary licenses within that timeframe, it shall have the option
to terminate the lease but shall reimburse Landlord for all non-reimbursed direct Tenant Improvement Costs (TI) that had not been previously
reimbursed. 

ARTICLE II 

 Monthly Rent 

(A) From
the rent commencement date until the expiration date, Tenant shall pay Landlord monthly rent of 2,365.00. 

(B) All
monthly rent, or prorated rent in the case of a partial month, shall be paid in advance, on or before the first day of each calendar month
during the term. Tenant shall pay, as additional rent, a late fee charge of 100.00 if rent is not received within five (5) days of its
due date. In addition to such charge, any rent paid more than thirty (30) days after due shall accrue interest from the due date at the
rate of 12 per annum until payment is received by Landlord. Such charge and interest payments shall not be deemed consent by Landlord
to late payments, nor a waiver of Landlord's right to insist upon timely payments at any time, nor a waiver of any remedies to which Landlord
is entitled as a result of the late payment of rent. If the term commences on a day other than the first day of a calendar month, or ends
on a day other than the last day of a calendar month, then the rent for such fractional month shall be prorated on the basis of one-thirtieth
of the monthly rent for each day of such fractional month. 

1 

(C) Rent
shall be paid at the office maintained by Landlord, or any other place designated by Landlord, without any prior demand or notice therefor
and shall, in all events, be paid without any deductions, set-offs, or counterclaims whatsoever. 

(D) Additional
Rent 

Tenant shall pay Landlord
an amount equal to seventy-seven (77 percent assessed ad valorem property taxes against the property on or before November 10 th 
of each year. 

Tenant shall also pay an amount
equal to seventy-seven (77 percent of the Landlord s insurance carried on the real property within fourteen (14) days of Landlord
submitting an invoice to the Tenant. 

If the term commences other
than on January 1, or ends other than on December 31, Tenant's obligations to pay taxes for such first or final calendar years shall be
prorated to reflect the portion of such years included in the term. 

Tenant shall be responsible
for paying all personal property taxes with respect to Tenant s personal property at the Leased Premises. 

(E) Security
Deposit 

Tenant shall deposit with
Landlord, prior to the commencement of the term, the sum of 2,365.00 as security deposit. 

ARTICLE III 

 Condition of Premises 

Landlord and Tenant have agreed
to share the cost equally for the TI as required by Tenant. Upon completion of the TI, tenant will inspect the premises and accepts the
same as is without any agreements, representations, understandings, or obligations on the part of Landlord to perform any
further alterations, repairs, or improvements except as otherwise provided in this lease, or any warranty of habitability or representation
by Landlord that the premises are fit for Tenant's intended use. 

ARTICLE IV 

 Use and Rules 

Tenant shall use and occupy
the premises for offices and a treatment facility for patients with behavioral health issues and for no other purpose whatsoever, in compliance
with all applicable laws. 

2 

ARTICLE V 

 Services and Utilities 

Tenant shall be responsible
for the payment of all utilities necessary for the Tenant s use and occupancy of the property. 

ARTICLE VI 

 Alterations and Liens 

(A) Alterations 

Tenant shalt not, without
the prior written consent of Landlord, make any additions, changes, alterations, or improvements alterations to the premises,
except for cosmetic changes, i.e. interior paint and wallpaper and the installation of cameras and controlled access card readers. Landlord
may impose reasonable requirements as a condition of such consent including, without limitation, the submission of drawings, plans, and
specifications for Landlord's prior written approval, affidavits listing all contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers, affidavits from
engineers acceptable to Landlord stating that the alterations will not adversely affect the systems and equipment or the structure of
the property, and requirements as to the manner and times in which such alterations shall be done. Tenant shall give written notice to
Landlord of any intent to make alterations, together with copies of the plans and specifications, if any, for such alterations. Tenant
agrees that alterations shall be performed in a good and workmanlike manner, as coordinated and approved by Landlord, and all materials
used shall be of a quality comparable to or better than those in the premises and property and, where required, shall be in accordance
with plans and specifications approved by Landlord. 

(B) No liens 

Tenant shall keep the property
and premises free from any mechanic's, materialman's, or similar liens or other such encumbrances in connection with any alterations on
or respecting the premises and shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, judgments, or costs
(including attorney fees) arising out of the same or in connection therewith. Tenant shall remove any such lien or encumbrance within
fifteen (15) days after written notice by Landlord, and if Tenant shall fail to do so, Landlord may pay the amount necessary to remove
such lien or encumbrance, without being responsible for making any investigation as to the validity thereof, and the amount so paid shall
be deemed additional rent reserved under this lease due and payable upon demand, without limitation as to other remedies available to
Landlord under this lease. Any claim to a lien or encumbrance upon the property or premises arising in connection with any alterations
on or respecting the premises not performed by or at the request of Landlord, shall be null and void, or at Landlord's option shall attach
only against Tenant's interest in the premises and shall in all respects be subordinate to Landlord's title to the property and premises. 

3 

ARTICLE VII 

 Repairs and Maintenance 

(A) Tenant's obligations 

Tenant shall keep and maintain
the premises (including, without limitation, ceilings, walls, carpet, doors, interior glass, light fixtures and bulbs, keys and locks,
fire extinguishers, plumbing and other fixtures, alterations and improvements whether installed by Landlord or Tenant) in good order and
sanitary condition, and make all repairs caused by its negligence, misfeasance, or malfeasance or by its use of the premises or any part
thereof and commit no waste on the premises or the property. 

 Additionally, Tenant shall
be responsible for its prorated share of the cleaning of the parking lot and drive aisles and snow and ice removal. 

(B) Landlord's obligations 

Landlord shall keep the roof,
structural components, HVAC, plumbing and electrical systems and equipment in good and sanitary condition and good working order and repair
and perform all maintenance thereto. In addition, Landlord shall be responsible for all ADA compliance matters related to the building. 

ARTICLE VIII 

 Casualty Damage 

(A) Restoration of damage 

If the premises or any part
thereof shall be damaged by fire or other casualty, Tenant shall give prompt notice to Landlord. In such event and within one hundred
twenty (120) days from the date of such casualty, Landlord shall, at Landlord's expense, commence to restore the premises and thereafter
diligently complete such restoration. Such repair shall substantially restore the condition of the premises prior to the casualty, except
for modifications required by zoning and building codes and other laws, and except that Landlord shall not be required to repair or replace
any of Tenant's furniture, furnishings, fixtures, or equipment. Landlord shall not be liable for any inconvenience or annoyance to Tenant
or their visitors, or injury to Tenant's business resulting in any way from such damage or the repair thereof, except that Landlord shall
allow Tenant a proportionate abatement of rent during the time and to the extent the premises are unfit for occupancy, and not occupied
by Tenant as a result of such damages. 

(B) Termination
of lease for substantial damage 

Notwithstanding the foregoing
to the contrary, in the event the property is damaged by fire or other casualty, Landlord shall notify Tenant within thirty (30) days
after the fire or other casualty, and within fifteen (15) days after such notice, Landlord or Tenant may at either's option, terminate,
without liability to the other party, this lease by giving notice to the other of such termination in the event that any of the following
conditions occur: 

4 

(1) In
Landlord's reasonable opinion, repairs cannot be completed within one hundred twenty (120) days after being commenced without the payment
of overtime or other premiums; 

(2) In
Landlord's reasonable opinion, more than twenty-five (25 percent of the rentable area of the property is damaged to any material extent
(which shall include damage by smoke or water) whether or not the premises shall have been damaged by such fire or other casualty; 

(3) The
damage is not covered by Landlord's insurance policies. 

In the event said notice to
terminate is not given, Landlord agrees to complete the required repairs and the restoration, replacement, and rebuilding of the property,
subject to unavoidable delay, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of such casualty. Upon failure of Landlord to complete
such work on or before such completion date as the same may be thus extended, Tenant may, at their option, cancel this lease by written
notice to Landlord. 

ARTICLE IX 

 Insurance, Subrogation, and Waiver of Claims 

(A) Tenant's insurance 

Tenant shall maintain during
the term comprehensive public liability insurance, with limits of not less than 2,000,000 for personal injury, bodily injury, sickness,
disease, or death and 1,000,000 for damage or injury to or destruction of property (including the loss of use thereof for any one occurrence.)
Tenant shall also maintain during the term primary, noncontributory all-risk casualty insurance on their personal property,
fixtures, and improvements and other insurable personal property and risks in amounts not less than the full insurable replacement value
of such property and full insurable value of such other interests of Tenant. 

Prior to the commencement
dates, Tenant shall provide Landlord with certificates evidencing such coverage (and, with respect to public liability coverage, showing
Landlord as an additional named insured). These certificates shall state that such insurance coverage may not be changed or canceled without
at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Landlord, and shall provide renewal certificates to Landlord at least thirty (30) days
prior to expiration of such policies. If Tenant exercises their renewal option, Landlord and Tenant shall meet to discuss whether Tenant's
insurance coverage should be increased. Any insurance carried by Landlord or Tenant against loss or damage to the property or premises
shall be for the sole benefit of the party carrying such insurance and under their sole control. All insurance required hereunder shall
be provided by insurers rated at least A in Best's Insurance Guide who are licensed to do business in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 

5 

ARTICLE X 

 Condemnation 

(A) Condemnation proceeds
to Landlord 

If the whole or any part of
the premises or property shall be taken by power of eminent domain or condemned by any competent authority for any public or quasi-public
use or purpose, or if any adjacent property or street shall be so taken, condemned, reconfigured, or vacated by such authority in such
manner as to require the use, reconstruction, or remodeling of any part of the premises or property, or if Landlord shall grant a deed
or other instrument in lieu of such taking by eminent domain or condemnation, Landlord shall have the option to terminate this lease on
thirty (30) days' notice, provided such notice is given no later than sixty (60) days after the date of such taking, condemnation, reconfiguration,
vacation, deed, or other instrument. Landlord shall be entitled to receive the entire award or payment in connection therewith condemnation
proceeds without any payment to Tenant and Tenant hereby irrevocably assigns to Landlord its interest in such award or payment,
except that Tenant shall have the right to file any separate claim available to Tenant for any taking of Tenant's personal property and
fixtures belonging to Tenant and removable by Tenant upon expiration of the term, and for moving expenses (so long as such claim does
not diminish the award available to Landlord or any holder, and such claim is payable separately to Tenant). All rent shall be apportioned
as of the date of such termination, or the date of such taking, whichever shall first occur. If any part of the premises shall be taken
and this lease shall not be so terminated, the rent shall be proportionately abated. 

ARTICLE XI 

 Return of Possession 

(A) Surrender of possession 

At the termination of this
lease by lapse of time or otherwise or upon termination of Tenant's right of possession, whichever shall first occur, Tenant shall surrender
possession of the premises and all keys therefor to Landlord. In such event, Tenant shall return the premises and all additions, changes,
alterations, improvements, and fixtures in as good an order and condition as when received except for ordinary wear and tear, Landlord's
repair obligation, and casualty. All obligations of either party arising during or attributable to the period ending on or before expiration
or earlier termination of this lease, and all terms and conditions expressly pertaining to obligations of either party upon or following
such expiration or earlier termination, including, without limitation, the provisions of this Article XI, shall survive such expiration
or earlier termination. 

(B) Removal of trade fixtures 

Tenant shall remove Tenant's
trade fixtures and personal property, including, without limitation, furniture, machinery, equipment, and safes, prior to the end of the
term or within ten (10) days following termination of Tenant's right of possession of the premises, whichever shall first occur. All additions,
changes, alterations, improvements, and fixtures (except such trade fixtures and personal property belonging to Tenant) in or upon the
premises, whether installed by Tenant or Landlord, shall be Landlord's property and shall remain upon the premises, all without compensation,
allowance, or credit to Tenant. 

6 

(C) Landlord may perform Tenant's
duty to remove 

If Tenant shall fail to perform
any repairs or restoration or fail to remove any items from the premises as required hereunder, Landlord may do so, and Tenant shall pay
Landlord the cost thereof upon demand. All property removed from the premises by Landlord pursuant to any provisions of this lease or
any law may be handled or stored by the Landlord at the cost and expense of the Tenant; Landlord shall, in no event, be responsible for
the value, preservation, or safekeeping thereof. Tenant shall pay Landlord for all expenses incurred by Landlord in such handling and
storage, including Landlord's reasonable storage charges for so long as the same shall be in Landlord's possession or under Landlord's
control. All property not removed from the premises or retaken from storage by Tenant within thirty (30) days after the end of the term,
or termination of Tenant's right to possession, whichever shall first occur, shall, at Landlord's option, be conclusively deemed to have
been conveyed by Tenant to Landlord as by bill of sale without further payment or credit by Landlord to Tenant. To the extent permitted
by applicable law, Landlord shall have a lien against such property for the costs incurred in removing and storing the same. 

ARTICLE XII 

 Holding Over 

Should Tenant retain possession
of the premises or any part thereof after the termination of this lease, whether by lapse of time or otherwise, Tenant shall be deemed
to be a Tenant from month to month only and subject to all other terms and conditions of this lease, except that monthly rent may be increased.
If such holding over shall not have been with Landlord's express written consent, Tenant shall also pay all damages sustained by Landlord
on account thereof. The foregoing provisions shall not serve to extend the term (although Tenant shall remain bound to comply with all
provisions of this lease until Tenant vacates the premises), and Landlord may freely pursue any right of re-entry without further notice. 

ARTICLE XIII 

 Waiver 

No provision of this lease
will be deemed waived by either party unless expressly waived in a writing signed by the waiving party. No waiver shall be implied by
delay or any other act or omission of either party. No waiver by either party of any provision of this lease shall be deemed a waiver
of such provision with respect to any subsequent matter relating to such provision; Landlord's consent or approval respecting any action
by Tenant shall not constitute a waiver of the requirement for obtaining Landlord's consent or approval respecting any subsequent such
action. Subsequent acceptance of rent or any other amounts by Landlord or his employees or agents shall not reinstate or extend the term
or Tenant's right to possession after termination of either of the same and shall not constitute a waiver of any breach by Tenant of any
term or condition of this lease, regardless of Landlord's knowledge of such breach at the time such rent is accepted. The acceptance of
rent, or of the performance of any other term or condition by any person other than Tenant, including any transferee, shall not constitute
a waiver of Landlord's right to approve any transfer. 

7 

ARTICLE XIV 

 Attorney Fees 

In the event of any litigation
between the parties, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party all reasonable attorney fees, costs, and expenses
of the prevailing party incurred in connection with such litigation, except as may be limited by applicable law. 

ARTICLE XV 

 Subordination, Attornment, and Mortgagee Protection 

(A) Subordination and nondisturbance 

Tenant agrees that this lease
is and shall be subject and subordinate to all mortgages now or hereafter placed upon the property. Tenant shall execute such documentation
as Landlord may reasonably request from time to time, in order to confirm the matters set forth in this Article XV, in recordable form. 

ARTICLE XVII 

 Assignment and Subletting 

(A) Transfers require consent 

Tenant shall not, without
the prior written consent of Landlord, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, take the following actions: 

(1) Assign,
mortgage, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, or otherwise transfer this lease or any interest hereunder; 

(2) Permit
any assignment or other such foregoing transfer of this lease or any interest hereunder by operation of law; 

(3) Sublet
the premises or any part thereof; or 

(4) Permit
the use of the premises by any persons other than Tenant and their employees (all of the foregoing are hereinafter sometimes referred
to collectively as transfers and any person to whom any transfer is made or sought to be made is hereinafter sometimes referred
to as a transferee ). 

8 

If Tenant shall desire Landlord's
consent to any transfer, Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing, which notice shall include the following information: 

(1) The
proposed effective date (which shall not be less than thirty (30) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after Tenant's notice); 

(2) The
portion of the premises to be transferred (herein called the subject space 

(3) All
of the terms of the proposed transfer and the consideration therefor, the name and address of the proposed transferee, and a copy of all
documentation pertaining to the proposed transfer; and 

(4) Any
other information to enable Landlord to determine the financial responsibility, character, and reputation of the proposed transferee,
nature of such transferee's business, proposed use of the subject space, and such other information as Landlord may reasonably require, 

Any transfer made without
Landlord's prior written consent shall, at Landlord's option, be null, void, and of no effect. 

(B) Terms
of consent 

If Landlord shall grant consent
to a transfer, the following conditions apply: 

(1) The
terms and conditions of this lease, including, among other things, Tenant's liability for the subject space, shall in no way be deemed
to have been waived or modified; 

(2) Such
consent shall not be deemed consent to any further transfer by either Tenant or transferee; 

(3) No
transferee shall succeed to any rights provided in this lease or any amendment hereto to extend the term of this lease; 

(4) Tenant
shall deliver to Landlord promptly after execution an original executed copy of all documentation pertaining to the transfer; and 

ARTICLE XVII 

 Rights Reserved by Landlord 

(A) In general 

Landlord reserves full control
over the property to the extent not inconsistent with Tenant's quiet enjoyment, use, and access to the premises as expressly provided
in this lease. 

9 

(B) Changes in property 

Landlord reserves the following
rights: 

(1) To
change the name or street address of the property; 

(2) To
install and maintain signs on the exterior and interior of the property; 

(3) To
retain at all times, and use in appropriate instances, keys to all doors within and into the premises; 

(4) To
grant easements and licenses to others only with specific approval from Tenant as to the space it occupies; and 

(5) To
maintain or create ownership interests in the property separate from fee title to the land underlying the same. 

These rights apply provided
that all of the actions permitted of Landlord under this paragraph (B) shall be exercised in a reasonable, nondiscriminatory fashion and
in a manner that will not unduly interfere with Tenant's use or enjoyment of the premises. 

(C) Entry of premises 

Landlord reserves the following
rights: 

(1) To
enter the premises at reasonable hours for reasonable purposes, including inspection; 

(2) To
show the premises to current and prospective mortgage lenders, ground lessors, insurers, and prospective purchasers and brokers at reasonable
hours during the term, with advance notice to Tenant of at least twenty-four (24) hours; 

(3) To
show the premises to prospective Tenants at reasonable hours during the last 6 months of the term; and 

(4) To
show, decorate, remodel, repair, alter, or otherwise prepare the premises, if Tenant shall vacate the same, during the last three months
of the term. 

(E) Alterations
and additions 

Landlord reserves the following
rights: 

(1) To
decorate and to make alterations, additions, and new improvements, structural or otherwise, in or to the property or any part thereof,
except to the premise leased by the Tenant. 

10 

ARTICLE XVIII 

 Landlord's Remedies 

(A) Default 

The occurrence of any one
or more of the following events shall constitute a default by Tenant, which, if not cured within any applicable time permitted
for cure below, shall give rise to Landlord's remedies set forth in paragraph (B): 

(1) Failure
by Tenant to make, when due, any payment of rent, unless such failure is cured within seven (7) days after written notice thereof by Landlord
to Tenant; 

(2) Failure
by Tenant to observe or perform any of the terms or conditions of this lease to be observed or performed by Tenant other than the payment
of rent, or as provided below, unless such failure is cured within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by Landlord to Tenant
sufficiently describing such failure to enable Tenant to determine an appropriate cure; 

(3) Abandonment
of the premises, or vacation of all or a substantial portion of the premises, for more than ten (10) consecutive days, without Landlord's
written consent; 

(4) Any
of the following conditions: 

(a) Making
by Tenant of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors; 

(b) Filing
by or against Tenant of a petition to have Tenant adjudged bankrupt or a petition for reorganization or arrangement under any law relating
to bankruptcy (unless, in the case of a petition filed against Tenant, the same is dismissed within sixty (60) days); 

(c) Appointment
of a trustee or receiver to take possession of substantially all of Tenant's assets located on the premises or of Tenant's interest in
this lease, where possession is not restored to Tenant within thirty (30) days; 

(d) Attachment,
execution, or other judicial seizure of substantially all of Tenant's assets located on the premises or of Tenant's interest in this lease; 

(e) Tenant's
convening of a meeting of its creditors or any class thereof for the purpose of effecting a moratorium upon or composition of its debts; 

(f) Tenant's
insolvency or admission of an inability to pay its debts as they mature. 

The notice and cure periods
provided herein are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any notice and cure period provided by law. 

11 

(B) Remedies 

If a default occurs and is
not cured within any applicable time permitted under paragraph (A), Landlord shall have all of the rights and remedies allowed by law,
including the right, without notice, to re-enter the premises and dispossess Tenant and the legal representative of Tenant or other occupant
of the premises by summary proceedings or otherwise and remove their effects and hold the premises as if this lease had not been made;
Tenant hereby waives the service of notice of intention to re-enter or to institute legal proceedings to that end. If Tenant shall make
default hereunder prior to the date fixed as the commencement of any extension of the term of this lease, and shall fail to cure such
default within the time provided therefor and Landlord shall thereby become entitled to and shall terminate this lease or reenter and
dispossess Tenant, then Landlord may cancel and terminate such extension by written notice. Tenant further agrees that in case of any
termination caused by a default of the Tenant, Tenant will indemnify Landlord against all loss of rents and other damage which Landlord
may incur by reason of such termination, including, but not limited to, costs of restoring and repairing the premises and putting the
same into rentable condition, loss or diminution of rents and other damage which Landlord may incur by reason of such termination, and,
to the extent permitted under the then applicable law, all reasonable attorney fees and expenses incurred in enforcing any of the terms
of this lease or any other rights or remedies of Landlord. Neither acceptance of rent by Landlord, with or without knowledge of breach,
nor failure of Landlord to take action on account of any breach hereof or to enforce his rights hereunder shall be deemed a waiver of
any breach. Absent written notice or consent, said breach shall be a continuing one. The words re-enter and reentry 
as used in this lease are not restricted to their technical legal meaning. Tenant hereby expressly waives any and all rights to recover
or regain possession of the premises or to reinstate or to redeem this lease as permitted or provided by or under any statute, law, or
decision now or hereafter in force and effect. 

(C) Other matters 

No re-entry or repossession,
repairs, changes, alterations and additions, reletting, acceptance of keys from Tenant, or any other action or omission by Landlord shall
be construed as an election by Landlord to terminate this lease or accept a surrender of the premises, nor shall the same operate to release
the Tenant, in whole or in part, from any of the Tenant's obligations hereunder, unless express written notice of such intention is sent
by Landlord or his agent to Tenant. Notices sent pursuant to this article shall be in lieu of any notices required by law. The times set
forth herein for the curing of defaults by Tenant and Landlord are of the essence of this lease. Tenant hereby irrevocably waives any
right otherwise available under any law to redeem or reinstate this lease. 

ARTICLE XIX 

 Right To Cure 

(A) Default by Landlord 

If Landlord shall fail to
perform any term or condition under this lease required to be performed by Landlord, Landlord shall not be deemed to be in default hereunder
nor subject to any claims for damages of any kind, unless such failure shall have continued for a period of thirty (30) days after written
notice thereof by Tenant to Landlord sufficiently describing such failure to enable Landlord to determine an appropriate cure. 

12 

(B) Extended period to cure
default 

The aforementioned periods
of time permitted for Landlord to cure and the periods of time permitted for Tenant to cure hereunder shall be extended if the default
cannot be cured within the time period allowed herein, except as to the payment of rent, so long as such party is diligently and continuously
attempting to cure. The cure periods shall also be extended for any period of time during which the defaulting party is delayed in, or
prevented from, curing due to fire or other casualty, or acts of God, strikes, lockouts, or other labor troubles, shortages of labor or
other personnel, shortages of equipment or materials, power shortages or outages, enactment, adoption, or promulgation of new laws, or
the application or enforcement of laws, conflicts or other difficulties in scheduling work or other matters, acts, or omissions by the
defaulting party or other persons, and other causes beyond the defaulting party's reasonable control, provided that the defaulting party
commences to cure such failure to completion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there shall be no extended period in which to cure a monetary
default. 

(C) Failure to cure 

If Landlord or Tenant shall
fail to cure within the times permitted for cure herein, Landlord and Tenant, respectively, shall be subject to such claims for damages
and remedies as may be available (subject to the other provisions of this lease), provided, however, that Tenant shall have no right of
self-help to perform repairs or any other obligation of Landlord, and shall have no right to withhold, set-off, or abate rent. 

ARTICLE XX 

 Captions, Severability, and Definitions 

(A) Captions 

The captions of the articles
and paragraphs of this lease are for convenience and easy reference only and shall not be considered or referred to in resolving questions
of construction. 

(B) Severability 

If any provision of this lease
shall be found invalid, void, illegal, or unenforceable with respect to any particular person by a court of competent jurisdiction, it
shall in no way affect, impair, or invalidate any other provisions hereof, or its enforceability with respect to any other person, the
parties hereto agreeing that they would have entered into the remaining portion of this lease notwithstanding the omission of the portion
or portions adjudged invalid, void, illegal, or unenforceable with respect to such person. 

13 

ARTICLE XXI 

 Conveyance by Landlord and Liability 

(A) Conveyance by Landlord 

In case Landlord or any successor
owner of the property or the building shall convey or otherwise dispose of any portion thereof in which the premises are located to another
person (and nothing herein shall be construed to restrict or prevent such conveyance or disposition), such other person shall, thereupon,
be and become Landlord hereunder and shall be deemed to have fully assumed and be liable for all obligations of this lease to be performed
by Landlord which first arise after the date of conveyance. Tenant shall attorn to such other person and Landlord or such successor owner
shall, from and after the date of conveyance, be free of all liabilities and obligations hereunder not then incurred. 

(B) Liability
of Landlord 

The liability of Landlord
to Tenant for any default by Landlord under this lease or arising in connection herewith or with Landlord's operation, management, leasing,
repair, renovation, alteration, or any other matter relating to the property or the premises shall be limited to the interest of Landlord
in the property. Tenant agrees to look solely to Landlord's interest in the property for the recovery of any judgment against Landlord;
Landlord shall not be personally liable for any such judgment or deficiency after execution thereon. The limitations of liability contained
in this article shall apply equally and inure to the benefit of Landlord, and his respective, present, and future beneficiaries, officers,
directors, trustees, shareholders, agents, and employees, and their respective heirs, successors, and assigns. The limitation on Landlord's
liability contained in this article shall be effective only if Landlord's equity interest in the property is not less than
20 of the fair market value of the property. For purposes hereof, equity interest shall mean the fair market value of the
property less the amount of any mortgage. 

ARTICLE XXII 

 Miscellaneous 

(A) Parties affected 

Each of the covenants and
obligations of this lease shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
guardians, custodians, successors, and assigns, subject to the provisions of Article XXII respecting transfers of this lease or Tenant's
interest herein. 

(B) Short form lease 

At the request of either party,
a memorandum of lease or short form lease will be executed and recorded. 

14 

(C) Governing law 

This lease shall be construed
in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 

(D) Quiet enjoyment 

Landlord covenants that upon
Tenant's timely payment of the rent and performance of the terms, covenants, and conditions to be performed by him hereunder, Tenant shall
peaceably and quietly have, hold, and enjoy the premises during the term subject to the terms hereof. 

ARTICLE XXIII 

 Notices 

Except as expressly provided
to the contrary in this lease, every notice or other communication to be given by either party to the other with respect hereto or to
the premises or property shall be in writing and shall not be effective for any purpose unless the same shall be served personally, or
by national air courier service, or United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed,
if to Tenant, at the premises, and if to Landlord, at the address at which the last payment of rent was made or required to be made or
such other address or addresses as Tenant or Landlord may from time to time designate by notice given as above provided. Every notice
or other communication hereunder shall be deemed to have been given as of the third business day following the date of such mailing, or
immediately if personally delivered. Notices not sent in accordance with the foregoing shall be of no force or effect until received by
the parties at such addresses required herein. 

ARTICLE XXIV 

 Real Estate Brokers 

Each party represents to the
other that it has not dealt with any broker in connection with this lease, except to Coldwell Banker who represents the Landlord, and
agrees to indemnify and hold the other party harmless from all damages, judgments, liabilities, and expenses (including reasonable attorney
fees) arising from any claims or demands of any broker or finder with whom it has dealt for any commission or fee alleged to be due such
broker or finder in connection with its participation in the procurement or negotiation of this lease. 

ARTICLE XXV 

 Entire Agreement 

This lease, together with
all exhibits (WHICH COLLECTIVELY ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED WHERE REFERRED TO HEREIN AND MADE A PART HEREOF AS THOUGH FULLY SET FORTH), contain
all the terms and conditions between Landlord and Tenant relating to the matters set forth herein and no prior or contemporaneous agreement
or understanding pertaining to the same shall be of any force or effect, except any such contemporaneous agreement specifically referring
to and modifying this lease signed by both parties. This lease may not be modified except in writing signed by both parties. 

15 

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness
the signatures of the parties hereto by their duly authorized representatives on the day and year first above written. 

LANDLORD: 

Kell Properties, LLC 

/s/ Jeff Kell 

 Jeff Kell, Member 

TENANT: 

VBH Frankfort LLC 

/s/ Samuel Kesaris 

 Samuel Kesaris, Manager 

16 

LEASE ASSIGNMENT 
(Substitute Tenant) 

This Assignment (this Assignment is entered into as of April 5, 2021 , by and between VBH Frankfort LLC , a Nevada limited liability company Assignor ),
and VBH Kentucky Inc. , a Nevada corporation Assignee ), with the consent of Kell Properties, LLC , a
Kentucky limited liability company Landlord ). Each of Assignor, Assignee, and Landlord may be referred to herein
as a Party or collectively as the Parties . 

WHEREAS , Landlord
is the owner of the real property known and designated as Units B, C, and D of 915 Leawood Drive, Frankfort, Franklin County, Kentucky 
(the Property ); 

WHEREAS, Assignor is the current
tenant of the Property pursuant to an Office Lease between Landlord and Assignor, dated November 18, 2020 (the Lease ); 

WHEREAS, Assignor desires
to assign its entire right, title, and interest in and to the Lease to Assignee, and Assignee intends to assume such right, title, and
interest in and to the Lease; and 

WHEREAS, Landlord intends
to consent to the assumption of the Lease by Assignee and forever release and discharge Assignor from any and all rights and obligations
under the Lease. 

NOW, THEREFORE , for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

1. Each
of the foregoing recitals is an integral part of this Assignment and is binding upon the Parties as if set forth below in full. 

2. Assignor
hereby assigns all of its right, title, and interest in and to the Lease and the leased Property to Assignee on an as-is, where-is 
basis, inclusive of any security deposits, prepayments of rents, rights of abatement, or other financial rights (the Financial
Rights ). 

3. Assignor
makes no representations or warranties to any Party concerning the title, condition, or fitness of the Property for any use or as to the
existence of any known or unknown adverse third-party claims against the Lease or Property. 

4. Assignee
hereby assumes all of Assignor s right, title, and interest in and to the Lease, the leased Property, and the Financial Rights,
inclusive of all outstanding rents, maintenance costs, and utility fees that are the current obligation of Assignor under the Lease. 

5. Landlord
hereby consents to this Assignment, the substitution of Assignee as the tenant under the Lease, and the full release and discharge of
Assignor under the Lease and agrees to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

6. Each
Party agrees to timely execute any and all papers and documents and do all other and further lawful acts that are necessary to give effect
to the intent of this Assignment. 

17 

7. This
Assignment, and all of the assignments, rights, and obligations conveyed hereunder, shall have an effective date of April 1, 2021 . 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have executed this Assignment as of the date first set forth above. 

ASSIGNOR 
 
 VBH FRANKFORT LLC 
 by its Sole Member, 
 
 Vital Behavioral Health Inc., 
 a Nevada corporation 

By: /s/ Samuel Kesaris 
 Name: Samuel Kesaris 
 Title: President 
 
 ASSIGNEE 
 
 VBH KENTUCKY INC. 

By: /s/ Samuel Kesaris 
 Name: Samuel Kesaris 
 Title: President 

Reviewed, agreed, and accepted by: 

LANDLORD 

KELL PROPERTIES LLC 

By: /s/ Jeff Kell 

 Name: Jeff Kell 

 Title: Member 

19 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES 

 OF 

 UPD HOLDING CORP., 

 A NEVADA CORPORATION 

Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
or Organization 
 
 Ownership 

Vital Behavioral Health Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 

iMetabolic Corp. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 

United Product Development Corp. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 

SUBSIDIARIES 

 OF 

 VITAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH INC., 

 A NEVADA CORPORATION 

Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
or Organization 
 
 Ownership 

VBH Kentucky Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 95 

VSL Frankfort LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 

VBH Garden Grove Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 

VBH Frankfort LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR 15D-14 OF
THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mark W. Conte, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UPD Holding Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 /s/ Mark W. Conte 

Mark W. Conte 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR 15D-14 OF
THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, Mark Conte, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UPD Holding Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 /s/ Mark W. Conte 

Mark W. Conte 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Annual
Report of UPD Holding Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 /s/ Mark W. Conte 

Mark W. Conte 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Mark W. Conte 

Chief Financial Officer 

 Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 updc-20210630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 updc-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 updc-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 updc-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

