<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211216_10-K_edgar_data_1045942_0001851734-21-000150.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6818809</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253328</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1112043</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1851406</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1727465</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1695676</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001851734-21-000150.hdr.sgml : 20211216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211215213953
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001851734-21-000150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Track Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001045942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				870543981
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23153
		FILM NUMBER:		211495791

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. 5TH AVENUE SUITE 100
		CITY:			NAPERVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60563
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-260-2010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. 5TH AVENUE SUITE 100
		CITY:			NAPERVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60563

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SecureAlert, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100216

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REMOTE MDX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VOLU SOL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970910

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001851734-21-000150.txt : 20211216

10-K
 1
 trkg20210930_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

trkg20210930_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ___________ 

Commission file number : 
 
 TRACK GROUP, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the closing price on March 31, 2021 was approximately million. As of December 1, 2021, there were shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 None. 

Table of Contents 

Track Group, Inc. FORM 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 202 1 INDEX 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 16 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 27 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 28 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 33 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 37 

Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 

Signatures 
 40 

-i-

Table of Contents 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), relating to our operations, results of operations, and other matters that are based on our current expectations, estimates, assumptions, and projections. Words such as may will , should , likely , anticipates , expects , intends , plans , projects , believes , estimates , and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that might not prove to be accurate. Actual outcomes and results could differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties, and other factors that might cause such differences, some of which could be material, include, but are not limited to the factors discussed under the section of this Annual Report entitled Risk Factors . 

-ii-

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Track Group, Inc., (the Company , we , us , and our ), a Delaware corporation since 2016 and previously incorporated in 1995 as a Utah corporation, has its principal place of business at 200 E. 5th Avenue Suite 100, Naperville, Illinois 60563. Our telephone number is (877) 260-2010. We maintain a corporate website at www.trackgrp.com. Our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ), is currently listed for quotation on the OTCQX Premier Marketplace OTCQX under the symbol TRCK . Unless specified otherwise, as used in this Annual Report, references to Track Group, Inc. include the Company and its subsidiaries: Track Group Americas, Inc., a Utah corporation; Track Group Puerto Rico, Inc., a Puerto Rico corporation; Emerge Monitoring, Inc., a Florida corporation; Emerge Monitoring II LLC, a Florida limited liability company; Integrated Monitoring Systems, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company; Track Group Chile S.p.A, a corporation formed under the laws of the Republic of Chile; Track Group Analytics Limited, a corporation formed under the laws of Canada; and, Track Group International Ltd., a company formed under the laws of Israel (collectively, the Subsidiaries ). 
 
 Company Background 
 
 The Company designs, manufactures, and markets location tracking devices and develops and sells a variety of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions, and monitoring applications. Our products and services include a full-range of one-piece GPS tracking devices, a device-agnostic operating system, a portfolio of software applications including smartphone, alcohol and predictive analytics, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Our products and services are currently available worldwide and are sold through our direct sales force, as well as through value-added resellers. The Company sells to government customers on federal, state and local levels in the U.S. and to members of the Ministry of Justice (MOJ) internationally. Track Group s device-agnostic platform and expanded portfolio of integrated and complimentary monitoring-related services help reduce risk and make the administration of justice better, faster, and less expensive for taxpayers. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 We are committed to helping our customers improve offender rehabilitation and re-socialization outcomes through our innovative hardware, software, and services. We treat our business as a service business. Although we still manufacture patented tracking technology, we see the physical goods as only a small part of the integrated offender monitoring solutions we provide. Accordingly, rather than receiving a payment just for a piece of manufactured equipment, the Company receives a recurring stream of revenue for ongoing device agnostic subscription contracts. As part of our strategy, we continue to expand our device-agnostic platform to not only collect, but also store, analyze, assess and correlate location data for both accountability and auditing reasons, as well as to use for predictive analytics and assessment of effective and emerging techniques in criminal behavior and rehabilitation. We believe a high-quality customer experience with knowledgeable salespersons who can convey the value of our products and services greatly enhances our ability to attract and retain customers. Therefore, our strategy also includes building and expanding our own direct sales force and our third-party distribution network to effectively reach more customers and provide them with a world-class sales and post-sales support experience. In addition, we are developing related-service offerings to address adjacent market opportunities in both the public and private sectors. We believe continual investment in research and development R D ), including smartphone applications and other monitoring services is critical to the development and sale of innovative technologies and integrated solutions today and in the future. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted both the Company s revenue and costs by disrupting its operations in Chile, causing shortages within the supply chain and postponing sales opportunities as some government agencies delay new RFP (Request for Proposal) processes. (See Item 1A - Risk Factors ). Notwithstanding the challenges, the monitoring being performed by the Company s significant customers across the globe have remained operational as have key business partners providing manufacturing and call center services. Furthermore, at this time, the Company has not experienced unusual payment interruptions from any large customers and the majority of Company employees have effectively worked from home to mitigate the challenges created by COVID-19. As the conditions have improved with respect to COVID-19, both our Chile office and the corporate headquarters in the greater-Chicago area have recently reopened. However, the Company is operating in a rapidly changing environment so the extent to which COVID-19 impacts its business, operations and financial results from this point forward will depend on numerous evolving factors that the Company cannot accurately predict. Those factors include the following: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; the widespread availability and acceptance of COVID vaccines; the ability of our supply chain to meet the Company s need for equipment; the ability to sell and provide services and solutions if shelter in place restrictions and people working from home are extended to ensure employee safety; the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates and the subsequent effect on international transactions; any closures of clients offices or the courts on which they rely and any requirements imposed by customers regarding the vaccination status of those Company employees, contractors or partners who are assisting those customers in running their programs. 

-1-

Table of Contents 

Chilean Prison System 
 
 The Company previously disclosed on May 7, 2020 that the Chilean Prison System GENCHI ), which has been our customer since 2014, had notified the Company of its decision to award a new contract to a competitor of the Company. Subsequently, since the competitor did not proceed to sign the contract in due time, GENCHI rescinded the prior award to the competitor and re-awarded the Company with a new contract for forty-one months. The Company signed the new contract on July 30, 2020 and the Contraloria General de la Republica de Chile approved the new contract on October 1, 2020. As a result, the Company completed construction of a new monitoring center in Santiago, Chile and expects a back-up monitoring center in Southern Chile required by the new contract to be completed in December 2021. GENCHI will commence implementation of the new contract shortly after the completion of the back-up center. 
 
 Conrent Facility Agreement 
 
 On October 21, 2020, the Company requested, in writing, an additional extension to the maturity date of that certain facility agreement between the Company and Conrent Invest, S.A. Conrent "), dated December 30, 2013, as amended on February 24, 2019, and further amended on January 7, 2020 (the "Amended Facility Agreement "), which previously provided for a 30.4 million unsecured debt facility. On November 25, 2020, the investors who owned the securities from Conrent used to finance the facility (the " Noteholders ") held a meeting to address the Company s request and approved a new maturity date of July 1, 2024. On December 21, 2020, Conrent and the Company signed an amendment to the Amended Facility Agreement (the " Amended Facility ") which extends the maturity date of the agreement to July 1, 2024, capitalizes the accrued and unpaid interest increasing the outstanding principal amount and reduces the interest rate of the Amended Facility from 8 to 4 . On June 28, 2021, the Company restarted interest payments to Conrent under the Amended Facility which will be made semi-annually going forward. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Certification of ReliAlert XC4 
 
 The Company s new flagship device, the ReliAlert XC4, was certified in the fourth quarter of calendar 2020 by the Federal Communications Commission and PTCRB, which was established in 1997 as the certification forum by select North American cellular operators and is designed to operate on both the AT T and Verizon networks. The Company commenced deployment of the new LTE device into certain markets in North America. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 Devices 
 
 ReliAlert XC 4 
 
 ReliAlert XC4 is our flagship GPS device, which is the safest and most reliable monitoring device ever made. It is the only one-piece GPS device with patented 3-way voice communication to assist intervention efforts, now on the LTE network with increased battery life. This device includes on-board processing, secondary location technology, a 95db siren, embedded RF technology, anti-tampering capability, increased battery life and sleep mode. 
 
 ReliAlert -XC 3 
 Advanced features enable agencies to effectively track offender movements and communicate directly with offenders in real-time, through a patented, on-board two/three-way voice communication technology. This device includes an enhanced GPS antenna and GPS module for higher sensitivity GPS, enhanced voice audio quality, increased battery performance of 50+ hours, 3G cellular capabilities, improved tamper sensory, and durability enhancements. 
 
 Shadow 
 Driven by customer demand to improve the performance and affordability of offender tracking devices, Shadow is the smallest and lightest device of its kind with a sleek, modern design featuring an enhanced mobile charging capability that makes it easier to use. The device is 3G compliant and fully supported by all global mobility providers. 
 
 Operating System Software 
 
 IntelliTrack 
 IntelliTrack is a secure state of the art device-agnostic platform that provides the foundation for seamlessly and securely connecting devices, delivering trusted data to the cloud, with views of current or historical tracking provided by Google Maps TM for use with predictive analytics. 

-2-

Table of Contents 

TrackerPAL 
 TrackerPAL is a secure, cloud-based monitoring system that gives customers the ability to not only collect, but also store, analyze, assess and correlate offender data for both accountability and auditing reasons, as well as to use with predictive analytics applications and assess criminal behavior and rehabilitation opportunities. 
 
 Application Software 
 
 IntelliTrack Mobile 
 A mobile application of the Intellitrack software is available for Android and iOS devices. 
 
 TrackerPAL Mobile 
 A mobile application of the TrackerPAL software is available for Android and iOS devices. 
 
 Data Analytics 
 Our data analytics services help facilitate the discovery and communication of meaningful patterns in diverse location and behavioral data that helps agencies reduce risks and improve decision making. Our analytics applications use various combinations of statistical analysis procedures, data and text mining, and predictive modeling to proactively analyze information on community-released offenders to discover hidden relationships and patterns in their behaviors and to predict future outcomes. 
 
 Real-Time Alcohol Monitoring 
 BACtrack is the world s first smartphone-based remote alcohol monitoring system. The award-winning BACtrack Mobile integrates a smartphone app and police-grade breathalyzer branded for the Company to bring blood-alcohol content BAC wirelessly to a mobile device. We can quickly and easily estimate an enrollee s BAC and track the results over time. The smartphone monitoring application allows supervisors to send scheduled or random notifications to enrollees to take BAC tests, providing photo/location-verified and time stamped results. It also includes an onboard calendar, reminding an enrollee of court dates, testing dates, medications to take, mandatory events to attend, and other matters. 
 
 Empower 
 Our Empower Smartphone Application provides victim and survivor support by creating a mobile geo-zone around a survivor of domestic abuse and communicates with the offender s tracking device providing an early-warning notification to the survivor if he or she is in proximity of the offender or group of offenders. 
 
 InTouch 
 InTouch is a smartphone monitoring and supervision application specifically designed for the criminal justice market to compliment traditional Electronic Monitoring Solutions; offering a step-up / step-down option from location monitoring bracelets for community supervised populations. 
 
 Accessories 
 
 SecureCuff 
 The SecureCuff is a patented, optional accessory available exclusively for ReliAlert and is the only uncuttable strap in the industry specifically made for high-risk offenders. SecureCuff has encased, hardened steel bands that provide extreme cut-resistance and includes the same fiber-optic technology as the standard strap for tampering notification. 
 
 RF Beacon 
 The RF Beacon is a completely self-contained, short-range transmitting station that provides a Radio Frequency (RF) signal communicating with assigned offender GPS devices to increase the ability to maintain critical offender location information and provide agencies with an effective way to more accurately tether an offender to a specific location. 

-3-

Table of Contents 

Product Support and Services 
 
 Monitoring Centers 
 Our monitoring centers provide live 24/7/365 monitoring of all alarms generated from our devices, as well as customer and technical support. Our monitoring center operators play a vital role, and as such, are staffed with highly trained, bi-lingual individuals. These operators act as an extension of agency resources receiving alarms, communicating and intervening with offenders regarding violations, and interacting with supervision staff, all pursuant to agency-established protocols. The facilities have redundant power source, battery backup and triple redundancy in voice, data, and IP. We have assisted in the establishment of monitoring centers for customers and local partners in the United States, Chile and other global locations. 
 
 Customer Care 
 We offer a range of support options for our customers. These include assistance that is built into software products, printed and electronic product manuals, in-person training, online support including comprehensive product information, as well as technical assistance. 
 
 Research and Development Program 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we incurred research and development expense of 1,548,527, as compared to 1,182,542 recognized during fiscal year 2020. The 365,985 increase in research and development cost reflects higher wages and payroll taxes of 363,537 as a result of the completion of our new technology platform and higher dues and subscriptions of 18,240, partially offset by lower travel and entertainment of 24,651. The Company completed its new technology platform during fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, which has been rolled out to the majority of its U.S. customers. The Company has now significantly enhanced its technology platform to improve the efficiency of its software, firmware, user interface, and automation. As a result of these improvements, 1,349,550 was capitalized as developed technology during the year ended September 30, 2021. A portion of this expense would have been recognized as research and development expense, absent the significant enhancements to the technology. This represented a decrease of 164,932 compared to the 1,514,482 capitalized as developed technology during the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The markets for our products and services are highly competitive and we are confronted by aggressive competition in all areas of our business. These markets are characterized by frequent product introductions and technological advances. Our competitors selling tracking devices have aggressively cut prices and lowered their product margins to gain or maintain market share. Our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide downward pressures on gross margins. Principal competitive factors important to us include price, product features, relative price/performance, product quality and reliability, design innovation, a strong software ecosystem, service and support, and corporate reputation. 
 
 Our specific competitors vary from market to market and we compete against other international, national and regional companies, some of whom use local partners that may have more knowledge of the local markets and the government decision making process. Some of our competitors are owned by large public companies with broader resources, while others are backed by private equity firms with large funds, or in some cases, work as part of a consortium with extensive international experience. We expect competition in these markets to intensify as competitors attempt to imitate some of the features of our products and applications within their own products or, alternatively, collaborate with third-party providers to offer solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer. 
 
 Competitive Strengths 
 
 Relationships with High-Quality Government Customers. We have developed strong relationships with federal, state and county customers within the United States and with Ministries of Justice internationally and managed to bring in new, sizable customers in the past year. 
 
 Industry Leading Analytics Software. Our software remains a leader with fully functioning, revenue-generating analytics on the market today, specifically designed for the offender monitoring market . State departments of corrections, county probation agencies and Sheriff s offices have utilized this solution for multiple years. 

-4-

Table of Contents 

Device Agnostic Software Platform. Our software platform is device agnostic and currently accommodates offender monitoring of new products that we introduce, integrates with case management software utilized by sheriff, probation and pre-trial departments, and adds devices manufactured by competitors. 
 
 Smartphone Monitoring Pioneers in Criminal Justice. Today s prison system incarcerates too many individuals who pose little threat to public safety, at far too great a cost. They serve their sentences in overcrowded, outdated institutions that expose them to hardened criminals. Upon release, their opportunities and lives have changed forever. Now, low-risk offender populations can serve their sentences virtually, holding jobs and taking care of family members, yet still feeling the weight of their punishment while seeing a clear path to avoiding trouble in the future. Further, taxpayers gain a clear cost advantage. To date, we have developed apps targeting alcohol monitoring, domestic violence and our core monitoring platform. 
 
 Experienced Senior Management Team. Our top executives have extensive experience in both the offender monitoring marketplace and their specific fields of expertise, whether that be sales, customer care and/or technology. We also benefit from a diverse and experienced Board of Directors. 
 
 Recurring Revenue. Our revenue is generated in large part by long-term customer contracts based on the size of the offender monitoring program throughout each month, which creates a predictable, recurring revenue stream. 
 
 Extensive Product Suite. We have a large variety of products that appeal to a broad range of government customers and greatly enhance our ability to attract and retain clients. These products include different GPS devices, alcohol monitoring devices and applications, and new smartphone applications including those that address adjacent market opportunities in both the public and private sectors and analytics software. 
 
 National Footprint with International Presence. We operate in approximately 37 states as well as select international locations, including Chile, Puerto Rico, Saudi Arabia and Bahamas. Our presence both within the United States and abroad better positions us to compete for new and expiring government contracts. 
 
 Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 
 
 We use various suppliers and contract manufacturers to supply parts and components for the manufacture and support of our product lines. Although our intention is to establish at least two sources of supply for materials whenever possible, for certain components we have sole or limited source supply arrangements. We may not be able to procure these components from alternative sources at acceptable prices and quality within a reasonable time, or at all; therefore, the risk of loss or interruption of such arrangements could impact our ability to deliver certain products on a timely basis. 
 
 The industry in which the Company operates, as well as many other industries (automotive, consumer products and medical devices), have been impacted by the global semiconductor shortage initially caused by the slowdown of many chip makers and logistics companies due to COVID-19. See Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 
 Dependence on Major Customers 
 
 We had sales to two entities that each represent 10 or more of our gross revenue, as follows for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively: 

2021 

2020 

Customer A 

6,155,718 

16 

6,374,742 

19 

Customer B 

6,119,965 

15 

452,904 

1 

Customer C 

2,845,655 

7 

3,710,759 

11 

Customer D 

2,833,972 

7 

2,561,537 

8 

No other customer represented more than 10 of our total revenue for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 or 2020. 

-5-

Table of Contents 

Concentration of credit risk associated with our total and outstanding accounts receivable as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are shown in the table below: 

2021 

2020 

Customer A 

1,150,046 

16 

536,587 

10 

Customer B 

1,052,538 

15 

410,933 

7 

Customer C 

375,526 

5 

374,809 

7 

Customer D 

753,618 

11 

494,237 

9 

Dependence on Major Suppliers 
 
 We purchase cellular services from several major suppliers. The cost to us for these services during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 1,943,956 and 2,033,487, respectively. The 4 decrease in cellular service expense in 2021 compared to 2020 resulted largely due to lower negotiated communication costs. 
 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, we also purchased a significant portion of our inventory and monitoring equipment from certain suppliers. The cost of these purchases during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 2,898,266 and 1,275,839, respectively. The increase in monitoring equipment was largely due to purchases in fiscal 2021 related to our newest 4G LTE device, which was introduced to customers in the first fiscal quarter of 2021. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We currently hold rights to patents and copyrights relating to certain aspects of our hardware devices, accessories, software and services. We have registered or applied for trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and a number of foreign countries. Although we believe the ownership of such patents, copyrights, trademarks and service marks is an important factor in our business and that our success does depend in part on the ownership thereof, we rely primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of our personnel. 
 
 We file patent applications as needed to protect innovations arising from our research, development and design, and are currently pursuing numerous patent applications around the world. Over time, we have accumulated a large portfolio of issued patents around the world. We hold copyrights relating to certain aspects of our products and services. No single patent or copyright is solely responsible for protecting our products. We believe that the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products. 
 
 Many of our products are designed to include intellectual property obtained from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, processes and services. Although we have generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses can be obtained in the future on reasonable terms, or at all. Because of technological changes in the industries in which we compete, current extensive patent coverage and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible that certain components of our products, processes and services may unknowingly infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, we have been notified that we may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 
 Trademarks. We have developed and use trademarks in our business, particularly relating to our corporate and product names. We own nine trademarks that are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, plus one trademark registered in Mexico and one in Canada. In addition, we have the Track Group trademark and design registered in various countries around the world. 
 
 We will file additional applications for the registration of our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions as our business expands under current and planned distribution arrangements. Protection of registered trademarks in some jurisdictions may not be as extensive as the protection provided by registration in the United States. 

-6-

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our trademark registrations: 

Application 

Registration 
 
 Status/ 

Trademark 
 
 Number 

Number 
 
 Next Action 

Mobile911 Siren with 2-Way Voice Communication Design 
 
 76/013886 

2595328 
 
 Registered 

TrackerPAL 
 
 78/843035 

3345878 
 
 Registered 

Mobile911 
 
 78/851384 

3212937 
 
 Registered 

TrackerPAL 
 
 CA 1315487 

TMA 749417 
 
 Registered 

TrackerPAL 
 
 MX 805365 

960954 
 
 Registered 

ReliAlert 
 
 85/238049 

4200738 
 
 Registered 

SecureCuff 
 
 85/626037 

4271621 
 
 Registered 

TrackGroup 
 
 86/301716 

4701636 
 
 Registered 

Track Group and Design 
 
 86/469103 

4793747 
 
 Registered 

Track Group and Design 
 
 MP 1257077 

1257077 
 
 Registered 

V-TRCK 
 
 87/151142 

5330916 
 
 Registered 

Track Group 
 
 90/245541 

6408353 
 
 Registered 

Track Group and Design is also a registered trademark in the following countries: Europe, Switzerland, Mexico, Canada and Chile. 
 
 Patents . We have 12 patents issued in the United States. At foreign patent offices, we have 8 patents issued and 1 patent pending. 
 
 The following tables summarize information regarding our patents and patent applications. There are no assurances given that the pending applications will be granted or that they will, if granted, contain all of the claims currently included in the applications. 

Application 

US Patents 
 Serial No. 
 Date Filed 
 Patent No. 
 
 Issue Date 

Remote Tracking and Communication Device 
 11/202427 
 10-Aug-05 
 
 7330122 
 
 12-Feb-08 

Remote Tracking and Communications Device 
 12/028088 
 8-Feb-08 
 
 7804412 
 
 28-Sep-10 

Remote Tracking and Communications Device 
 12/875988 
 3-Sep-10 
 
 8031077 
 
 4-Oct-11 

Alarm and Alarm Management System for Remote Tracking Devices 
 11/486992 
 14-Jul-06 
 
 7737841 
 
 15-Jun-10 

Alarm and Alarm Management System for Remote Tracking Devices 
 12/792572 
 2-Jun-10 
 
 8013736 
 
 6-Sep-11 

A Remote Tracking Device and a System and Method for Two-Way Voice Communication Between the Device and a Monitoring Center 
 11/486989 
 14-Jul-06 
 
 8797210 
 
 5-Aug-14 

A Remote Tracking Device and a System and Method for 
 14/323831 
 3-Jul-14 
 
 9491289 
 
 8-Nov-16 

Two-Way Voice Communication Between the Device and a Monitoring Center 

A Remote Tracking System with a Dedicated Monitoring Center 
 11/486976 
 14-Jul-06 
 
 7936262 
 
 3-May-11 

Remote Tracking System and Device with Variable Sampling 
 11/486991 
 14-Jul-06 
 
 7545318 
 
 9-Jun-09 

and Sending Capabilities Based on Environmental Factors 

Tracking Device Incorporating Enhanced Security Mounting Strap 
 12/818453 
 18-Jun-10 
 
 8514070 
 
 20-Aug-13 

Tracking Device Incorporating Cuff with Cut Resistant Materials 
 14/307260 
 17-Jun-14 
 
 9129504 
 
 8-Sep-15 

A System and Method for Monitoring Individuals Using a Beacon and Intelligent Remote Tracking Device 
 12/399151 
 6-Mar-09 
 
 8232876 
 
 31-Jul-12 

Application 

International Patents 
 
 Serial No. 
 
 Date Filed 
 Patent No. 
 
 Issue Date 

Remote Tracking and Communication Device - Canada 

2617923 
 
 4-Feb-08 
 
 2617923 
 
 7-Jun-16 

Remote Tracking and Communication Device - Mexico 
 
 MX/a/2008/001932 
 
 8-Feb-08 
 
 278405 
 
 24-Aug-10 

Secure Strap Mounting System for an Offender Tracking 

10009091.9 
 
 1-Sep-10 

Pending 

Device - EPO 

Secure Strap Mounting System for an Offender Tracking 
 
 MX/a/2011/002283 
 
 28-Feb-11 
 
 319057 
 
 4-Apr-14 

Device - Mexico 

Secure Strap Mounting System for an Offender Tracking 

2732654 
 
 23-Feb-11 
 
 2732654 
 
 1-May-18 

Device - Canada 

A System and Method for Monitoring Individuals Using a 

2717866 
 
 3-Sep-10 
 
 2717866 
 
 17-May-16 

Beacon and Intelligent Remote Tracking Device - Canada 

A System and Method for Monitoring Individuals Using a 

09 716 860.3 
 
 6-Oct-10 
 
 2260482 
 
 9-Jan-13 

Beacon and Intelligent Remote Tracking Device - EPO 

A System and Method for Monitoring Individuals Using a 
 
 Refer to EP Patent # 2260482 

Beacon and Intelligent Remote Tracking Device - United Kingdom 

A System and Method for Monitoring Individuals Using a Beacon and Intelligent Remote Tracking Device - Mexico 
 
 MX/a/2010/009680 
 
 2-Sep-10 
 
 306920 
 
 22-Jan-13 

-7-

Table of Contents 

Trade Secrets . We own certain intellectual property, including trade secrets, which we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality agreements with employees and other parties. Even where these agreements exist, there can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known to or independently developed by competitors. 
 
 We intend to protect our legal rights concerning intellectual property by all appropriate legal action. Consequently, we may become involved from time to time in litigation to determine the enforceability, scope, and validity of any of the foregoing proprietary rights. Any patent litigation could result in substantial cost and divert the efforts of management and technical personnel. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. 
 
 Currently, we are not involved in any pending or, to our knowledge, threatened governmental proceedings, which would require curtailment of our operations because of such laws and regulations. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Given the consistency in recurring domestic monitoring revenue by customers throughout fiscal 2021, we detected no apparent seasonality in our business. However, as in previous years, incremental domestic device deployment opportunities typically slow down in the months of July and August. We believe this is due to the unavailability of judicial and corrections officials who observe a traditional vacation season during this period. In addition, the operation in Chile generally lowers around Christmas time due to the courts willingness to permit offenders being monitored to visit family. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 1, 2021, we had 149 full-time employees and 10 part-time employees. None of the employees are represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced a work stoppage and management believes that relations with employees are good. 
 
 Additional Available Information 
 
 We make available, free of charge, at our corporate website (www.trackgrp.com) copies of our annual reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and all amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We also provide copies of our Forms 8-K, 10-K, 10-Q, and proxy statements at no charge to investors upon request. 
 
 All reports filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to significant risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before you decide to invest in our Common Stock. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occur, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially harmed, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect us; however, they may not be the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware or currently deem immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligations to update any risk factors. 

-8-

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry 
 
 We face risks related to our substantial indebtedness, including risk related to the repayment of our indebtedness. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, excluding deferred financing costs, we had 44,376,078 of indebtedness outstanding, of which 526,134 becomes due and payable within the next 12 months and 42,864,000 which matures on July 1, 2024. We have 459,086 of interest accrued at September 30, 2021 related to our outstanding indebtedness. Our significant indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, make interest payments as they come due, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and prevent us from meeting our obligations under our outstanding debt instruments. See Recent Developments and Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Our high degree of leverage could have adverse consequences to us, including: 

making it more difficult for us to make payments on our debt; 

increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; 

requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities; 

restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; and 

limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may be less highly leveraged. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. While we are currently reviewing all options regarding our indebtedness, no assurances can be given that we will be successful in refinancing, extending or restructuring the debt, and we cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 
 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. 
 
 These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity difficulties and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or the proceeds that we realize from them may not be adequate to meet the debt service obligations then due. 
 
 There is no certainty that the market will continue to accept or expand the use of our products and services. 
 
 Our targeted markets may be slow to, or may never, expand the use of our products or services. Governmental organizations may not use our products unless they determine, based on experience, advertising or other factors, that our products are a preferable alternative to other available methods of tracking or incarceration. In addition, decisions to adopt new tracking devices can be influenced by government administrators, regulatory factors, and other factors largely outside of our control. No assurance can be given that key decision-makers will continue to accept or expand the use of our products, and if they do not, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

-9-

Table of Contents 

Budgetary issues faced by government agencies could adversely impact our future revenue. 
 
 Our revenue is primarily derived from contracts with state, local and county government agencies in the United States and governments of Caribbean and Latin American nations. Many of these government agencies are experiencing budget deficits and may continue to do so. As a result, we may experience delays in payment on customer invoices, the amount spent by our current clients on equipment and services that we supply may be reduced or grow at rates slower than anticipated, and it may be more difficult to attract additional government clients. In light of the recent hurricanes, and the destruction sustained by many Caribbean countries, this is of increasing risk. Furthermore, the industry has experienced a general decline in average daily lease rates for GPS tracking devices. As a result of these factors, our ability to maintain or increase our revenue may be negatively affected. 
 
 We rely on significant suppliers for key products and cellular access. If we do not renew these agreements when they expire, we may not continue to have access to these suppliers products or services at favorable prices or in volumes as we have in the past, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We have entered into agreements with several national providers for cellular services. We also currently rely on a single source for the large majority of the manufacturing of our devices. If any of these significant suppliers were to cease providing products or services to us, we would be required to seek alternative sources. No assurances can be given that alternate sources could be located or that the delay or additional expense associated with locating alternative sources for these products or services would not materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Our research, development, marketing and export activities are subject to government regulations. The cost of compliance or the failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 There can be no assurance that changes in the legal or regulatory framework or other subsequent developments will not result in limitation, suspension or revocation of regulatory approvals granted to us. Any such events, were they to occur, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are required to comply with regulations for manufacturing and export practices, which mandate procedures for extensive control and documentation of product design, control and validation of the manufacturing process and overall product quality. If we, our management or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulations regarding these manufacturing practices, we could be subject to a number of sanctions, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of market approval, seizures or recalls of product, operating restrictions and, in some cases, criminal prosecutions. 
 
 We face intense competition, including competition from entities that are more established and may have greater financial resources than we do, which may make it difficult for us to establish and maintain a viable market presence. 
 
 Our current and expected markets are rapidly changing. Although we believe our technology has advantages over competing systems, there can be no assurance that those advantages are significant. Many of our competitors have products or techniques approved or in development and operate large, well-funded research and development programs in the field. Moreover, competitors may be in the process of developing technology that could be developed more quickly or ultimately be more effective than our products. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not develop more effective or more affordable products or achieve earlier patent protection or product commercialization. 
 
 We are dependent upon certain customers, the loss of which may adversely affect our results of operations and business condition. 
 
 During fiscal year 2021, our two top customers accounted for an aggregate of 31 of total sales. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Our business plan is subject to the risks of technological uncertainty, which may result in our products failing to be competitive or readily accepted by our target markets. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our research and development efforts will be successful. In addition, the technology that we integrate or that we may expect to integrate with our product and service offerings is rapidly changing and developing. We face risks associated with the possibility that our technology may not function as intended and the possible obsolescence of our technology and the risks of delay in the further development of our own technologies. Cellular coverage is not uniform throughout our current and targeted markets. GPS technology depends upon line-of-sight access to satellite signals used to locate the user, which, under some circumstances, may limit the effectiveness of GPS tracking. In addition, the telecommunications industry continually updates its networks and technology which then requires the Company to update its devices to ensure compatibility with the new networks as will happen in the first quarter of calendar year 2022 with the transition from 3G to 5G technology by telecommunications carriers in the US. 

-10-

Table of Contents 

We face risks of litigation and regulatory investigation and actions in connection with our operations. 
 
 Lawsuits, including regulatory actions, may seek recovery of large, indeterminate amounts or otherwise limit our operations, and their existence and magnitude may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Relevant authorities in the markets in which we operate may investigate us in the future. These investigations may result in significant penalties in multiple jurisdictions, and we may become involved in disputes with private parties seeking compensation for damages resulting from the relevant violations. Such legal liability or regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and credibility. In addition, our business activities are subject to various governmental regulations in countries where we operate, which include investment approvals, export regulations, tariffs, antitrust, anti-bribery, intellectual property, consumer and business taxation, foreign trade, exchange controls, and environmental and recycling requirements. These regulations limit, and other new or amended regulations may further limit, our business activities or increase operating costs. In addition, the enforcement of such regulations, including the imposition of fines or surcharges for violation of such regulations, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and credibility. 
 
 Our products are subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with the protection of intellectual property and related proprietary rights. 
 
 We believe that our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and enforce patents, maintain trade secrets and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others, both in the United States and in other countries. Our inability to obtain or to maintain patents on our key products could adversely affect our business. We currently own 20 patents issued and have filed and may file additional patent applications in the United States and in key foreign jurisdictions relating to our technologies, improvements to those technologies, and for specific products we may develop. There can be no assurance that patents will issue on any of these applications or that, if issued, any patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. The enforcement of patent rights can be uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions. The scope and enforceability of patent claims are not systematically predictable with absolute accuracy. The strength of our own patent rights depends, in part, upon the breadth and scope of protection provided by the patent and the validity of our patents, if any. 
 
 Our success will also depend, in part, on our ability to avoid infringing the patent rights of others. We must also avoid any material breach of technology licenses we may enter into with respect to our new products and services. Existing patent and license rights may require us to alter the designs of our products or processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. If patents have been issued to others that contain competitive or conflicting claims and such claims are ultimately determined to be valid and superior to our own, we may be required to obtain licenses to those patents or to develop or obtain alternative technology. If any licenses are required, there can be no assurance given that we will be able to obtain any necessary licenses on commercially favorable terms, if at all. Any breach of an existing license or failure to obtain a license to any technology that may be necessary in order to commercialize our products may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We also rely on trade secrets laws to protect portions of our technology for which patent protection has not yet been pursued or is not believed to be appropriate or obtainable. These laws may protect us against the unlawful or unpermitted disclosure of any information of a confidential and proprietary nature, including but not limited to our know-how, trade secrets, methods of operation, names and information relating to vendors or suppliers, and customer names and addresses. We seek to protect this un-patentable and unpatented proprietary technology and processes, in addition to other confidential and proprietary information in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with employees, collaborative partners, consultants, and certain contractors. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered or reverse-engineered by competitors. 
 
 We conduct business internationally with a variety of sovereign governments. 
 
 Our business is subject to a variety of regulations and political interests that could affect the timing of payment for services and the duration of our contracts. We face the risk of systems interruptions and capacity constraints, possibly resulting in adverse publicity, revenue loss and erosion of customer trust. The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our network infrastructure are critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain customers and to maintain adequate customer service levels. In addition, because our customers in these foreign jurisdictions are sovereign governments or governmental departments or agencies, it may be difficult for us to enforce our agreements with them in the event of a breach of those agreements, including, but not limited to, the failure to pay for services rendered or to complete projects that we have commenced. 

-11-

Table of Contents 

Our business is subject to risks arising from epidemic diseases, such as the recent global outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus. 
 
 The recent outbreak of COVID-19, which has been declared by the World Health Organization to be a pandemic, has spread across the globe and is impacting worldwide economic activity. A pandemic, including COVID-19 or other public health epidemic, poses the risk that we or our employees, contractors, suppliers, and other partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. While it is not possible at this time to estimate the impact that COVID-19 could have on our business, the COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation measures have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including impairing our ability to raise capital when needed. In addition, for a period of time we were under a shelter-in-place mandate which may be reinstated at the discretion of state or local authorities and many of our clients worldwide may be similarly impacted. 
 
 Mandatory COVID-19 vaccination of employees could impact our workforce and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 On November 5, 2021, OSHA published an emergency temporary standard mandating that all employers with at least 100 employees require all of their employees to be fully vaccinated on or before January 4, 2022 or tested weekly for COVID-19 (the ETS ). Furthermore, some local and state entities have enacted their own mandates regarding vaccination requirements. As some of our clients are companies with more than 100 employees, they are subject to the ETS, and may require contractors, such as the Company, to comply with vaccination orders even though we are not subject to the ETS. For example, we have received notices from two of our clients that they are implementing requirements regarding local and federal mandates regarding proof of vaccinations. At this time, it is not possible to predict with certainty whether the ETS will remain in effect or be invalidated by the courts, and we cannot predict the exact impact that the ETS, or corresponding mandates from federal, state and local governmental entities, will have on us or on our workforce. If the ETS, local mandates, or state mandates take effect, such mandates may result in employee attrition, which could adversely affect future revenues and costs and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The Company has taken steps to ensure that covered contractor employees could demonstrate proof of vaccination, or an applicable exemption or accommodation, by the amended deadline of January 4, 2022, and to ensure that it is in compliance with applicable county mandates. 
 
 Climate change, and related legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, may adversely impact our business. 
 
 There is increasing concern that a gradual rise in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe, an increase in the frequency, severity, and duration of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, and water scarcity and poor water quality. These events could adversely impact the delivery of raw materials required for our products, disrupt the operation of our supply chain and the productivity of our contract manufacturers, increase our production costs, impose capacity restraints and impact the purchases of our products and services. These events could also compound adverse economic conditions and impact consumer confidence and governmental budgets. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. In many countries, governmental bodies are enacting new or additional legislation and regulations to reduce or mitigate the potential impacts of climate change. If we, our suppliers, or our contract manufacturers are required to comply with these laws and regulations, or if we choose to take voluntary steps to reduce or mitigate our impact on climate change, we may experience increased costs for energy, production, transportation, and raw materials, increased capital expenditures, or increased insurance premiums and deductibles, which could adversely impact our operations. Inconsistency of legislation and regulations among jurisdictions may also affect the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations. Any assessment of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulations or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in the countries in which we operate. 
 
 Our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover and labor cost increases. 
 
 Labor is a component of operating our business. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs from time to time, including high employment levels, federal unemployment subsidies, including unemployment benefits offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other government regulations. Although we have not experienced any material disruptions due to labor shortages to date, we have observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, whether caused by COVID-19 or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to complete our construction projects according to the required schedule or otherwise efficiently operate our business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Additionally, our operations are subject to a variety of federal, state and local employment-related laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, which governs such matters as minimum wages, the Family Medical Leave Act, overtime pay, compensable time, recordkeeping and other working conditions, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the National Labor Relations Act, regulations of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, regulations of the Office of Civil Rights, regulations of the Department of Labor (DOL), regulations of state attorneys general, federal and state wage and hour laws, and a variety of similar laws enacted by the federal and state governments that govern these and other employment-related matters. As our employees are located in a number of states, compliance with these evolving federal, state and local laws and regulations, including increases in federal or state minimum wage laws, could substantially increase our cost of doing business while failure to do so could subject us to fines and lawsuits. 
 
 An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, increase in federal or state minimum wages, or increase in general labor costs, caused by COVID-19 or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 

-12-

Table of Contents 

The global semiconductor shortage could impact the Company s future results. 
 
 The industry in which the Company operates, as well as many other industries (automotive, consumer products and medical devices), have been impacted by the global semiconductor shortage initially caused by the slowdown of many chip makers and logistics companies due to COVID-19. The shortage, which could potentially last through calendar 2022, has been exacerbated by the surge in demand for a wide variety of products across several industries, all of which require varying amounts of semiconductors. To meet current demand, the Company has orders for printed circuit board assemblies PCBAs required to manufacture new devices which it began receiving in May 2021. However, the lead times for certain components required by our PCBAs are now up to one year or more. As a result, until such time as chip manufacturers are able to meet global demand, our future operating results may be negatively impacted. 
 
 We may experience temporary service interruptions for a variety of reasons, including telecommunications or power failures, fire, water damage, vandalism, civil unrest, computer bugs or viruses, malicious cyber-attacks or hardware failures. 
 
 Any service interruption that results in the unavailability of our system or reduces its capacity could result in real or perceived public safety issues that may affect customer confidence in our services. Historically, we have experienced temporary interruptions of telecommunications or power outages, which were promptly mitigated, although Hurricane Maria in 2017 presented even greater challenges in Puerto Rico, including into the 2018 fiscal year. Such instances may result in loss of customer accounts or similar problems if they occur again in the future. Given rapidly changing technologies, we are not certain that we will be able to adapt the use of our services to permit, upgrade, and expand our systems or to integrate smoothly with new technologies. Network and information systems and other technologies are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, including those caused by us, our service providers or by third parties, such as computer hacking, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing could result in a degradation or disruption of our services. These types of events could result in a loss of customers and large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events. 
 
 We currently have two independent directors sitting on our Board of Directors. 
 
 Our Board of Directors is currently comprised of three members, one of which would not be considered independent under the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market and the OTC Markets. Additionally, we no longer maintain separate audit, compensation or nominating and governance committees, the duties of which are fulfilled by our entire Board of Directors. The rules of the OTC Markets require that companies whose securities are listed for quotation on the OTCQX have a board of directors comprised of at least two independent directors. In the event that one of our two independent directors resigns, and we fail to appoint an additional independent director on or before May 31, 2022 or our market capitalization falls below a certain level, our Common Stock would no longer be eligible for quotation on the OTCQX, resulting in the quotation of our Common Stock on an alternative market, such as the OTC Pink Marketplace. Such change may affect the number and type of investors eligible to purchase our Common Stock. As a result, the price of our Common Stock may be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Acquisitions 
 
 The success of our business depends on achieving our strategic objectives, including acquisitions, dispositions and restructurings. 
 
 Our acquisitions, as well as potential restructuring actions, may not achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of various factors, including integration and collaboration challenges, such as personnel and technology. In addition, we may not achieve anticipated cost savings from restructuring actions, which could result in lower operating margins. If we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives. After reaching an agreement with a buyer or seller for the acquisition or disposition of a business, we are subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as to necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which may prevent us from completing the transaction. 

-13-

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to grow successfully through our recent acquisitions or through future acquisitions, we may not successfully manage future growth, and we may not be able to effectively integrate businesses that we may acquire. 
 
 We plan to continue to grow organically as well as through strategic acquisitions of other businesses. In order to complete acquisitions, we would expect to require additional debt and/or equity financing, which may increase our interest expense, leverage, and the number of shares of our Common Stock or other securities outstanding. Businesses that we acquire may not perform as expected. Future revenue, profits and cash flows of an acquired business may not materialize due to the failure or inability to capture expected synergies, increased competition, regulatory issues, changes in market conditions, or other factors beyond our control. In addition, we may not be successful in integrating these acquisitions into our existing operations. Competition for acquisition opportunities may escalate, increasing our cost of making further acquisitions or causing us to refrain from making additional acquisitions. Additional risks related to acquisitions include, but are not limited to: 

the potential disruption of our existing business; 

entering new markets or industries in which we have limited prior experience; 

difficulties integrating and retaining key management, sales, research and development, production and other personnel or diversion of management attention from ongoing business concerns to integration matters; 

difficulties integrating or expanding information technology systems and other business processes or administrative infrastructures to accommodate the acquired businesses; 

complexities associated with managing the combined businesses due to multiple physical locations; 

risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems; and 

whether any necessary additional debt or equity financing will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and the impact of such financing on our operating performance and results of operations. 

Risks Related to International Operations 
 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, but operations are conducted internationally. Currency exchange rates have, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our operating results. We do not utilize hedging techniques to minimize our exposure. As a result, an investment in our Common Stock may expose stockholders to fluctuations in exchange rates. 
 
 The dollar cost of our operations internationally could increase as a result of increases or decreases in the rate of inflation or devaluation of the local currency in relation to the dollar, which may harm our results of operations. 
 
 The dollar cost of our international operations is expected to be influenced by any increase in inflation that is not offset by the devaluation of the local currency in relation to the dollar. As a result, we are exposed to the risk that foreign currencies will appreciate in relation to the dollar. We cannot predict whether the foreign currencies will appreciate or depreciate against the dollar in the future. 
 
 International political, economic and military instability may impede our ability to execute our plan of operations. 
 
 Political, economic and military conditions, both domestic and abroad, may affect our business. We cannot predict whether or in what manner these problems may occur. Acts of random terrorism periodically occur, which could affect our operations or personnel. Ongoing or revived hostilities or other factors could harm our operations and could impede our ability to execute our plan of operations. Natural disasters, such as the hurricanes in the Caribbean in 2017, could render our affected customers financially unable to continue making payments or using our services. Moreover, in order to effectively compete in certain foreign jurisdictions, it is frequently necessary or required to establish joint ventures, strategic alliances or marketing arrangements with local operators, partners or agents. Reliance on local operators, partners or agents could expose us to the risk of being unable to control the scope or quality of our overseas services or products. In addition, our business insurance may not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with the security situation. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

-14-

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Certain individuals and groups own or control a significant number of our outstanding shares. 
 
 Certain groups or persons, and in particular ETS Limited, who owned approximately 42 of our issued and outstanding Common Stock as of December 1, 2021, beneficially own a substantial number of shares of our outstanding Common Stock or securities and debt instruments. As a result, these persons have the ability, acting as a group, to influence substantially our affairs and business, including the election of our directors and, subject to certain limitations, of fundamental corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or making other transactions more difficult or impossible without their support. In addition, these equity holders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financing or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions may involve significant risk to us or our other stockholders. Additionally, they may make investments in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with us, or may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. 
 
 Our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock and designate rights and preferences that will dilute the ownership and voting interests of existing stockholders without their approval. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share Preferred Stock ), of which 1,200,000 shares have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred ). Our Board of Directors is authorized to designate, and to determine the rights and preferences of any series or class of Preferred Stock, and may designate additional shares of Preferred Stock in the future. The Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval, issue shares of Preferred Stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which are senior to our Common Stock or which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the existing holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock. Additionally, the issuance of Preferred Stock may have the effect of decreasing the market price of the Common Stock and reduce the likelihood that holders of Common Stock will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. The issuance of shares of Preferred Stock may also adversely affect an acquisition or change in control of the Company. As of December 1, 2021, there were no outstanding shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding. 
 
 Sales by certain of our stockholders of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 A large number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock are held by several of our principal stockholders. If any of these principal stockholders were to decide to sell large amounts of stock over a short period of time, such sales could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. 
 
 A decline in the price of our Common Stock could affect our ability to raise additional working capital and adversely impact our operations and would severely dilute existing or future investors if we were to raise funds at lower prices. 
 
 A prolonged decline in the price of our Common Stock could result in a reduction of our ability to raise capital. Because our operations have been financed in part through the sale of equity securities, a decline in the price of our Common Stock could be especially detrimental to our continued operations. Any reduction in our ability to raise equity capital in the future would force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and would have a significant negative effect on our business plans and operations, including our ability to develop new products and continue our current operations. If our stock price declines, there can be no assurance that we can raise additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient to meet our obligations. We believe the following factors could cause the market price of our Common Stock to fluctuate widely: 

actual or anticipated variations in our interim or annual results; 

announcements of new services, products, acquisitions or strategic relationships within the industry; 

changes in accounting treatments or principles; 

changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts and in analyst recommendations; and 

general political, economic, regulatory and market conditions. 

Any failure to meet these expectations, even if minor, could materially adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

-15-

Table of Contents 

If we issue additional shares of Common Stock in the future, it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 30,000,000 shares of Common Stock. Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue additional shares of Common Stock up to the authorized capital stated in the Certificate of Incorporation. The issuance of any such shares of Common Stock will result in a reduction in value of our outstanding Common Stock. If we do issue any such additional shares of Common Stock, such issuance also will cause a reduction in the proportionate ownership and voting power of all other stockholders. Further, any such issuance may result in a change of control of the Company. 
 
 Trading of our Common Stock may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our Common Stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares. 
 
 There is currently a limited market for our Common Stock and the volume of our Common Stock traded on any day may vary significantly from one day to the other. Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQX. Trading in stock quoted on the OTCQX is often thin, volatile, and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with the issuer s operations, results or business prospects. The availability of buyers and sellers represented by this volatility could lead to a market price for our Common Stock that is unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTCQX is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities quoted on the OTCQX is often more volatile than the trading of securities listed on a stock exchange like NASDAQ or NYSE: MKT. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our headquarters is approximately 5,600 square feet of commercial office space located at 200 E. 5th Avenue Suite 100, Naperville, Illinois. The lease for this office space began on September 1, 2017 and expires on August 31, 2022. Base rent and common area maintenance payments are approximately 11,000 per month. 
 
 We lease commercial office space in Indianapolis, Indiana of approximately 5,751 square feet. This lease began on September 1, 2018 and terminates on August 31, 2022. Lease payments were approximately 3,100 per month through December 31, 2018 and increased to approximately 5,900 on January 1, 2019 as additional space was occupied. 
 
 The operations of Track Group Analytics Limited are conducted in approximately 1,157 square feet of office space in Bedford, Nova Scotia, Canada. The lease for this office space began on July 1, 2020 and expired on June 30, 2021. The lease was renewed from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022 with the same lease terms. Monthly lease payments are approximately 2,000. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, the operations of Track Group Chile S.p.A. are conducted in approximately 3,500 square feet of commercial office space located in Santiago, Chile with base rent and common area maintenance payments of approximately 6,500 per month. The lease for this office space began on December 31, 2016 and was scheduled to end on December 31, 2021. On October 6, 2021, the original lease was replaced with a new lease for approximately 1,528 square feet with a lease term that ends on September 30, 2023 in Santiago, Chile. Base rent and common area maintenance payments for the new lease are approximately 3,300 per month. 
 
 We lease commercial office space in Sandy, Utah of approximately 1,500 square feet. The lease for this office space began on September 1, 2017 and expired on August 31, 2018. We are currently leasing this property on a month-to-month basis. Lease payments are 1,500 per month. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is, from time to time, involved in various legal proceedings incidental to the conduct of our business. Historically, the outcome of all such legal proceedings has not, in the aggregate, had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Other than as set forth below, there are no additional pending or threatened legal proceedings at this time. 

-16-

Table of Contents 

SecureAlert, Inc. v. Federal Government of Mexico (Department of the Interior). On March 24, 2017, SecureAlert Inc. filed a complaint before the Federal Administrative Tribunal, asserting the failure by defendants to pay claimant amounts agreed to, and due under, the Pluri Annual Contract for the Rendering of Monitoring Services of Internees, through Electric Bracelets, in the Islas Marias Penitentiary Complex dated July 15, 2011, entered into by and between the Organo Administrativo Desconcentrado Prevencion y Readaptacion Social OADPRS of the then Public Security Department, and presently, an agency of the National Security Commission of the Department of the Interior, and SecureAlert, Inc., presently Track Group, Inc. The Company s claim amount is upwards of 6.0 million. The Supreme Court took action to resolve previous, conflicting decisions regarding the jurisdiction of such claims and determined that such claims will be resolved by the Federal Administrative Tribunal. Subsequently, plaintiff filed an Amparo action before the Collegiate Court, seeking an appeal of the Federal Administrative Court s earlier decision against plaintiff. The Collegiate Court issued a ruling in August 2019 that the matter of dispute was previously resolved by a lower court in 2016. The Company disagreed with this ruling and on November 11, 2020 made a re-demand of the OADPRS for payment due under the July 15, 2011 contract. The OADPRS failed to respond within its allotted 3 months time-period and the Company filed an Amparo Action on May 6, 2021, which was dismissed. The Company additionally filed a motion for annulment with the Federal Administrative Tribunal on August 4, 2021. The time for the OADPRS to respond to the motion has not yet passed. Based upon the fee arrangement the Company has with its counsel, we anticipate the future liabilities attributable to legal expense will be minimal. 
 
 Blaike Anderson v. Track Group, Inc., et. al. On June 24, 2019, Blaike Anderson filed a complaint seeking unspecified damages in the State Court of Marion County, Indiana, alleging liability on the part of defendants for providing a defective ankle monitoring device and failure to warn plaintiff regarding the condition thereof. The Company removed the matter to federal court and subsequently filed its answer denying Plaintiff s allegations in August 2019. On July 1, 2021 the parties reached a settlement, and the case was dismissed with prejudice on July 22, 2021 pursuant to a joint stipulation of the parties. 
 
 Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, through its Trustees v. International Surveillance Services Corporation . On January 23, 2020, the Company was served with a summons for an Adversary Action pending against International Surveillance Services Corporation ISS ), a subsidiary of the Company, now known as Track Group Puerto Rico Inc., in the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico seeking to avoid and recover allegedly constructive fraudulent transfers and to disallow claims pursuant to United States Bankruptcy and Puerto Rican law. The allegations stem from payments made to ISS between 2014 and 2017, which the Company believes were properly made in accordance with a contract between ISS and the government of Puerto Rico, through the Oficina de Servicios con Antelacion a Juicio, originally signed in 2011. The Company is confident that all payments it received were earned and due under applicable law and has produced documentation supporting its position in an informal document exchange with the Commonwealth on July 6, 2020. On August 26, 2021, the Court entered an order staying the Adversary Action pending the Court s confirmation of the Commonwealth s Proposed Plan of Adjustment. The parties remain in discussion regarding a resolution to the matter during the stay. 
 
 Eli Sabag v. Track Group, Inc., et al. On March 12, 2020, Eli Sabag commenced an arbitration with the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, Case Number 01-20-0003-6931. The arbitration claim, as it pertains to the Company, alleges breach of the Share Purchase Agreement SPA between the Company and Sabag. Sabag alleges that the Company breached the SPA because it failed to pay him his earn-out after it sold or leased a sufficient number of GPS Global Tracking devices to meet the earn-out milestone, or alternatively, breached the SPA by failing to act in good faith to allow Sabag to achieve his earn-out. Sabag further claims that the Company fraudulently induced Sabag to sell GPS Global Tracking and Surveillance System Ltd. to the Company. The Company has entered its appearance and on July 17, 2020, filed its Answer denying the allegations of the claim and asserting numerous defenses. The Company continues to vigorously defend against the allegations. An arbitration is scheduled for April 2022. The Company has not accrued any potential loss after consultation with outside legal counsel. 
 
 Jeffrey Mohamed Abed v. Track Group, Inc., et al. On June 7, 2021, Jeffrey Mohamed Abed filed a complaint seeking unspecified damages in the Superior Court of the State of California in Case No. 21 STCV 21345, alleging strict products liability, negligence and breach of implied warranty premised upon injuries sustained by the Plaintiff who was involved in an automobile accident while wearing a GPS tracking device of the Company. The Company was served on October 15, 2021 and filed its Answer and Affirmative Defenses on November 12, 2021. The Company disputes the plaintiff s claims and will defend the case vigorously. No accrual for a potential loss has been made as we believe the probability of incurring a material loss is remote. 

-17-

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our Common Stock is traded on the OTCQX under the symbol TRCK . The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices of our Common Stock as reported on the OTCQX for the periods indicated. 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 
 
 High 

Low 

First Quarter ended December 31, 2020 

0.47 

0.21 

Second Quarter ended March 31, 2021 

2.75 

0.34 

Third Quarter ended June 30, 2021 

4.60 

1.31 

Fourth Quarter ended September 30, 2021 

4.41 

2.44 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2020 
 
 High 

Low 

First Quarter ended December 31, 2019 

0.95 

0.47 

Second Quarter ended March 31, 2020 

0.69 

0.50 

Third Quarter ended June 30, 2020 

0.57 

0.52 

Fourth Quarter ended September 30, 2020 

0.53 

0.51 

Holders 
 
 As of December 1, 2021, we had 168 holders of record of our Common Stock and 11,524,978 shares of Common Stock outstanding. We also have granted options and warrants for the purchase of 457,075 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Since incorporation, we have not declared any cash dividends on our Common Stock. We do not anticipate declaring cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Dilution 
 
 The Board of Directors determines when, under what conditions and at what prices to issue shares of Company stock. In addition, a significant number of shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants. 
 
 The issuance of any shares of Common Stock for any reason will result in dilution of the equity and voting interests of existing stockholders. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, which is located at 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York, 11219. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The 2012 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 The Company s 2012 Equity Compensation Plan, as amended (the 2012 Plan ), was first approved by our Board of Directors and stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on December 21, 2011, and amended following our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 19, 2015. We believe that incentives and stock-based awards focus and align employees on the objective of creating stockholder value and promoting the success of the Company, and that incentive compensation plans like the 2012 Plan are an important attraction, retention and motivation tool for participants in the plan. 
 
 Under the 2012 Plan, up to 803,262 shares of Common Stock or options to purchase Common Stock may be awarded. As of the date of this report, 258,408 shares of Common Stock and options for the purchase of 517,636 shares of Common Stock have been awarded under the 2012 Plan. In December 2018, the Board of Directors suspended further awards under the 2012 Plan until further notice. 

-18-

Table of Contents 

The following table includes information as of September 30, 2021 for our equity compensation plans: 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

457,075 

1.74 

27,218 

Equity compensation approved by Board of Directors outside of 2012 Plan 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

457,075 

1.74 

27,218 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 No securities were issued without registration under the Securities Act during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, nor were any securities issued subsequent to September 30, 2021, that were not reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used in this report or elsewhere by management from time to time, the words believe , anticipate , intend , plan , estimate , expect , may , will , should , seeks and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. For a more detailed discussion of such forward-looking statements and the potential risks and uncertainties that may impact upon their accuracy, see Item 1A entitled Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report and the Overview and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections of this Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These forward-looking statements reflect our view only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligations to update any forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should also carefully consider the factors set forth in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader better understand Track Group, our operations and our present business environment. Our fiscal year ends on September 30 of each year. Reference to fiscal year 2021 refers to the year ended September 30, 2021. This MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 and the accompanying notes thereto contained in this Annual Report. This introduction summarizes MD A, which includes the following sections: 

Overview a general description of our business and the markets in which we operate; our objectives; our areas of focus; and challenges and risks of our business. 

Results of Operations an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the last two fiscal years presented in our consolidated financial statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources an analysis of cash flows; off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations; and the impact of inflation and changing prices. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Critical Accounting Policies a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates. 

We intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. 

-19-

Table of Contents 

Overview 
 
 Our core business is based on the leasing of patented tracking and monitoring solutions to federal, state and local law enforcement agencies, both in the U.S. and abroad, for the electronic monitoring of offenders and offering unique data analytics services on a platform-as-a-service PaaS business model. Currently, we deploy offender-based management services that combine patented GPS tracking technologies, fulltime 24/7/365 global monitoring capabilities, case management, and proprietary data analytics. We offer customizable tracking solutions that leverage real-time tracking data, best practices monitoring, and analytics capabilities to create complete, end-to-end tracking solutions. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 PPP Loan 
 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company received net proceeds of 933,200 from a potentially forgivable loan from the United States Small Business Administration SBA pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP enacted by Congress under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(36)) (the CARES Act administered by the SBA (the PPP Loan ). On December 8, 2020, the Company filed the application for forgiveness with BMO Harris Bank National Association (the Lender and on January 8, 2021, the Company received a notification from the Lender that the SBA remitted funds to fully repay the PPP Loan, and that the funds were utilized to pay-off and close the PPP Loan and that the PPP Loan was fully forgiven. 
 
 Conrent Facility Agreement 
 
 On October 21, 2020, the Company requested, in writing, an additional extension to the maturity date of that certain facility agreement between the Company and Conrent Invest, S.A. Conrent "), dated December 30, 2013, as amended on February 24, 2019, and further amended on January 7, 2020 (the "Amended Facility Agreement "), which previously provided for a 30.4 million unsecured debt facility. On November 25, 2020, the investors who owned the securities from Conrent used to finance the facility (the " Noteholders ") held a meeting to address the Company s request and approved a new maturity date of July 1, 2024. On December 21, 2020, Conrent and the Company signed an amendment to the Amended Facility Agreement (the " Amended Facility "), which extends the maturity date of the agreement to July 1, 2024, capitalizes the accrued and unpaid interest increasing the outstanding principal amount and reduces the interest rate of the Amended Facility from 8 to 4 . See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Sapinda Facility Agreement 
 
 On September 8, 2020, the Company received a letter from ADS Securities LLC ADS informing the Company that ADS had been assigned the right to payment under that certain Loan Facility dated September 14, 2015, by and between Sapinda Asia Limited and the Company (the Sapinda Loan Agreement ). On September 29, 2020, the Company and ADS settled the outstanding amount of approximately 3.4 million due under the Sapinda Loan Agreement for 2.7 million, which was paid on September 30, 2020. 
 
 Customer Notifications 
 
 On October 15, 2021, the Company received notification from one of its customers implementing requirements regarding COVID-19 vaccinations for contractors pursuant to Executive Order No. 14042 (the EO ). Pursuant to the EO and guidance of the Safer Federal Workforce Task Force, the Company immediately took steps to ensure all covered contractor employees could demonstrate proof of vaccination, or an applicable exemption or accommodation, by the deadline of December 8, 2021, which was subsequently amended to January 4, 2022. 
 
 Subsequently, on October 27, 2021, the Company received a letter from a second customer also outlining COVID-19 vaccination requirements pursuant to a local county mandate, which further applies to contractors who work onsite at county facilities. The Company has taken steps to ensure that it is in compliance with this specific county mandate. 

-20-

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Continuing Operations - Fiscal Year 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020 
 
 Revenue 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we had revenue of 39,661,325 compared to revenue of 33,875,167 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, an increase of 5,786,158, or approximately 17 . Of this revenue, 39,179,699 and 33,217,661 were from monitoring and other related services revenue during the 2021 and 2020 fiscal years, respectively, representing an increase of 5,962,038 or approximately 18 . Growth in monitoring and other related services during the year ended September 30, 2021 was principally the result of an increase in total growth of our North American monitoring operations driven by clients in Illinois, Michigan, Puerto Rico and Bahamas, partially offset by our Chilean operation. The decrease in revenue in Chile can be attributed to the strengthening U.S. dollar and the decline in devices due to the adverse impact of COVID-19 which closed or delayed the Chilean court system, when compared to the same period in 2020. 
 
 Product and other revenue for the year ended September 30, 2021 decreased to 481,626 from 657,506 in the same period in 2020 largely due to lower product sales of 126,348 and lower sales of other non-monitoring revenue items. The decrease in product sales was due to lower international product sales, principally in Mexico. We continue to largely focus on recurring subscription-based opportunities as opposed to equipment sales. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, cost of revenue totaled 18,554,011 compared to cost of revenue during the year ended September 30, 2020 of 15,229,464, an increase of 3,324,547, or approximately 22 . The increase in cost of revenue was largely the result of higher monitoring costs of 1,997,217, higher commission costs of 554,759, higher software amortization of 413,114, higher server costs of 405,524 and higher freight costs of 283,113. These increases were offset by lower lost, stolen and damaged device costs of 179,354, lower device repair costs of 133,763, lower communication costs of 89,531 and lower product cost of sales of 76,300. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization included in cost of revenue for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, totaled 2,402,367 and 1,923,356, respectively. The increase of 479,011, or approximately 25 , largely represents software amortization of our new monitoring platform software which began in July 2021 and an increase in depreciation of devices of 65,898. Amortization of a patent related to GPS and satellite tracking are also included in depreciation and amortization. Devices are depreciated over either a three- or five-year useful life. Monitoring software is amortized over a seven-year life. Royalty agreements are being amortized over a ten-year useful life. The Company believes these lives are appropriate due to changes in electronic monitoring technology and the corresponding potential for obsolescence. Management periodically assesses the useful life of the devices for appropriateness. 
 
 Gross Profit and Margin 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, gross profit totaled 21,107,314, resulting in a 53 gross margin, compared to 18,645,703, or a 55 gross margin, during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, an increase of 2,461,611. The increase in absolute gross profit of 2,461,611 was due to an increase in revenue of 5,786,158, partially offset by increases in certain costs of revenue, including monitoring costs, commissions, depreciation and amortization, server costs and freight costs. The decrease in the gross profit margin of 2 was largely due to amortization of newly developed software and amortization of monitoring center costs associated with a new contract of an international customer. 
 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, our general and administrative expense totaled 10,232,116, compared to 10,381,859 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. The decrease of 149,743, or approximately 1 , in general and administrative cost resulted largely from lower bad debt expense of 109,599, lower consulting and outside service costs of 55,651, lower legal and professional fees of 37,926, lower travel and entertainment expense of 35,157 and lower bank charges and fees of 27,785. These savings were partially offset by higher insurance costs of 125,313. 

-21-

Table of Contents 

Selling and Marketing Expense 
 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, our selling and marketing expense was 2,716,283 compared to 2,257,667 for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase of 458,616 or approximately 20 resulted largely from higher wages and related payroll taxes of 263,642 and higher outside services and consulting costs of 185,044. 
 
 Research and Development Expense 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we incurred research and development expense of 1,548,527 compared to those costs recognized during fiscal year 2020 totaling 1,182,542, an increase of 365,985 or approximately 31 . The increase resulted largely from higher payroll and related payroll taxes of 363,537. As of July 1, 2021, the Company completed its new technology platform to improve the efficiency of its software, firmware, user interface, and automation. As a result of these improvements, 1,349,550 was capitalized as developed technology during the year ended September 30, 2021, and 1,514,482 was capitalized during the year ended September 30, 2020. A portion of this expense would have been recognized as research and development expense, absent the significant enhancements to the technology. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 
 We maintain a significant portion of our tangible and intangible assets that are amortized or depreciated. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, depreciation and amortization included in operating expense totaled 1,896,481, compared to 2,064,097 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. This was a decrease of 167,616, or approximately 8 , largely related to the full amortization of certain assets. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, other income (expense) totaled 554,392) compared to an expense of 2,084,982) during fiscal 2020. The decrease of 1,530,590 in net other expense resulted primarily from income from extinguishment of debt in fiscal 2021 of 1,000,756, compared to income from extinguishment of debt of 699,644 related to the settlement of a note payable at a discount in fiscal 2020, positive exchange rate movement of 931,691 and lower interest expense of 311,434. The lower interest expense was primarily due to the restructuring of the Conrent Amended Facility. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 On September 8, 2020, the Company received a letter from ADS informing the Company that ADS had been assigned the right to payment under that certain Loan Facility dated September 14, 2015, by and between Sapinda Asia Limited and the Company (the Sapinda Loan Agreement ). On September 30, 2020, the Company and ADS settled the outstanding amount due under the Sapinda Loan Agreement for 2.7 million. The Company recorded a gain of 699,644 which is included in other income/expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the twelve months ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, income tax expense totaled 717,109 compared to 793,197 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Tax expense in both fiscal years are income taxes largely related to a foreign jurisdiction. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Stockholders 
 
 We had net income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 totaling 3,442,406 or 0.30 and 0.29 per basic and diluted common share, respectively, compared to a net loss of 118,641), or 0.01) per common share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. This improvement is largely due to higher gross profit, lower general and administrative expense, lower depreciation and amortization, lower other income (expense) and lower tax expense, partially offset by higher selling and marketing expense and higher research and development expense. 

-22-

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company is currently self-funded through net cash provided by operating activities and was able to utilize cash from operations to fulfill its obligation under the Sapinda Loan Agreement of 3.4 million at the end of September 2020, which was discounted to a cash payment of 2.7 million made on September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2021, excluding interest, approximately 42.9 million is still owed to Conrent under the Amended Facility. 
 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company received net proceeds of 933,200 from the PPP Loan received pursuant to the PPP enacted by Congress under the CARES Act, administered by the SBA. On December 8, 2020, the Company filed the application for forgiveness with the Lender and on January 8, 2021, the Company received a notification from the Lender that the SBA remitted funds to fully repay the PPP Loan, and that the funds were utilized to pay-off and close the PPP Loan and that the PPP Loan was fully forgiven. 
 
 On October 21, 2020, the Company requested, in writing, an additional extension to the maturity date of the 30.4 million Amended Facility Agreement. On November 25, 2020, the Noteholders held a meeting to address the Company s request and approved a new maturity date of July 1, 2024. On December 21, 2020, Conrent and the Company signed the Amended Facility, which extends the maturity date of the Amended Facility Agreement to July 1, 2024, capitalizes the accrued and unpaid interest increasing the outstanding principal amount and reduces the interest rate of the Amended Facility from 8 to 4 . On March 1, 2021, Conrent completed their documentation and the updated registration process to implement these changes and the Company transferred 12,531,556 of accrued interest to the note payable for total principal of 42,931,556. Conrent forgave 67,556 of the amount due and the new Amended Facility principal and interest became 42,864,000. Interest payments are scheduled to be made on June 30 and December 31 each year, which began on June 30, 2021. We began amortizing deferred financing fees of approximately 360,000 on July 1, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, 42,864,000 of principal and 438,165 of interest was owed to Conrent. 
 
 On January 6, 2021, the Company borrowed 70,443,375 Chilean Pesos CLP ( 101,186 USD) from HP Financial Services Chile Limitada. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with HP Financial Services Chile Limitada as lender. The loan was used to purchase PABX (private automatic branch exchange phone equipment) for the construction of the Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring centers in Santiago and Puerto Montt, Chile. The loan bears an interest rate of 6.56 per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning February 2021, and a maturity date of February 6, 2024. 
 
 On January 12, 2021, the Company borrowed 347,198,500 CLP 482,965 USD) , net of 2,801,500 CLP fees 3,897 USD), from Banco Santander. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with Banco Santander as lender. The loan was used to comply with the construction of Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring center in Santiago, Chile and remodeling a temporary monitoring center. The loan bears an interest at a rate of 5.04 per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning February 2021, and a maturity of May 11, 2024. The Company also paid 19,607,843 CLP 27,275USD) in broker fees which are amortized over the life of the loan. 
 
 On February 2, 2021, the Company borrowed 247,999,300 CLP 338,954 USD), net of 2,000,700 CLP fees 2,734USD), from Banco Estado. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with Banco Estado as lender. The loan provided was used for the construction of the Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring center in Santiago city and computer equipment for Gendarmeria branch offices. The loan bears an interest rate of 3.50 per annum, initially having a 6-month grace period with the first payment including the 6 months of interest plus 1 month of principal on August 2, 2021, then monthly interest with principal, and a maturity date of January 2, 2024. The Company also paid 14,124,294 CLP 19,304 USD) in broker fees which are amortized over the life of the loan. 
 
 On February 4, 2021, the Company borrowed 149,794,432 CLP 205,330 USD) from HP Financial Services Chile Limitada. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with HP Financial Services Chile Limitada as lender. The loan was used to purchase computer equipment for the Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring center in Santiago, Chile. The loan bears an interest at a rate of 6.61 per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning March 2021, and a maturity of March 4, 2024. 
 
 On February 5, 2021, the Company borrowed of 99,808,328 CLP 136,564 USD), net of 210,485 CLP fees 286 USD), from Banco de Chile. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with Banco de Chile as lender. The loan provided was used to purchase HVAC equipment for Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring center in Santiago, Chile. The loan bears an interest rate of 2.54 per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning March 2021, and a maturity date of March 4, 2024. 

-23-

Table of Contents 

On February 15, 2021, the Company borrowed 500,000,000 CLP 678,214 USD) from Banco de Chile. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with Banco de Chile as lender. The loan proceeds were used as working capital and to complete with the construction of the Gendarmeria monitoring center in Puerto Montt, Chile. The loan bears an interest at a rate of 3.12 per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning March 2021, and a maturity of February 17, 2025. The Company also paid 28,248,588 CLP 38,317 USD) in broker fees which are amortized over the life of the loan. 
 
 Management will continue to seek other sources of capital, refinancing options, prepayment of debt at a discount and potentially other transactions including the exchange of some debt for an equity related security to reduce its total debt and assist in meeting all of its future obligations. While management believes it will be successful in completing one of these alternatives prior to the maturity of the Amended Facility Agreement in July 2024, no assurances can be given. 
 
 Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we had net income of 3,442,406 and we had cash flows from operating activities of 4,822,182, compared to a net loss from continuing operations of 118,641 and cash flows from operating activities of 4,725,864 for fiscal year 2020. The increase of cash from operations in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 was largely the result of a decline in accounts payable and an improvement in operating performance, partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable and an increase in prepaid expense, deposits and other assets. 
 
 Net Cash Flows from Investing Activities. 
 
 The Company used 4,507,696 of cash for investing activities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 2,942,195 of cash used during fiscal year 2020, an increase of 1,565,501. Cash used for investing activities was used for significant enhancements of our software platform and for purchases of monitoring and other equipment to meet customer demand during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. Purchases of monitoring equipment increased 1,670,912 compared to the prior period, largely due to the purchase of new monitoring devices to replace 3G monitoring devices transitioning out of service in the U.S. in the first quarter of calendar 2022. 
 
 Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities. 
 
 1,377,224 of cash was provided by financing activities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 1,794,357 of cash used by financing activities during fiscal year 2020. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company received net proceeds of 1,943,213 and 933,200 from borrowings, respectively and made principal payments of 275,628 and 2,727,557 on notes payable, respectively. The net proceeds of 933,200 received in the year ended September 30, 2020 were from a potentially forgivable loan from the SBA and the loan was forgiven in January 2021. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Liquidity, Working Capital and Management s Plan 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company had unrestricted cash of 8,421,162, compared to unrestricted cash of 6,762,099 as of September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2021, we had a working capital of 9,190,430, compared to a working capital deficit of 34,773,161 as of September 30, 2020. This increase in working capital of 43,963,591 is principally due to the 3-year extension of the Conrent loan of 30,400,000 and the capitalization of interest to increase the loan balance to 42,864,000, which is now due July 1, 2024. 
 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company received net proceeds of 933,200 from the SBA pursuant to the PPP enacted by Congress under the CARES Act which was subsequently forgiven in full. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 On October 21, 2020, the Company requested, in writing, an additional extension to the maturity date of the Amended Facility Agreement. On November 25, 2020, the Noteholders held a meeting to address the Company s request and approved a new maturity date of July 1, 2024. On December 21, 2020, Conrent and the Company signed an Amendment to the Amended Facility Agreement which extends the maturity date of the agreement to July 1, 2024, capitalizes the accrued and unpaid interest increasing the outstanding principal amount and reduces the interest rate of the Amended Facility Agreement from 8 to 4 . On June 28, 2021, the Company restarted interest payments to Conrent which will be made semi-annually going forward. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the Company borrowed approximately 2.0 million though six notes payable to fund the construction of monitoring centers in Chile required by our new contract. These six notes mature between January 2024 to February 2025 and the principal repayments on these six notes have all commenced. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

-24-

Table of Contents 

Inflation 
 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our historical operations or profitability; however, the rise in inflation recently is impacting the Company s cost of labor and materials. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financial Arrangements 
 
 The Company has not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby the Company has financial guarantees, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose the Company to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to the Company, except as described below. 
 
 Bond guarantees 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, Company has two performance bonds in connection with a foreign customer totaling 2,294,936, Performance Bonds of which 1,606,424 is held in an interest-bearing account on behalf of the customer and is recorded in Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The remaining amount of 688,512 is guaranteed by a foreign financial institution on behalf of the Company. The amounts held on the two Performance Bonds will be released approximately 90 days after the expiration of the Performance Bonds, as follows: 300,014 on January 18, 2022 and 1,306,410 on July 2, 2024. In March 2021, the Company has placed a 653,220 deposit into an interest-bearing account with a financial institution to replace the performance bond expiring on July 2, 2024, whereby the portion guaranteed by the financial institution will increase from 30 to 65 of the total bond. The current bond expiring July 2, 2024 will be released following completion of the transaction. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 In Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, we discuss those accounting policies we consider to be significant in determining the results of operations and our financial position. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to bad debts, inventories, intangible assets, warranty obligations, product liability, revenue, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and other facts and circumstances that are believed to be reasonable, and the results form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. The actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 With respect to revenue recognition, impairment of long-lived assets, leases, stock-based compensation and allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, we apply critical accounting policies discussed below in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Our revenue is predominantly derived from two sources: (i) monitoring services, and (ii) product sales. 
 
 Monitoring and Other Related Services 
 
 Monitoring services include two components: (i) lease contracts pursuant to which the Company provides monitoring services and lease devices to distributors or end users and the Company retains ownership of the leased device; and (ii) monitoring services purchased by distributors or end users who have previously purchased monitoring devices and opt to use the Company s monitoring services. Sales of devices and/or leased GPS devices are required to use the Company s monitoring service and both the GPS leased devices and monitoring services are accounted for as a single performance obligation. Monitoring revenue is recognized ratably over time, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit of these services as they are performed. Payment due or received from the customers prior to rendering the associated services are recorded as deferred revenue. 

-25-

Table of Contents 

Product Sales and Other 
 
 The Company sells devices and replacement parts to customers under certain contracts, as well as law enforcement software licenses and maintenance, and analytical software. Revenue from the sale of devices and parts is recognized upon their transfer of control to the customer, which is generally upon delivery. Delivery is considered complete at either the time of shipment or arrival at destination, based on the agreed upon terms within the contract. Payment terms are generally 30 days from invoice date. When purchasing products (such as ReliAlert and Shadow devices) from the Company, customers may, but are not required to, enter into monitoring service contracts with us. The Company recognizes revenue on monitoring services for customers that have previously purchased devices at the end of each month that monitoring services have been provided. 
 
 Multiple Element Arrangements 
 
 The majority of our revenue transactions do not have multiple elements. However, on occasion, the Company may enter into revenue transactions that have multiple elements. These may include different combinations of products or services that are included in a single billable rate. These products or services are delivered over time as the customer utilizes our services. In cases where obligations in a contract are distinct and thus require separation into multiple performance obligations, revenue recognition guidance requires that contract consideration be allocated to each distinct performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. The value allocated to each performance obligation is then recognized as revenue when the revenue recognition criteria for each distinct promise or bundle of promises has been met. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 The Company considers an arrangement with payment terms longer than the Company s normal terms not to be fixed or determinable. Normal payment terms for the sale of monitoring services and products are due upon receipt to 30 days. The Company sells devices and services directly to end users and to distributors. Distributors do not have general rights of return. Also, distributors may not have price protection or stock protection rights with respect to devices sold to them by us. Generally, title and risk of loss pass to the buyer upon delivery of the devices. 
 
 The Company estimates product returns based on historical experience and maintains an allowance for estimated returns, which is recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable and revenue. 
 
 Shipping and handling fees charged to customers are included as part of total revenue. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to customers are included as a component of cost of revenue. Our revenue is predominantly derived from two sources: (i) monitoring services, and (ii) product sales. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 
 
 We review our long-lived assets including goodwill and intangibles for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the book value of an asset may not be recoverable, and in the case of goodwill, at least annually. We evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred which indicate possible impairment as of each balance sheet date. We use an equity method of the related asset or group of assets in measuring whether the assets are recoverable. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its market value, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. Impairment of long-lived assets is assessed at the lowest levels for which there are an identifiable fair market value that is independent of other groups of assets. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 We must make estimates of the collectability of accounts receivable. In doing so, we analyze accounts receivable and historical bad debts, customer credit-worthiness, current macroeconomic and geopolitical trends, and changes in customer payment patterns when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB or other standard setting bodies, which are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

-26-

Table of Contents 

In February 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) . For lessees, the amendments in this update require that for all leases not considered to be short term, a company recognize both a lease liability and right-of-use asset on its balance sheet, representing the obligation to make payments and the right to use or control the use of a specified asset for the lease term. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 on October 1, 2019. See Note 12 for the impact the adoption had on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 We recognize compensation expense for stock-based awards expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award based on their grant date fair value. We estimate the fair value of stock options using a Black-Scholes option pricing model which requires us to make estimates for certain assumptions regarding risk-free interest rate, expected life of options, expected volatility of stock, and expected dividend yield of stock. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. We are not involved in any pending or, to our knowledge, threatened governmental proceedings, which would require curtailment of our operations because of such laws and regulations. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Our business extends to countries outside the United States, and we intend to continue to expand our foreign operations. As a result, our revenue and results of operations are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates, and other uncertainties inherent in doing business in more than one currency. In addition, our operations are exposed to risks that are associated with changes in social, political, and economic conditions in the foreign countries in which we operate, including changes in the laws and policies that govern foreign investment, as well as, to a lesser extent, changes in United States laws and regulations relating to foreign trade and investment. 
 
 We had 6,155,718 and 6,374,742 in foreign currency revenue for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We made and received payments in a foreign currency during the periods indicated, which resulted in a foreign exchange gain of 615,361 and foreign exchange expense 316,330 in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Changes in currency exchange rates affect the relative prices at which we sell our products and purchase goods and services. Given the uncertainty of exchange rate fluctuations, we cannot estimate the effect of these fluctuations on our future business, product pricing, results of operations, or financial condition. We do not use foreign currency exchange contracts or derivative financial instruments for hedging or speculative purposes given our substantial expenses in local currency. To the extent foreign sales become a more significant part of our business in the future, we may seek to implement strategies which make use of these or other instruments in order to minimize the effects of foreign currency exchange on our business and require some international customers to receive invoices and make payments in US dollars. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The Financial Statements and Supplementary Data required by this Item are set forth on the pages indicated under Item 15 below. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the officers who certify our financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021 was completed pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms as of September 30, 2021. 

-27-

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate as a result of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO issued in May 2013 and related COSO guidance. Based on our evaluation under this framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 This report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

-28-

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors (the Board and executive officers consist of the persons named in the table below. Each director serves for a one-year term, until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until earlier resignation or removal. Our Bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors shall be fixed by the Board from time to time. The directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Guy Dubois 
 
 63 
 
 Chair of the Board 

Karen Macleod 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

Karim Sehnaoui 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Derek Cassell 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Peter K. Poli 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Guy Dubois was appointed as a director in December 2012 and has served as Chair of the Board since February 2013. In addition, Mr. Dubois previously served as our Chief Executive Officer from September 2016 to December 2017. Mr. Dubois is the Founder and Chairman of Singapore-based Tetra House Pte. Ltd., a provider of bespoke consulting and advisory services out of Singapore. He is co-founder of Circo3, a regulated capital arrangement company with a platform approach to the investor capital raising business. Mr. Dubois is a former director and Chief Executive Officer of Gategroup AG, and previously held various executive leadership roles at Gate Gourmet Holding LLC. Mr. Dubois has held executive management positions at Roche Vitamins Inc. in New Jersey, as well as regional management roles in that firm s Asia Pacific operations. Mr. Dubois also served the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) team in Switzerland in various roles, including as its Treasurer and Chief Accountant. Additionally, Mr. Dubois worked with IBM in Sweden as Product Support Specialist for Financial Applications. A Belgian citizen, Mr. Dubois holds a degree in Financial Science and Accountancy from the Limburg Business School in Diepenbeek, Belgium. 
 
 Mr. Dubois extensive financial and management expertise and experience, in addition to his public company senior management and board experience, and the leadership he has shown in his positions with prior companies as well as his knowledge of the daily operations of the Company having previously served as Chief Executive Officer, make him a valuable asset to the Board and the Company. 
 
 Karen Macleod was appointed as a director in January 2016 and currently serves as North America Market Leader - Interim Services Korn Ferry. Prior to that she was Chief Executive Officer of Arete Group LLC, a professional services firm. Ms. Macleod currently serves on the Board of Cyngn, Inc and is Chair of the Compensation Committee and additionally serves on the Board of the Lakeland Hills YMCA. Prior to Arete Group, Ms. Macleod was President of Tatum LLC, a New York-based professional services firm owned by Randstad, from 2011 to 2014, and was a co-founder of Resources Connection (NASDAQ: RECN), now known as RGP, a multinational professional services firm founded as a division of Deloitte in June 1996. Ms. Macleod served in several positions for RGP, including as a director from 1999 to 2009 and President, North America from 2004 to 2009. Prior to RGP, Ms. Macleod held several positions in the Audit Department of Deloitte from 1985 to 1994. Ms. Macleod served as a director for A-Connect (Schweiz) AG, a privately held, Swiss-based global professional services firm, from 2014 to 2016, and was a director for Overland Solutions from 2006 to 2013. She additionally served as a director on the Board of the FWA (Financial Women s Association) in New York and was a member of their Audit Committee from 2018-2021. Ms. Macleod holds a Bachelor of Science in Business/Managerial Economics from the University of California, Santa Barbara. 
 
 Ms. Macleod s senior public company leadership experience along with her finance and accounting background make her a significant contributor to the Board and the strategic growth of the Company. 
 
 Karim Sehnaoui was appointed as a director in February 2018. Mr. Sehnaoui is an entrepreneur and investment professional, who specializes in private equity, venture capital, and corporate finance. Currently Mr. Sehnaoui is Senior Executive Officer and Board Director, ADS Investment Solutions since October 3, 2021, he also serves as Chief Investment Officer of ADS Securities LLC, a position he has held since October 2018, and as a Director of ETS Limited. From 2012 to 2016, Mr. Sehnaoui taught graduate level finance courses as a visiting Assistant Professor at MSB Mediterranean School of Business in Tunisia. Prior to that, Mr. Sehnaoui spent several years in investment banking and private equity, serving as Acting Chief Investment Officer of Abu Dhabi Investment House PJSC and General Manager for Abu Dhabi Investment House S.A., and Business Development Director at Ithmaar Bank. Mr. Sehnaoui holds Bachelor s and Master s degrees in Civil Engineering from McGill University in Montreal, Canada, and was a Global Leadership Fellow at the World Economic Forum in Geneva, Switzerland from 2005 to 2007. 

-29-

Table of Contents 

Mr. Sehnaoui was appointed as a director in connection with ETS Limited becoming the Company s largest stockholder of record in 2018. Mr. Sehnaoui s senior leadership experience, along with his private equity and venture capital background make him a valued member of the Board and a strong asset to the ongoing growth of the Company. 
 
 Derek Cassell joined the Company in June 2014 through the strategic acquisition of Emerge Monitoring, at which time he was appointed Divisional President, Americas. Mr. Cassell was appointed to serve as our President in December 2016 and was promoted to the role of Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2018. From September 2008 until June 2014, Mr. Cassell served as an Executive Vice President of Emerge Monitoring, which was part of the Bankers Surety Team. Mr. Cassell has over 20 years of experience providing correctional solutions to the criminal justice industry. His previous positions include Director of Operations for ADT Correctional Services, Director of Customer Support for G4S Justice Services, and National Sales and Marketing Manager for ElmoTech Inc. He holds a Criminal Justice Degree from Henry Ford College in Dearborn Heights, Michigan. 
 
 Peter K. Poli has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2017. In addition, he has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Emerge Monitoring, Inc., Secretary and Treasurer of Track Group Puerto Rico, Inc., Secretary of Track Group Analytics, Limited and Manager of Emerge Monitoring LLC, all of which are subsidiaries of the Company, since May 2017. Before joining the Company, Mr. Poli served as the Chief Financial Officer of Grand Banks Yachts Limited from August 18, 2004 through December 31, 2015. In addition, he served as an Executive Director of Grand Banks Yachts from March 31, 2008 through October 28, 2015. Prior to his time with Grand Banks Yachts Limited, Mr. Poli served as the Chief Financial Officer for Acumen Fund Inc., I-Works Inc., and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of FTD.COM. Mr. Poli also spent nine years as an Investment Banker with Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc. and served as the CFO of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter from 1997 to 1999. In addition, Mr. Poli served as an Independent Director of Leapnet, Inc. from 2000 to 2002. Mr. Poli earned a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Engineering from Brown University in 1983 and an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1987. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires our officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater-than-ten-percent stockholders are also required by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. 
 
 Based solely upon a review of these forms that were furnished to us, we believe that all reports required to be filed by these individuals and persons under Section 16(a) were filed during fiscal year 2021 and that such filings were timely. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 We have established a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code that applies to our officers, directors and employees. This Code contains general guidelines for conducting our business consistent with the highest standards of business ethics, and is intended to qualify as a code of ethics within the meaning of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder. A copy of our Code is available online at www.trackgrp.com . Any amendments to or waivers from a provision of our Code that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of the Code will be made available to the public at the aforementioned website. 
 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 
 In addition to Messrs. Cassell and Dubois leadership, the Board maintains effective independent oversight through a number of governance practices, including, open and direct communication with management, input on meeting agendas, and regular executive sessions. 

-30-

Table of Contents 

Board Role in Risk Assessment 
 
 Management, in consultation with outside professionals, as applicable, identifies risks associated with the Company s operations, strategies and financial statements. Risk assessment is also performed through periodic reports received by the Board from management, counsel and the Company s independent registered public accountants relating to risk assessment and management. Our Board meets privately in executive sessions with representatives of the Company s independent registered public accountants. The Board also provides risk oversight through its periodic reviews of the financial and operational performance of the Company. 
 
 Director Nominations 
 
 The Board nominates directors for election at the annual meetings of stockholders held and appoints new directors to fill vacancies when they arise, and has the responsibility to identify, evaluate and recruit qualified candidates to the Board for such nomination or appointment. 
 
 The Board identifies director nominees by first considering those current members of the Board who are willing to continue service. Current members of the Board with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue service are considered for re-nomination, balancing the value of continuity of service by existing members of the Board with that of obtaining a new perspective. Nominees for director are selected by a majority of the members of the Board. Although the Company does not have a formal diversity policy, in considering the suitability of director nominees, the Board considers such factors as it deems appropriate to develop a Board that is diverse in nature and comprised of experienced and seasoned advisors. Factors considered by the Board include judgment, knowledge, skill, diversity, integrity, experience with businesses and other organizations of comparable size, including experience in the software and/or technology industries, software, intellectual property, business, finance, administration or public service, the relevance of a candidate s experience to our needs and experience of other Board members, experience with accounting rules and practices, the desire to balance the considerable benefit of continuity with the periodic injection of the fresh perspective provided by new members, and the extent to which a candidate would be a desirable addition to the Board and any committees of the Board. 
 
 A stockholder who wishes to suggest a prospective nominee for the Board may notify the Secretary of the Company in writing with any supporting material the stockholder considers appropriate. Nominees suggested by stockholders are considered in the same way as nominees suggested from other sources. 
 
 In addition, the Company s Bylaws contain provisions that address the process by which a stockholder may nominate an individual to stand for election to the Board at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders. In order to nominate a candidate for director, a stockholder must give timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Company and otherwise comply with the provisions of the Company s Bylaws. Information required by the Company s Bylaws to be in the notice include: the name, contact information and share ownership information for the candidate and the person making the nomination, and other information about the nominee that must be disclosed in proxy solicitations under Section 14 of the Exchange Act and its related rules and regulations. The Board may also require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Board to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as director of the Company. The recommendation should be sent to: Secretary, Track Group, Inc., 200 E. 5th Avenue, Suite 100, Naperville, Illinois 60563. You can obtain a copy of the Company s Bylaws by writing to the Secretary at this address. 
 
 Stockholder Communications 
 
 If you wish to communicate with the Board, you may send your communication in writing to: Secretary, Track Group, Inc., 200 E. 5th Avenue, Suite 100, Naperville, Illinois 60563. You must include your name and address in the written communication and indicate whether you are a stockholder of the Company. The Secretary will review any communication received from a stockholder, and all material and appropriate communications from stockholders will be forwarded to the appropriate director or directors or committee of the Board based on the subject matter. 
 
 Board Meetings 
 
 Directors are generally elected for a term of one year until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected or appointed and duly qualified. Vacancies on the Board which are created by the retirement, resignation or removal of a director, may be filled by the vote of the remaining members of the Board, with such new director serving the remainder of the term or until his/her successor is elected and qualified. 
 
 The Board is elected by and is accountable to our stockholders. The Board establishes policy and provides strategic direction, oversight, and control. The Board met 12 times during the year ended September 30, 2021 and incumbent directors attended approximately 92 of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board. 

-31-

Table of Contents 

Board Committees and Charters 
 
 Prior to May 31, 2018, the Board had three standing committees which consisted of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Due to the resignations of certain former directors during 2018 as previously disclosed by the Company and the current size of the Board, these committees are no longer active. Instead, the full Board administers the duties of each of these committees and will likely do so for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Prior to May 31, 2018, we had a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The primary duties of the Audit Committee were to oversee (i) management s conduct related to our financial reporting process, including reviewing the financial reports and other financial information provided by the Company, and reviewing our systems of internal accounting and financial controls, (ii) our independent auditors qualifications and independence and the audit and non-audit services provided to the Company, and (iii) the engagement and performance of our independent auditors. The Audit Committee assisted the Board in providing oversight of our financial and related activities, including capital market transactions. The Audit Committee has a charter, a copy of which is available on our website at www.trackgrp.com . 
 
 Currently, the entire Board serves in the capacity as an Audit Committee with Ms. Macleod also serving as Committee Chair. With the exception of Mr. Sehnaoui, each member of the Audit Committee, satisfy, as determined by the full Board, the definition of independent director as established in the OTC Rules and all members are financially literate. In accordance with Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Board designated Ms. Macleod as the Audit Committee s audit committee financial expert as defined by the applicable regulations promulgated by the SEC. The Audit Committee met with our Chief Financial Officer and with our independent registered public accounting firm and evaluated the responses by the Chief Financial Officer, both to the facts presented and to the judgments made by our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 Our full Board reviewed and discussed the matters required by United States auditing standards required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB and our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 with management and our independent registered public accounting firm. Our Board received the written disclosures and the letter from our independent registered public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board No. 1, and our Board discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the independent registered public accounting firm's independence. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 We currently do not have a compensation committee of the Board or a committee performing similar functions. It is the view of the Board that it is appropriate for us not to have such a committee because of our size and because the Board participates in the consideration of executive compensation. As such, the entire Board has the responsibility for developing and maintaining an executive compensation policy that creates a direct relationship between pay levels and corporate performance and returns to stockholders. The Board monitors the results of such policy to assure that the compensation payable to our executive officers provides overall competitive pay levels, creates proper incentives to enhance stockholder value, rewards superior performance, and is justified by the returns available to stockholders. The Board also has the ability to retain outside benefit consultants to assess compensation policies and adjust as recommended. 
 
 Additionally, the Board administers compensation plans in a manner consistent with the terms of such plans (including, as applicable, the granting of stock options, restricted stock, stock units and other awards, the review of performance goals established before the start of the relevant plan year, and the determination of performance compared to the goals at the end of the plan year). None of our executive officers served as a director or member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board. 

-32-

Table of Contents 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 We do not have a nominating committee. Our Board selects individuals to stand for election as members of the Board and does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our stockholders. Our Board has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when it considers a nominee for a position on the Board. As such, the entire Board has the responsibility for identifying and recommending candidates to fill vacant and newly created Board positions, setting corporate governance guidelines regarding director qualifications and responsibilities, and planning for senior management succession. 
 
 Currently, our full Board is required to review the qualifications and backgrounds of all directors and nominees (without regard to whether a nominee has been recommended by stockholders), as well as the overall composition of the Board, and recommend director candidates to be nominated for election at the annual meeting of stockholders, or, in the case of a vacancy on the Board, elect a new director to fill such vacancy. If stockholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our Board, they may do so by communicating directly with our Secretary at the address specified on the cover of this annual report. There has not been any change to the procedures that our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board. 
 
 Independent Directors 
 
 The Board has determined that Mr. Dubois and Ms. Macleod are currently the Company s independent directors as defined by the rules and regulations of the OTC Markets. Mr. Dubois and Ms. Macleod meet the independence standards established by the OTC Markets and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In addition, the Board has determined that of its current directors, Ms. Macleod satisfies the definition of an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules and regulations. These designations do not impose any duties, obligations or liabilities that are greater than those generally imposed as members of the Board, and the designation as an audit committee financial expert does not affect the duties, obligations or liability of any other member of the Board. 
 
 Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 
 As permitted by Delaware law, the Company will indemnify its directors and officers against expenses and liabilities they incur to defend, settle, or satisfy any civil or criminal action brought against them on account of their being or having been Company directors or officers unless, in any such action, they are adjudged to have acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The following discussion relates to the compensation of our named executive officers . 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following summary compensation table sets forth the compensation paid to the following persons for our fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020: 

(a) 
 our principal executive officer; 

(b) 
 our other two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and who had total compensation exceeding 100,000; and 

(c) 
 additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at the end of the most recently completed financial year (together, the Named Executive Officers ). 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock Awards 

All Other Compensation 

Total 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 

) 

) 

)(1) 

)(2) 

) 

Derek Cassell 
 2021 

287,500 

165,000 

- 

100 

452,600 

Chief Executive Officer and Former President 
 2020 

275,000 

275,000 

- 

- 

550,000 

Peter Poli 
 2021 

262,500 

75,000 

- 

100 

337,600 

Chief Financial Officer 
 2020 

250,000 

125,000 

- 

- 

375,000 

(1) 
 This column represents the grant date fair value in accordance with ASC 718. These amounts do not represent the actual value that may be realized by the named executive officers. 

(2) 
 This column represents the value of holiday gift cards received by employees. 

-33-

Table of Contents 

Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Poli Employment Agreement 
 
 On December 12, 2016, the Company entered into a three-year employment agreement with Mr. Poli (the Poli Employment Agreement ). Under the terms and conditions of the Poli Employment Agreement, Mr. Poli began receiving a base salary equal to 240,000 per annum beginning in January 2017, and received an option to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the date approved by the Board. One-half of this option vested on January 1, 2018, and the remaining one-half vested on January 1, 2019. If the Company terminates Mr. Poli s employment as a result of an involuntary termination, he would receive an amount equal to 12 months base salary, plus any annual bonus deemed to be vested and earned as well as certain COBRA benefits. 
 
 An amendment to the Poli Employment Agreement was approved at a Board meeting on December 13, 2017, and such amendment was executed on January 3, 2018. Pursuant to the terms of the Poli Agreement, as amended (the Poli Amendment ), effective January 1, 2018, Mr. Poli s employment was extended three years, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods thereafter unless either party provides the other with notice of its intent not to renew the Poli Agreement at least six months prior to termination. In addition, the Poli Amendment provides: (i) an increase in Mr. Poli s base salary to 250,000 per year; (ii) the issuance of 150,000 unregistered restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, which shall vest annually in increments of 50,000 beginning January 1, 2018; and (iii) in the event of a change of control, Mr. Poli shall be entitled to a cash payment equal to one year s salary, plus all restricted stock, warrants and options previously issued to Mr. Poli shall become immediately vested and exercisable. 
 
 The Poli Amendment renewed effective January 1, 2021 and on February 23, 2021 the Board of Directors approved an increase in Mr. Poli s base salary to 275,000 per year effective March 21, 2021. In the event of a change of control, Mr. Poli shall be entitled to a cash payment equal to one year s salary, plus all restricted stock, warrants and options previously issued to Mr. Poli shall become immediately vested and exercisable. 
 
 Cassell Employment Agreement 
 
 On December 1, 2016, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Cassell, which was subsequently amended on February 13, 2017 (the Cassell Employment Agreement ). Under the terms and conditions of the Cassell Employment Agreement, Mr. Cassell received a base salary equal to 240,000 per annum, and received 60,000 unregistered restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock. One-half of these shares vested immediately upon issuance, and the remaining one-half vested on March 30, 2018. If the Company terminates Mr. Cassel s employment as a result of an involuntary termination, he would receive an amount equal to 12 months base salary, plus any annual bonus deemed to be vested and earned as well as certain COBRA benefits. 
 
 A second amendment to the Cassell Employment Agreement was approved at a Board meeting held on December 13, 2017, and such amendment was executed on January 4, 2018. Under the terms of the Cassell Agreement, as amended (the Second Cassell Amendment ), effective January 1, 2018, Mr. Cassell was promoted from President to Chief Executive Officer of the Company, a position which he shall hold until December 31, 2020, unless earlier terminated or extended. Should Mr. Cassell elect to voluntarily terminate his employment with the Company, he must provide written notice of his intent to do so at least 180 days prior to terminating his employment. In addition, the Second Cassell Amendment provides: (i) an increase in Mr. Cassell s base salary to 275,000 per year; (ii) an increase, to 100 of his base salary, in his annual bonus effective for bonus plan year 2018 and thereafter; (iii) the issuance of 300,000 unregistered restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, which shall vest annually in increments of 100,000 beginning January 1, 2018; and (iv) in the event of a change of control, Mr. Cassell shall be entitled to a cash payment equal to one year s salary, plus all restricted stock, warrants and options previously issued to Mr. Cassell shall become immediately vested and exercisable. 
 
 A third amendment to the Cassell Employment Agreement was approved at a Board meeting held on December 18, 2020, and such amendment was executed on December 21, 2020 (the Third Cassell Amendment ). Under the terms of the Third Cassell Amendment, effective January 1, 2021, Mr. Cassell s employment was extended one year and on February 23, 2021, the Board of Directors approved an increase in Mr. Cassell s base salary to 300,000 per year effective March 21, 2021. In the event of a change of control, Mr. Cassell shall be entitled to a cash payment equal to one year s salary, plus all restricted stock, warrants and options previously issued to Mr. Cassell shall become immediately vested and exercisable. 
 
 A fourth amendment to the Cassell Employment Agreement was approved at a Board meeting held on December 15, 2021 (the Fourth Cassell Amendment ). Under the terms of the Fourth Cassell Amendment, Mr. Cassell s employment will continue in effect until terminated by either party in accordance with the terms established under the Cassell Employment Agreement. 

-34-

Table of Contents 

Outstanding Equity Awards at September 30, 2021 
 
 There are no outstanding shares, stock option awards and warrants held by each of the Named Executive Officers as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, each of our non-employee directors received 25,000 per quarter for serving on the Board, which fees were payable in cash. The members of the Board are also eligible for reimbursement of their expenses incurred in attending Board meetings in accordance with our policies. 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each non-employee director having served during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021: 

Stock Awards 

Warrant Awards 

Cash 

Total Fees Earned 

Name 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Guy Dubois 

- 

- 

100,000 

100,000 

Karen Macleod 

- 

- 

100,000 

100,000 

Karim Sehnaoui 

- 

- 

100,000 

100,000 

Director Warrants 
 
 The following table lists the warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock held by each of our non-employee directors as of December 1, 2021, all of which were granted in connection with their services as directors: 

Number of 

Compensation 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Exercise price 

warrants 

Expense 

Guy Dubois (1) 
 3/22/2013 
 3/21/2022 

1.24 

2,385 

11,682 

4/16/2013 
 4/14/2022 

1.24 

64,665 

285,003 

7/1/2013 
 6/30/2022 

1.24 

4,083 

23,640 

10/1/2013 
 9/30/2022 

1.24 

2,280 

17,982 

1/2/2014 
 12/31/2023 

1.24 

2,344 

12,014 

4/1/2014 
 3/31/2023 

1.24 

2,432 

8,684 

6/3/2014 
 6/2/2023 

1.24 

51,576 

300,326 

7/1/2014 
 6/30/2023 

1.24 

2,647 

7,270 

1/27/2014 
 1/27/2022 

1.24 

14,988 

61,918 

4/20/2015 
 4/20/2022 

1.24 

8,868 

27,464 

8/14/2015 
 8/14/2022 

1.24 

113,310 

300,000 

10/1/2015 
 9/30/2022 

1.24 

8,571 

25,114 

10/15/2015 
 10/14/2022 

1.24 

12,676 

25,859 

1/15/2016 
 1/15/2023 

1.24 

15,126 

45,008 

4/1/2016 
 3/31/2023 

1.24 

14,286 

47,572 

7/1/2016 
 6/30/2023 

1.24 

18,000 

53,454 

Karen Macleod 
 7/1/2016 
 6/30/2023 

1.24 

9,000 

37,154 

1/1/2017 
 12/31/2021 

1.15 

9,191 

25,000 

4/1/2017 
 3/31/2022 

1.15 

12,195 

25,000 

(1) 
 Mr. Dubois served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer from September 2016 until December 31, 2017. Effective January 1, 2018 he resigned from such position but continues to serve as Chair of the Board. 

Compensation Risks Assessment 
 
 As required by rules adopted by the SEC, management has assessed our compensation policies and practices with respect to all employees to determine whether risks arising from those policies and practices are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. In doing so, management considered various features and elements of the compensation policies and practices that discourage excessive or unnecessary risk taking. As a result of the assessment, we have determined that our compensation policies and practices do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have material adverse effects. 

-35-

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 
 The following table presents information regarding beneficial ownership as of December 1, 2021 (the Table Date ), of our Common Stock by (i) each stockholder known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our Common Stock; (ii) each of our Named Executive Officers serving as of the Table Date; (iii) each of our directors serving as of the Table Date; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 
 We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all securities they beneficially own. As of the Table Date, the applicable percentage ownership is based on 11,524,978 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Beneficial ownership representing less than one percent of the issued and outstanding shares of a class is denoted with an asterisk ). Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

5 Beneficial Owners: 

ETS Limited (2) 

4,871,745 

42.3 

Safety Invest S.A., Compartment Secure I (3) 

1,740,697 

15.1 

Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Guy Dubois (4) 

653,568 

5.7 

Karen Macleod (5) 

94,939 

0.8 

Karim Sehnaoui (6) 

14,021 

0.1 

Derek Cassell (7) 

317,209 

2.8 

Peter Poli (8) 

187,241 

1.6 

All directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons) 

1,266,978 

11.0 

(1) 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the business address for these beneficial owners is c/o the Company, 200 E. 5 th Avenue, Suite 100, Naperville, Illinois 60563. 

(2) 
 Address is c/o Mourant Ozannes Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, PO Box 1348, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands. Holding information is based on Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13D filed by ADS Securities LLC on February 9, 2018. 

(3) 
 Secure I is a compartment of Safety Invest S.A. Safety ), a company established under the Luxembourg Securitization Law and incorporated as a soci t anonyme under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg whose principal business is to enter into one or more securitization transactions. Holding information is based on Schedule 13D filed on March 20, 2019. 

(4) 
 Holdings consist of 315,331 shares of Common Stock owned of record and 338,237 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock purchase warrants. 

(5) 
 Holdings includes 64,553 shares of Common Stock owned of record and 30,386 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock purchase warrants. 

(6) 
 Holdings include 14,021 shares of Common Stock owned of record. 

(7) 
 Holdings include 317,209 shares of Common Stock owned of record. 

(8) 
 Holdings include 187,241 shares of Common Stock owned of record. 

-36-

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information as of September 30, 2021 regarding equity compensation plans approved by our security holders and equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our security holders: 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in first column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

457,075 
 (1) 

1.74 

27,218 
 (2) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

457,075 

1.74 

27,218 

(1) 
 Consists of shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options issued under the 2012 Plan. 

(2) 
 Consists of shares of our Common Stock reserved for future issuance under the 2012 Plan. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 ETS Limited is currently the beneficial owner of 4,871,745 shares of the Company's Common Stock Track Group Shares held by ADS Securities LLC ADS under an agreement dated September 28, 2017 pursuant to which ADS transferred all of the Track Group Shares to ETS Limited in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of ETS Limited. A Director of ETS Limited was elected to the Company's Board of Directors on February 7, 2018. 
 
 On September 8, 2020, the Company received a letter from ADS informing the Company that ADS had been assigned the right to payment under that certain Loan Facility dated September 14, 2015, by and between Sapinda Asia Limited and the Company (the Sapinda Loan Agreement ). On September 30, 2020, the Company and ADS settled the outstanding amount due under the Sapinda Loan Agreement for 2.7 million. The Company recorded a gain of approximately 0.7 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 

-37-

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, Eide Bailly served as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following table presents approximate aggregate fees and other expenses for professional services rendered by Eide Bailly, our independent registered public accounting firm, for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 and fees and other expenses for other services rendered during those periods. 

2021 

2020 

Audit Fees (1) 

183,000 

189,672 

Audit-Related Fees (2) 

- 

8,644 

Tax Fees (3) 

10,700 

22,000 

All Other Fees (4) 

11,500 

13,250 

Total 

205,200 

233,566 

(1) 
 Audit services in 2021 and 2020 consisted of the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, and other services related to filings and registration statements filed by us and our subsidiaries, and other pertinent matters. Eide Bailly has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since September 24, 2013. 

(2) 
 Audit-related fees consisted of travel costs related to our annual audit. 

(3) 
 For permissible professional services related to income tax return preparation and compliance. 

(4) 
 All other fees are related to the audit of the 401(k) financial statements. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 
 Prior to May 31, 2018, our former Audit Committee had, and subsequent to such date our entire Board of Directors has, established pre-approval policies and procedures, pursuant to which the Audit Committee approved the foregoing audit and permissible non-audit services provided by Eide Bailly in fiscal 2018 and the full Board of Directors approved the foregoing audit and permissible non-audit services provided by Eide Bailly in fiscal 2020. Such procedures govern the ways in which the Audit Committee pre-approved, and the full Board of Directors now pre-approves, audit and various categories of non-audit services that the auditor provides to the Company. Services that have not received pre-approval must receive specific approval of the full Board for fiscal 2021. 
 
 Auditor Independence 
 
 Our Audit Committee and the full Board of Directors considered that the work done for us in fiscal year 2021 and 2020, respectively, by Eide Bailly was compatible with maintaining Eide Bailly s independence. 
 
 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
 Date: December 15, 2021 
 The full Board, serving in the capacity of the Company s Audit Committee, has reviewed and discussed with management and Eide Bailly, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, the audited consolidated financial statements in the Track Group, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. The Board has also discussed with Eide Bailly, LLP those matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). 
 
 Eide Bailly, LLP also provided the Board with the written disclosures and the letter required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditor s communication with the Board concerning independence. The Board has discussed with the registered public accounting firm their independence from our Company. 
 
 Based on its discussions with management and the registered public accounting firm, and its review of the representations and information provided by management and the registered public accounting firm, including as set forth above, the Board determined that the audited financial statements should be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Respectfully Submitted, Karen Macleod, Committee Chair Guy Dubois Karim Sehnaoui 

The information contained above under the caption Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 

-38-

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 

Report of Eide Bailly LLP 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-9 

2. Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 3. Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the Commission: 

Exhibit Number 
 Title of Document 

3(i)(1) 
 Articles of Transfer of Track Group, Inc., a Utah corporation, dated August 5, 2016 (previously filed on August 9, 2016 as Exhibit 3(i)(3) to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016). 

3(i)(2) 
 Certificate of Conversion Converting Track Group, Inc., a Utah corporation, to Track Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, dated August 5, 2016 (previously filed on August 9, 2016 as Exhibit 3(i)(4) to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016). 

3(i)(3) 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Track Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (previously filed on August 9, 2016 as Exhibit 3(i)(5) to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016). 

3(1)(4) 
 Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, dated October 12, 2017 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 13, 2017). 

3(ii)(2) 
 Bylaws of Track Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (previously filed on August 9, 2016 as Exhibit 3(ii)(2) to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016). 

4.01 
 2012 Equity Incentive Award Plan (previously filed as Exhibit to Definitive Proxy Statement, filed October 25, 2011, and amended in accordance with the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement, filed April 9, 2015). 

10.1 
 Amended and Restated Facility Agreement, dated June 30, 2015, by and between Track Group, Inc. and Conrent Invest S.A, acting on behalf of its compartment Safety 2 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 15, 2015). 

10.2 
 Loan Agreement between Sapinda Asia Limited and Track Group, Inc., dated September 14, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 28, 2015). 

10.3 
 Loan Agreement, by and between Conrent Invest S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment Safety III, and Track Group, Inc., dated May 1, 2016 (previously filed in August 2016 as an Exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the nine months ended June 30, 2016). 

10.4 
 Employment agreement, by and between Track Group Inc. and Peter Poli, dated December 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 16, 2016). 

10.5 
 Employment Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and Derek Cassell dated, December 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed February 14, 2017). 

10.6 
 Services Agreement, dated December 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed February 14, 2017). 

10.7 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement by and between Track Group Inc. and Derek Cassell, dated February 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed February 14, 2017). 

10.8 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and Peter K. Poli dated, January 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 5, 2018). 

10.9 
 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement by and between Track Group Inc. and Derek Cassell, dated January 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 5, 2018). 

10.10 
 Monitoring Services Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and Marion County Community Corrections Agency, dated December 18, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed February 8, 2018). 

10.11 
 Monitoring Services Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and Gendarmeria of Chile, the Republic of Chile s uniformed prison service, dated July 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 17, 2020. 

10.12 
 Amendment Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and Conrent Invest S.A., dated July 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 19, 2018). 

10.13 
 Amendment Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and Conrent Invest S.A., dated February 24, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 28, 2019). 

10.14 
 Amendment Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and Conrent Invest S.A., dated January 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 15, 2020). 

10.15 
 Note Payable Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and BMO Harris Bank National Association, dated May 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 27, 2020). 

10.16 
 Monitoring Services Agreement between Track Group, Inc. and Gendarmeria de Chile, the Republic of Chile s uniform prison service, dated July 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 17, 2020). 

10.17 
 Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement between Track Group, Inc. and Derek Cassell, dated December 21, 2020. 

10.18 
 Amendment to Facility Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. and Conrent Invest S.A., acting on behalf of its compartment, Safety 2 , dated December 21, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 23, 2020). 

10.19 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Executive Employment Agreement between Track Group, Inc. and Derek Cassell Dated December 15, 2021 

14.1 
 Code of Business Conduct Ethics (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed December 19, 2017). 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed January 28, 2019). 

31(i) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

31(ii) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32 
 Certifications under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) (filed herewith). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document and included in Exhibit 101) 

-39-

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Track Group, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Derek Cassell 

Derek Cassell 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Peter K. Poli 

Peter K. Poli Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: December 16, 2021 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Guy Dubois 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 December 16, 2021 

Guy Dubois 

/s/ Karen Macleod 
 
 Director 
 
 December 16, 2021 

Karen Macleod 

/s/ Karim Sehnaoui 
 
 Director 
 
 December 16, 2021 

Karim Sehnaoui 

-40-

Table of Contents 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Eide Bailly LLP 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F-1

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors 
 Track Group, Inc. 
 Naperville, IL 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Track Group, Inc. as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity/(deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Track Group, Inc. as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to Track Group, Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Track Group, Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Recoverability of Goodwill 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s balance of goodwill was 8,519,998. The determination of the recoverability of goodwill requires management to make significant assumptions and complex judgments related to fair value of the goodwill. On an annual basis and at interim periods when circumstances require, management tests the recoverability of the Company s goodwill. 
 
 We identified the recoverability of goodwill as a critical audit matter. Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Gaining an understanding of management s process and methodology for determining and developing the fair value estimate, including evaluating the appropriateness of the income approach and market approach used to develop the fair value estimate. 

Testing the completeness, accuracy and relevance of the underlying data used in these fair value approaches. 

Evaluating the significant assumptions used by management in the Company s income approach, including the amount and timing of cash flows throughout the forecasted period, the scheduled depreciation expense and capital expenditures necessary to sustain the business. 

Evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable by considering (i) the past performance of the Company, (ii) the consistency of these assumptions with third-party industry and economic date, and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Utilizing a valuation specialist to assist in testing the Company s fair value determination. 

/s/ Eide Bailly LLP 
 
 We have served as Track Group, Inc. s auditor since 2013. Hansen, Barnett and Maxwell, P.C., who joined Eide Bailly LLP in 2013, had served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 December 16, 2021 

F-2

Table of Contents 

TRACK GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

September 30, September 30, 
 Assets 2021 2020 
 Current assets: 
 Cash 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 91,262 and 148,215 , respectively 
 Prepaid expense and deposits 
 Inventory, net of reserves of 0 and 6,483 , respectively 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of 2,615,967 and 2,531,631 , respectively 
 Monitoring equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of 5,977,093 and 6,639,883 , respectively 
 Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of 17,607,456 and 16,390,721 , respectively 
 Goodwill 
 Deferred tax asset 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 Long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 
 Stockholders equity (deficit): 
 Common stock, 0.0001 par value: 30,000,000 shares authorized; 11,524,978 and 11,414,150 shares outstanding, respectively 
 Series A Convertible Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value: 1,200,000 shares authorized; 0 shares outstanding 
 Paid in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total equity (deficit) 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-3

Table of Contents 

TRACK GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 

2020 

Revenue: 

Monitoring and other related services 

Product sales and other 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Monitoring, products and other related services 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expense: 

General administrative 

Selling marketing 

Research development 

Depreciation amortization 

Total operating expense 

Operating income 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Currency exchange rate gain (loss) 

() 

Other income/expense, net 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Net income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Net income (loss) per share basic 

Net income (loss) per common share 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Net income (loss) per share diluted: 

Net income (loss) per common share 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-4

Table of Contents 

TRACK GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Total 

Balance as of October 1, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

- 

() 

() 

Issuance of Common Stock for options/warrants exercised 

() 

Cash received for options/warrants exercised 

- 

Tax withheld on issuance of Common Stock for options/warrants exercised 

- 

() 

() 

Net income 

- 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

() 

() 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Total 

Balance as of October 1, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

Issuance of Common Stock to employees for services 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

- 

Net loss 

- 

() 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

TRACK GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 2020 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income (loss) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Bad debt expense 
 Stock based compensation 
 Loss on monitoring equipment included on cost of sales 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 Amortization of monitoring center assets included in cost of revenue 
 Income on extinguishment of debt 
 Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss 
 Change in assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expense, deposits, deferred tax assets and other assets 
 Accounts payable and accrued expense 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Cash flow from investing activities: 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 Capitalized software 
 Purchase of monitoring equipment and parts 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Cash flow from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from long-term debt 
 Payment of deferred financing fees 
 Principal payments on long-term debt 
 Employee tax withholdings related to net share settlement of equity-based awards 
 Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 Cash, beginning of year 
 Cash, end of year 

2021 

2020 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Interest previously in accrued liabilities and added to Notes Payable (See Note 7) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-6

Table of Contents 

TRACK GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. The Company incurred net income of and a net loss of for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also has of debt maturing in July 2024 and six notes payable maturing between February 2, 2024 and February 17, 2025 related to the construction of two monitoring centers related to a new contract with outstanding balances due for the six notes totaling at September 30, 2021 See Note 7 ). The Company s transition to profitable operations was dependent upon generating a level of revenue adequate to support its cost structure, which it achieved for the fiscal year ended September 20, 2021. The Company is now paying current interest on its debt obligation which matures on July 1, 2024; however, the Company must (i) continue to generate excess cash to repay debt principal; (ii) exchange some or all debt for an equity-related instrument and/or (iii) refinance the existing debt. Management has evaluated the significance of these conditions as well as the time in which it has to complete these tasks and has determined that the Company can meet its operating obligations for the foreseeable future. The Company expects to fund operations using cash on hand and through operational cash flows through the upcoming twelve months and the Company remains confident that it will be able to complete some combination of the tasks outlined above or extend its debt through additional renegotiation over the next two years, if necessary. 

Customer B 
 Customer C 
 Customer D 

No other customer represented more than 10 of the Company s total revenue for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Concentration of credit risk associated with the Company s total and outstanding accounts receivable as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are shown in the table below: 

Customer B 
 Customer C 
 Customer D 

Based upon the expected collectability of our accounts receivable, the Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts. 

and of cash deposits in excess of federally insured limits as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 and , respectively. 

Reserve for damaged or obsolete inventory 
 Total inventory, net of reserves 

The Company uses a third -party fulfillment service provider. As a result of this service, the Company s employees do not actively assemble new product or repair a significant amount of damaged inventory or monitoring equipment shipped directly from suppliers. Purchases of monitoring equipment are recognized directly. Management believes this process reduces maintenance and fulfillment costs associated with inventory and monitoring equipment. Management reviews inventory regularly to identify damaged or obsolete inventory and reserves for potential losses. The Company recorded charges of and during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for inventory that was obsolete, lost or damaged. Obsolete, lost and damaged items are expensed in Monitoring, products other related services in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

Property and equipment consisted of the following as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively: 

Automobiles 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Total property and equipment before accumulated depreciation 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment to be disposed of is reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value, less the estimated costs to sell and any gains or losses are included in the results of operations. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and September 30,2020, the Company disposed of and fully depreciated fixed assets, respectively. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized gain, respectively on the disposal of property and equipment. Internally developed software costs related to the Company s monitoring platform are recorded as intangible assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. See Note 13. 
 
 Depreciation expense recognized for property and equipment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 

Less: accumulated depreciation 
 Monitoring equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. This expense was classified as a cost of revenue. 
 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded charges of and , respectively, for devices that were lost stolen or damaged. Lost, stolen and damaged items are expensed in Monitoring, product and other related services in the Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Monitoring and Other Related Services 
 
 Monitoring services include two components: (i) lease contracts pursuant to which the Company provides monitoring services and lease devices to distributors or end users and the Company retains ownership of the leased device; and (ii) monitoring services purchased by distributors or end users who have previously purchased monitoring devices and opt to use the Company s monitoring services. Sales of devices and leased GPS devices are required to use the Company s monitoring service and both the GPS leased devices and monitoring services are accounted for as a single performance obligation. The rates for leased devices and monitoring services are considered to be stated at their individual stand-alone selling prices. The Company recognizes revenue on leased devices and monitoring services at the end of each month the services have been provided and payment terms are 30 days from invoice date. In those circumstances in which the Company receives payment in advance, the Company records these payments as deferred revenue. 
 
 Product Sales and Other 
 
 The Company sells devices and replacement parts to customers under certain contracts, as well as law enforcement software licenses and maintenance, and analytical software. Revenue transactions associated to the sale of devices and replacement parts comprise a single performance obligation. We satisfy the performance obligation when the Company has transferred control of the product to the customer and they receive substantially all of the benefits. Transfer of control passes to customers upon shipment or upon receipt depending on the country of the sale and the agreement with the customer. The transaction price is determined based upon the invoiced sales price and payment terms for the transaction depends on the agreement with the customer and payment is generally required within 60 days or less of shipment. The Company recognizes revenue from other services as the customer receives services and the Company has the right to payment. When purchasing products (such as ReliAlert devices) from the Company, customers may, but are not required to, enter into monitoring service contracts with us. The Company recognizes revenue on monitoring services for customers that have previously purchased devices at the end of each month that monitoring services have been provided. 
 
 Multiple Element Arrangements 
 
 The majority of our revenue transactions do not have multiple elements. However, on occasion, the Company may enter into revenue transactions that have multiple elements. These may include different combinations of products or services that are included in a single billable rate. These products or services are delivered over time as the customer utilizes our services. In cases where obligations in a contract are distinct and thus require separation into multiple performance obligations, revenue recognition guidance requires that contract consideration be allocated to each distinct performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. The value allocated to each performance obligation is then recognized as revenue when the revenue recognition criteria for each distinct promise or bundle of promises has been met. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 The Company considers an arrangement with payment terms longer than the Company s normal terms not to be fixed or determinable. Normal payment terms for the sale of monitoring services and products are due upon receipt to 30 days. The Company sells devices and services directly to end users and to distributors. Distributors do not have general rights of return. Also, distributors have no price protection or stock protection rights with respect to devices sold to them by us. Generally, title and risk of loss pass to the buyer upon delivery of the devices. 
 
 The Company estimates product returns based on historical experience and maintains an allowance for estimated returns, which is recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable and revenue. 
 
 Shipping and handling fees charged to customers are included as part of total revenue. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to customers are included as a component of cost of revenue. 
 
 and , respectively. 
 
 and , respectively. 

per share Common Stock ). As of September 30, 2021, there were outstanding common share equivalents that were not included in the computation of diluted net income per common share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. The Common Stock equivalents outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following: 

Total Common Stock equivalents 

At September 30, 2021 stock options and warrants have exercise prices that were below the market price of and have been included in the diluted earnings per share calculations. At September 30, 2020, all stock option and warrant exercise prices were above the market price of , and thus have not been included in the basic earnings per share calculation. 
 
 million upon adoption. See Note 12. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017 - 04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment . The new guidance simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two -step impairment test. The amendment requires an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. The new guidance for accelerated filing companies will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and all other entities should adopt the amendments in this update for its annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. Management does not anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016 - 13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU 2016 - 13 adds a current expected credit loss CECL impairment model to U.S. GAAP that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. Modified retrospective adoption is required with any cumulative-effect adjustment recorded to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. ASU 2016 - 13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, excluding smaller reporting entities, which will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company will adopt ASU 2016 - 13 in fiscal year 2023. The Company does not expect the application of the CECL impairment model to have a significant impact on our allowance for uncollectible amounts for accounts receivable. 

, and . The balance of the deferred revenue at September 30, 2021, September 30, 2020 and October 1, 2019 are , and , respectively, and are included in accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognized and of deferred revenue in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Product Sales and Other. The Company sells devices and replacement parts to customers under certain contracts, as well as law enforcement software licenses and maintenance, and analytical software. Revenue from the sale of devices and parts is recognized upon their transfer of control to the customer, which is generally upon delivery. Delivery is considered complete at either the time of shipment or arrival at destination, based on the agreed upon terms within the contract. Payment terms are generally 30 days from invoice date. 

Multiple Element Arrangements. The majority of our revenue transactions do not have multiple elements. However, on occasion, the Company may enter into revenue transactions that have multiple elements. These may include different combinations of products or services that are included in a single billable rate. These products or services are delivered over time as the customer utilizes our services. In cases where obligations in a contract are distinct and thus require separation into multiple performance obligations, revenue recognition guidance requires that contract consideration be allocated to each distinct performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. The value allocated to each performance obligation is then recognized as revenue when the revenue recognition criteria for each distinct promise or bundle of promises has been met. 
 
 The standalone selling price for each performance obligation is an amount that depicts the amount of consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the good or service. When there is only one performance obligation associated with a contract, the entire sale value is attributed to that obligation. When a contract contains multiple performance obligations the transaction value is first allocated using the observable price, which is generally a list price net of applicable discount or the price used to sell in similar circumstances. In circumstances when a selling price is not directly observable, the Company will estimate the standalone selling price using information available to us. 
 
 The following tables present the Company s revenue disaggregated by geography, based on management s assessment of available data: 

Latin America 
 Other 
 Total 

The above table includes total revenue for the Company, of which monitoring and other related services is the majority (approximately for fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020) of the Company s revenue. Latin America includes Bahamas, Chile, Mexico, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Other includes Canada, New Zealand, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, the United Kingdom and Vietnam. 

and , respectively. Other assets at September 30, 2021 are comprised largely of cash used as collateral for Performance Bonds (as defined in Note 12 ), as well as contractually required monitoring center and other equipment, right of use assets, lease deposits and other long-term assets. The Company anticipates these performance bonds will be reimbursed to the Company upon completion of its contracts with the customer. 
 
 The Company is contractually obligated to construct and equip two monitoring centers for an international customer, as well as supply equipment for the customer s satellite locations, which will be owned by the customer when construction is completed. The Company has incurred approximately million in costs for two monitoring centers and related equipment at September 30, 2021, and estimates the total to construct and equip the locations will be approximately million. The cost of the Santiago monitoring center, which was completed in June 2021 is approximately million and began monthly amortization in Monitoring, products and other related services on the Consolidated Statement of Operations over the life of the new contract in June 2021. Amortization of costs related to the Santiago monitoring center for the twelve -months ended September 30, 2021 were . The Company will record revenue from the customer based on a contractually agreed upon unit per day amount during the contract period. See Note 7 for details of the borrowings related to the monitoring centers construction and equipment. 

F-14

Table of Contents 

Deferred revenue 
 Accrued taxes - foreign and domestic 
 Accrued other expense 
 Accrued legal and other professional costs 
 Accrued costs of revenue 
 Right of use liability 
 Deferred financing fees 
 Accrued interest 
 Total accrued liabilities 

On March 1, 2021 accrued interest outstanding related to the Conrent Amended Facility Agreement was capitalized, increasing the principal of the outstanding loan. See Note 7. 

shares of the Company's Common Stock Track Group Shares held by ADS Securities LLC ADS under an agreement dated September 28, 2017 pursuant to which ADS transferred all of the Track Group Shares to ETS Limited in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of ETS Limited. A Director of ETS Limited was elected to the Company's current Board of Directors on February 7, 2018. 
 
 On September 8, 2020, the Company received a letter from ADS informing the Company that ADS had been assigned the right to payment under that certain Loan Facility dated September 14, 2015, by and between Sapinda Asia Limited and the Company (the Sapinda Loan Agreement ). On September 30, 2020, the Company and ADS settled the outstanding amount due under the Sapinda Loan Agreement for million. The Company recorded a gain of approximately million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 

Note payable with BMO Harris Bank for a Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan with the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ), bearing interest at a rate of 1 per annum, with a maturity of May 19, 2022. The loan was forgiven on January 8, 2021. 

Note Payable Agreement with HP Financial Services Chile Limitada bearing interest at a rate of 6.56 per annum, with a maturity date of February 6, 2024. 

Note Payable Agreement with Banco Santander, net of unamortized issuance costs of 21,833 at September 30, 2021, bearing interest at a rate of 5.04 per annum, with a maturity date of May 11, 2024. 

Note Payable Agreement with Banco Estado, net of unamortized issuance costs of 15,607 at September 30, 2021, bearing interest at a rate of 3.50 per annum, with a maturity date of January 2, 2024. 

Note Payable Agreement with HP Financial Services Chile Limitada bearing interest at a rate of 6.61 per annum, with a maturity date of March 4, 2024. 

Note Payable Agreement with Banco de Chile, net of unamortized issuance costs of 323 at September 30, 2021, bearing interest at a rate of 2.54 per annum, with a maturity date of March 4, 2024. 

Note Payable Agreement with Banco de Chile, net of unamortized issuance costs of 29,414 at September 30, 2021, bearing interest at a rate of 3.12 per annum, with a maturity date of February 17, 2025. 

Total debt obligations 

Less: current portion 

() 

() 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

On October 21, 2020, the Company requested, in writing, an additional extension to the maturity date of the million Amended Facility Agreement. On November 25, 2020, the noteholders who owned the securities from Conrent used to finance the Amended Facility Agreement (the Noteholders held a meeting to address the Company s request and approved a new maturity date of July 1, 2024. On December 21, 2020, Conrent and the Company signed an amendment to the Amended Facility Agreement which extends the maturity date of the Amended Facility Agreement to July 1, 2024 Amended Facility ), capitalizes the accrued and unpaid interest increasing the outstanding principal amount and reduces the interest rate of the Amended Facility from to . On March 1, 2021, Conrent completed their documentation and the updated registration process to implement these changes and the Company transferred of accrued interest to the note payable for total principal of . Conrent forgave of the amount due and the new Amended Facility principal and interest became . Interest payments are scheduled to be made on June 30 and December 31 each year, which began June 30, 2021. We began amortizing deferred financing fees of approximately on July 1, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, of principal and of interest was owed to Conrent. 

On May 19, 2020, the Company received net proceeds of from a potentially forgivable loan from the SBA pursuant to the PPP enacted by Congress under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 15 U.S.C. 636 (a)( 36 )) (the CARES Act administered by the SBA (the PPP Loan ). On December 8, 2020, the Company filed the application for forgiveness with BMO Harris Bank National Association (the Lender and on January 8, 2021, the Company received a notification from the Lender that the SBA remitted funds to fully repay the PPP Loan, and that the funds were utilized to pay-off and close the PPP Loan and that the PPP Loan was fully forgiven. 
 
 On January 6, 2021, the Company borrowed Chilean Pesos CLP ( USD) from HP Financial Services Chile Limitada. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with HP Financial Services Chile Limitada as lender. The loan was used to purchase PABX (private automatic branch exchange phone equipment) for the construction of the Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring centers in Santiago and Puerto Montt, Chile. The loan bears an interest rate of per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning February 2021, and a maturity date of February 6, 2024. 
 
 On January 12, 2021, the Company borrowed CLP USD) , net of CLP fees USD), from Banco Santander. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with Banco Santander as lender. The loan was used to comply with the construction of Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring center in Santiago, Chile and remodeling a temporary monitoring center. The loan bears an interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning February 2021, and a maturity of May 11, 2024. The Company also paid CLP 27,275USD in broker fees which are amortized over the life of the loan. 
 
 On February 2, 2021, the Company borrowed CLP USD), net of CLP fees 2,734USD ), from Banco Estado. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with Banco Estado as lender. The loan provided was used for the construction of the Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring center in Santiago city and computer equipment for Gendarmeria branch offices. The loan bears an interest rate of per annum, initially having a 6 -month grace period with the first payment including the 6 months of interest plus 1 month of principal on August 2, 2021, then monthly interest with principal, and a maturity date of January 2, 2024. The Company also paid CLP USD) in broker fees which are amortized over the life of the loan. 
 
 On February 4, 2021, the Company borrowed CLP USD) from HP Financial Services Chile Limitada. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with HP Financial Services Chile Limitada as lender. The loan was used to purchase computer equipment for the Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring center in Santiago, Chile. The loan bears an interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning March 2021, and a maturity of March 4, 2024. 
 
 On February 5, 2021, the Company borrowed of CLP USD), net of CLP fees USD), from Banco de Chile. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with Banco de Chile as lender. The loan provided was used to purchase HVAC equipment for Gendarmeria de Chile monitoring center in Santiago, Chile. The loan bears an interest rate of per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning March 2021, and a maturity date of March 4, 2024. 
 
 On February 15, 2021, the Company borrowed CLP USD) from Banco de Chile. To facilitate the Loan, the Company entered into a Note Payable Agreement with Banco de Chile as lender. The loan proceeds were used as working capital and to comply with the construction of the Gendarmeria monitoring center in Puerto Montt, Chile. The loan bears an interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly with principal beginning March 2021, and a maturity of February 17, 2025. The Company also paid CLP USD) in broker fees which are amortized over the life of the loan. 
 
 The following table summarizes our future maturities of debt obligations, net of the amortization of debt discounts as of September 30, 2021: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Issuance costs 

() 

Debt obligations, net of unamortized issuance costs 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share Preferred Stock ), of which shares have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred ). The Company s Board of Directors has the authority to amend its Certificate of Incorporation, without further stockholder approval, to designate and determine, in whole or in part, the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the preferred stock before any issuance of the Preferred Stock and to create additional series of Preferred Stock. 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On October 12, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Division of Corporations, designating shares of the Company s preferred stock as Series A Preferred. Shares of Series A Preferred rank senior to the Company s Common Stock, and all other classes and series of equity securities of the Company that by their terms do not rank senior to the Series A Preferred. 
 
 Except with respect to transactions upon which holders of the Series A Preferred are entitled to vote separately as a class under the terms of the Certificate of Designation, the Series A Preferred has no voting rights. The shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred is convertible shall, upon issuance, have all of the same voting rights as other issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 The Series A Preferred has no separate dividend rights; however, whenever the Board declares a dividend on the Company s Common Stock, if ever, each holder of record of a share of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to such dividend declared on one share of Common Stock multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock into which such share of Series A Preferred could be converted on the Record Date. 
 
 Each share of Series A Preferred has a Liquidation Preference of per share, and is convertible, at the holder s option, into ten shares of the Company s Common Stock, subject to adjustments as set forth in the Certificate of Designation, at any time beginning five hundred and forty days after the date of issuance. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, no shares of Series A Preferred were issued and outstanding. 

shares of Common Stock, par value per share. 
 
 On February 11, 2021 and April 15, 2021, former members of the Board of Directors received and shares of Common Stock by exercising and warrants, respectively, through a net exercise provision of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement. 
 
 On August 18, 2021, a member of management received shares of Common Stock by exercising warrants through a net exercise provision of the Common Stock Purchase Option Agreement. 
 
 On August 24, 2021, a member of the Board of Directors received shares of Common Stock by exercising warrants. 

shares are authorized for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2012 Plan; however, the Board of Directors suspended the 2012 Plan in fiscal year 2019. 
 
 The Company issued a nominal amount of stock for fully vested stock awards in fiscal 2021 and possibly could issue stock in the future for warrants and options that have vested, but not been exercised at September 30, 2021. 
 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, no options to purchase shares of Common Stock were granted under the 2012 Plan. As of September 30, 2021, shares of Common Stock were available for future grants under the 2012 Plan. During the fiscal year 2021, the Company recorded of expense related to Common Stock granted. 
 
 All Options and Warrants 
 
 The fair value of each stock option and warrant grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company granted no options and warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock under the 2012 Plan. The warrants for Board members vest immediately and expire five years from grant date and warrants or options issued to employees vest annually over either a two to three -year period and expire five years after the final vesting date of the grant. The Company recorded expense of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the issuance and vesting of outstanding stock options and warrants. 
 
 All options and warrants have vested and are exercisable at September 30, 2021 and no future issuances are expected. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, no compensation expense associated with unvested stock options and warrants issued previously to members of the Board of Directors will be recognized over the next year. 
 
 A summary of the compensation-based options and warrants activity for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 is presented below: 

Granted - - - 
 Expired - - - 
 Exercised - - - 
 Outstanding as of September 30, 2020 
 Granted - - - 
 Expired - - - 
 Exercised (228,184 (1.21 - 
 Outstanding as of September 30, 2021 
 Exercisable as of September 30, 2021 

The intrinsic value of options and warrants outstanding and exercisable is based on the Company s share price of at September 30, 2021. 

and ), respectively. The amount and ultimate realization of the benefits from the net operating losses is dependent, in part, upon the tax laws in effect, our future earnings, and other future events, the effects of which cannot be determined. The Company has established a valuation allowance for all deferred income tax assets not offset by deferred income tax liabilities due to the uncertainty of their realization. Accordingly, there is no benefit for income taxes in the accompanying statements of operations. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, the Company had net carryforwards available to offset future taxable income of approximately of which approximately 27,918,00 expires in 2022. The utilization of the net loss carryforwards is dependent upon the tax laws in effect at the time the net operating loss carryforwards can be utilized. The Internal Revenue Code contains provisions that likely could reduce or limit the availability and utilization of these net operating loss carryforwards. An ownership change generally affects the rate at which NOLs and potentially other deferred tax assets are permitted to offset future taxable income. Since the Company maintains a full valuation allowance on all U.S. and state deferred tax assets, the impact of prior year ownership changes on the future realizability of U.S. and state deferred tax assets did not result in an impact to the provision for income taxes for the year ended September 30, 2021, or on net deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2021. In the past, ownership changes of the Company resulted in a Sec. 382 limitation on the future realizability of U.S. and state NOLs. Since the Company maintains a full valuation allowance on all U.S. and state deferred tax assets, the impact of the Sec. 382 limitation did not result in an impact to the provision for income taxes for the year ended September 30, 2021, or on net deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The tax provision for the year ended September 30, 2021 was due primarily to taxes on the income of a foreign-based subsidiary and U.S. state and local income taxes. 
 
 The deferred income tax assets (liabilities) were comprised of the following for the periods indicated: 

Accruals and reserves 
 Contributions 
 Severance indemnity reserve 
 Depreciation 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Valuation allowance 
 Total 

Reconciliations between the benefit for income taxes at the federal statutory income tax rate and the Company's benefit for income taxes for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

State income tax benefit, net of federal income tax effect 
 Effect of foreign income taxes 
 Non-deductible expenses 
 Rate change due to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 
 Deferred only adjustment 
 Return to provision 
 Withholding taxes 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Provision for income taxes 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company began recognizing revenue from international sources from our products and monitoring services. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company began recognizing a liability for value-added taxes, which will be due upon collection. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded income tax expense of related to a foreign jurisdiction, which is included in income tax expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The Company s open tax years for federal and state income tax returns are for the tax years ended September 30, 2017 through September 30, 2021. The Company is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal years ended September 30, 2018 and September 30, 2017. In October 2021, the Company was notified that a no change report will be submitted to close both the fiscal years ended September 30, 2018 and September 30, 2017 which is pending review. 

million. The Supreme Court took action to resolve previous, conflicting decisions regarding the jurisdiction of such claims and determined that such claims will be resolved by the Federal Administrative Tribunal. Subsequently, plaintiff filed an Amparo action before the Collegiate Court, seeking an appeal of the Federal Administrative Court s earlier decision against plaintiff. The Collegiate Court issued a ruling in August 2019 that the matter of dispute was previously resolved by a lower court in 2016. The Company disagreed with this ruling and on November 11, 2020 made a re-demand of the OADPRS for payment due under the July 15, 2011 contract. The OADPRS failed to respond within its allotted 3 months time-period and the Company filed an Amparo Action on May 6, 2021, which was dismissed. The Company additionally filed a motion for annulment with the Federal Administrative Tribunal on August 4, 2021. The time for the OADPRS to respond to the motion has not yet passed. Based upon the fee arrangement the Company has with its counsel, we anticipate the future liabilities attributable to legal expense will be minimal. 

Blaike Anderson v. Track Group, Inc., et. al. On June 24, 2019, Blaike Anderson filed a complaint seeking unspecified damages in the State Court of Marion County, Indiana, alleging liability on the part of defendants for providing a defective ankle monitoring device and failure to warn plaintiff regarding the condition thereof. The Company removed the matter to federal court and subsequently filed its answer denying Plaintiff s allegations in August 2019. On July 1, 2021 the parties reached a settlement, and the case was dismissed with prejudice on July 22, 2021 pursuant to a joint stipulation of the parties. 
 
 Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, through its Trustees v. International Surveillance Services Corporation . On January 23, 2020, the Company was served with a summons for an Adversary Action pending against International Surveillance Services Corporation ISS ), a subsidiary of the Company, now known as Track Group Puerto Rico Inc., in the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico seeking to avoid and recover allegedly constructive fraudulent transfers and to disallow claims pursuant to United States Bankruptcy and Puerto Rican law. The allegations stem from payments made to ISS between 2014 and 2017, which the Company believes were properly made in accordance with a contract between ISS and the government of Puerto Rico, through the Oficina de Servicios con Antelacion a Juicio, originally signed in 2011. The Company is confident that all payments it received were earned and due under applicable law and has produced documentation supporting its position in an informal document exchange with the Commonwealth on July 6, 2020. On August 26, 2021, the Court entered an order staying the Adversary Action pending the Court s confirmation of the Commonwealth s Proposed Plan of Adjustment. The parties remain in discussion regarding a resolution to the matter during the stay. 
 
 Eli Sabag v. Track Group, Inc., et al. On March 12, 2020, Eli Sabag commenced an arbitration with the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, Case Number 01 - 20 - 0003 - 6931. The arbitration claim, as it pertains to the Company, alleges breach of the Share Purchase Agreement SPA between the Company and Sabag. Sabag alleges that the Company breached the SPA because it failed to pay him his earn-out after it sold or leased a sufficient number of GPS Global Tracking devices to meet the earn-out milestone, or alternatively, breached the SPA by failing to act in good faith to allow Sabag to achieve his earn-out. Sabag further claims that the Company fraudulently induced Sabag to sell GPS Global Tracking and Surveillance System Ltd. to the Company. The Company has entered its appearance and on July 17, 2020, filed its Answer denying the allegations of the claim and asserting numerous defenses. The Company continues to vigorously defend against the allegations. An arbitration is scheduled for April 2022. The Company has not accrued any potential loss after consultation with outside legal counsel. 
 
 Jeffrey Mohamed Abed v. Track Group, Inc., et al. On June 7, 2021, Jeffrey Mohamed Abed filed a complaint seeking unspecified damages in the Superior Court of the State of California in Case No. 21 STCV 21345, alleging strict products liability, negligence and breach of implied warranty premised upon injuries sustained by the Plaintiff who was involved in an automobile accident while wearing a GPS tracking device of the Company. The Company was served on October 15, 2021 and filed its Answer and Affirmative Defenses on November 12, 2021. The Company disputes the plaintiff s claims and will defend the case vigorously. No accrual for a potential loss has been made as we believe the probability of incurring a material loss is remote. 
 
 Leases 
 
 Effective October 1, 2019, the Company adopted the new lease accounting guidance in ASU No. 2016 - 02, Leases (Topic 842 ASC Topic 842 which modified lease accounting for lessees to create transparency and comparability by recording lease assets and liabilities for operating leases and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The Company adopted the new lease standard utilizing the modified retrospective transaction method, under which amounts in prior periods were not restated. For contracts existing at the time of the adoption, the Company elected not to reassess (a) whether any are or contain leases, (b) lease classification, and (c) initial direct costs. Upon adoption on October 1, 2019, the Company recorded right of use assets and lease liabilities. The adoption of the new standard did not impact the Company s Statements of Operations or Statements of Cash Flows. 

The following table shows right of use assets and lease liabilities and the associated financial statement line items as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 - - 
 Accrued liabilities - 
 Long-term liabilities - 

The following table summarizes the supplemental cash flow information for the year ended September 30, 2021: 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities: 

The future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases with terms greater than one year as of September 30, 2021 are: 

From October 2022 to September 2023 
 Undiscounted Cash Flow 
 Less: imputed interest 
 Total 

Lease liabilities - long-term 
 Total Lease Liabilities 

The weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate related to the Company s lease liabilities as of September 30, 2021 were years and , respectively. The Company s lease discount rates are generally based on the estimates of its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rates implicit in the Company s leases cannot be readily determined. 
 
 Monitoring Equipment 
 
 The Company leases monitoring equipment to its customers with contract terms varying from month-to-month to several years and each daily contract price varies. Devices supplied to customers are not serial number unique and a single device may be used by multiple customers over its useful life. If a leased device is returned for repair, it will likely be replaced with a different device from a different customer or possibly a new device. 
 
 The Company s tracking devices are considered operating leases under ASC 842 as transfer of control of the asset does not occur at the end of the lease, a single device is not specific to a customer and devices may be used by multiple customers throughout their life cycle. Due to the movement of devices from customer to customer, relatively few long-term contracts, the measurement of the equipment life and the present value of the equipment s fair values would not be a measurement to qualify the devices as sales-type leases. No change to the Company s accounting treatment of devices occurred with the adoption of ASC 842. 
 
 Operating lease revenue associated with the Company s monitoring equipment as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are shown in the table below: 

Performance Bonds 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, Company has two performance bonds in connection with a foreign customer totaling , Performance Bonds of which is held in an interest-bearing account on behalf of the customer and is recorded in Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The remaining amount of is guaranteed by a foreign financial institution on behalf of the Company. The amounts held on the two Performance Bonds will be released approximately 90 days after the expiration of the Performance Bonds, as follows: on January 18, 2022 and on July 2, 2024. 
 
 In March 2021, the Company placed a deposit into an interest-bearing account with a financial institution to replace the performance bond expiring on July 2, 2024, whereby the portion guaranteed by the financial institution will increase from to of the total bond. The current bond expiring July 2, 2024 will be released following completion of the transaction. 
 
 The Company pays interest on the full amount of the Performance Bonds to the financial institution providing the guarantee at interest per annum for the Performance Bond expiring in January 2022 and interest per annum for the Performance Bond expiring in July 2024. Related interest expense of and was recorded for the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. 

Developed technology 
 Customer relationships 
 Trade name 
 Website 
 Total intangible assets 
 Accumulated amortization 
 Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

The intangible assets summarized above were purchased or developed on various dates from January 2010 through September 30, 2021. The assets have useful lives ranging from three to twenty years. Amortization expense for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. The Company wrote-off fully amortized intangible assets at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 of and , respectively. There was impairment indicated for the years ended September 30, 2021 or September 30, 2020. 
 
 The following table summarizes the future maturities of amortization of intangible assets as of September 30, 2021: 

2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Goodwill In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, we do not amortize goodwill. These principles require the Company to periodically perform tests for goodwill impairment, at least annually, or sooner if evidence of possible impairment arises. We evaluated the goodwill for impairment as of September 30, 2021. Based on the evaluation made, the Company concluded that impairment of goodwill was necessary. 
 
 Goodwill, as of September 30, consisted of the following: 

Effect of foreign currency translation on goodwill 
 Balance - end of year 

<EX-10.19>
 2
 ex_316878.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19

ex_316878.htm 

Exhibit 10.19 

Amendment No. 4 to the 

 Executive Employment Agreement 

 between Track Group, Inc. and Derek Cassell 

 Dated December 1, 2016 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 4 to that certain Executive Employment Agreement by and between Track Group, Inc. (the Company and Derek Cassell (the Executive entered into as of December 15, 2021. 

WHEREAS , the Company and the Executive entered into that certain Executive Employment Agreement dated December 1, 2016, as amended by Amendment No. 1 on February 13, 2017, Amendment No. 2 on December 13, 2017, Amendment No. 3 on December 21, 2020 (together, the Employment Agreement and 

WHEREAS , the Company and the Executive desire to amend the Employment Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE , the parties agree as follows: 

1. Paragraph 5A. of the Employment Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

A. Employment Term of Agreement. The Employment Term of this Agreement shall commence on shall commence on October 1, 2016 and shall continue in effect until terminated by either party in accordance with the terms herein. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the parties has executed this Amendment No. 4 to the Executive Employment Agreement between Track Group, Inc. and Derek Cassell dated December 15, 2021, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written. 

TRACK GROUP, INC. 

EXECUTIVE 

By: /s/ Guy Dubois 

			 Guy Dubois 

			 Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Derek Cassell 

			 Derek Cassell 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex_315842.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_315842.htm 

EXHIBIT 31(i) 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Derek Cassell, Principal Executive Officer of Track Group, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Track Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent three months (the registrant's fourth three months in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 16, 2021 

/s/ Derek Cassell 

			 Derek Cassell 

			 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex_315843.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_315843.htm 

EXHIBIT 31(ii) 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Peter K. Poli, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, of Track Group, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Track Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 16, 2021 

/s/ Peter K. Poli 

			 Peter K. Poli 

			 Chief Financial Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex_315844.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

ex_315844.htm 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Track Group, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Derek Cassell, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), and Peter K. Poli, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 

/s/ Derek Cassell 

Derek Cassell 

Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 

/s/ Peter K. Poli 

Peter K. Poli, 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

			 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Dated: December 16, 2021 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 trck-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 trck-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 trck-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 trck-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 trck-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

